
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                   Stand Aid

                                  1009 2nd Ave
                               Sheldon,  IA 51201
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 800-831-8580
URL: http://www.stand-aid.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 27313746

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Stand Aid is a manufacturer focussed on Arm Brackets, Mounting Brackets, Wheel
Casters, and 3 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Stand
Aid does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as
well as 18 other major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself
via it's website thusly: "power toilet lifts, wheelchair toilet, power toilet
aid, from Stand Aid of Iowa"
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus
Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33451000
SIC CODES:
50470000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Arm Brackets
     ·    Mounting Brackets
     ·    Wheel Casters


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Battery Lead
     ·    Gels
     ·    Graphite
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Actuators, Adjusters, Arm Brackets, Arrows, Basketballs,
Battery Boxes, Battery Chargers, Battery Lead, Beds, Belt Hooks, Belts, Bowls,
Braces, Bushings, Buttons, Cap Screws, Carriage Bolts, Caster Wheels, Chain
Covers, Chair Parts, Chair Seats, Chairs, Channels, Chests, Cleaners, Clevis
Pins, Colored Wire, Commodes, Containers, Control Boxes, Controllers, Cord,
Cotter Pins, Cut Wire, Drill Bits, Drive Chains, Drive Systems, Electrical
Components, Fasteners, Feet, Flat Washers, Flats, Footballs, Forks, Gaskets,
Gate Latches, Gels, Glides, Graphite, Guards, Guides, Hubs, Hydraulic Jacks,
Hydraulic Lifts, Jack Handles, Jacks, Joysticks, Key Switches, Levers, Lifts,
Lights, Linkages, Lock Pins, Locknuts, Machine & Suppor Mounts, Machine Screws,
Measures, Mechanical Devices, Mechanisms, Mounting Brackets, Mountings, Nylon,
Nylon Bushings, Open End Wrenches, Overalls, Padding, Pictures, Pins, Pivots,
Portable Toilets, Posts, Pump Handles, Rails, Ramps, Receivers, Receptacles,
Rechargeable Batteries, Replacement Parts, Rings, Roll Pins, Rounds, Rubber,
Safety Belts, Safety Gates, Safety Switches, Scooters, Screw Washers,
Screwdrivers, Seating, Seats, Self-Tapping Screws, Set Screws, Silver, Socket
Head Cap Screws, Sockets, Spring Jacks, Springs, Sprockets, Stabilizer Bars,
Steel, Steel Tubing, Stools, Switch Buttons, Switch Guards, Switch Keys, Switch
Plates, Switch Stands, Table Hinges, Table Tops, Tables, Tags, Tape Measures,
Telescopes, Terminal Blocks, Thread, Toilet Bowl Cleaners, Toilet Seats,
Toilets, Upholstery, Vans, Washers, Waste Containers, Wheel Casters, Wheel
Chairs, Wheel Drives, Wheel Hubs, Wheel Spacers, Wheelchair Lifts, Wheelchair
Ramps, Wheelchairs, Wing Nuts, Wire, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 3, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Business Linked to Berries Is Not New to Controversy

BYLINE: LAWRENCE M. FISHER

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 583 words


Epitope Inc. is no stranger to controversy.

The biotechnology company, based in Beaverton, Ore., has produced products as
diverse as the first saliva-based AIDS diagnostic test and genetically
engineered grapevine rootstock intended to thwart the phylloxera louse, but it
has not generated a profit in its 16-year history.

Analysts who follow the biotechnology industry say Epitope has a history of
hyping its programs, which has led to great volatility in its stock. They say
that even the AIDS diagnostic kit, which is marketed by SmithKline Beecham and
is the company's one clear success, has been a far smaller product than Epitope
management suggested it would be. The company is not currently followed by any
major Wall Street investment firm.

Yesterday Epitope said its recently acquired subsidiary, the Andrew & Williamson
Sales Company, had begun a voluntary recall of 13 lots of frozen, sliced
strawberries shipped to distributors for institutional use in six states, after
the berries were blamed for an outbreak of hepatitis A in several Michigan
schools.

The company said it had learned that Andrew & Williamson inaccurately described
some of the strawberries as having been grown and processed in the United
States, as required by the Department of Agriculture school lunch program. In
fact, some of the berries were grown in Mexico and processed in the United
States, Epitope said yesterday.

In Nasdaq trading, Epitope shares closed at $8.25, down $1.875. It was a 52-week
low for the stock, which has traded as high as $22.87 in the past year. The
company has long been a favorite of short sellers, who profit when a stock's
price falls.

"We have notified the U.S.D.A. of our concern with regard to this matter and
have today accepted the resignation of Fred L. Williamson, the president and
chief executive officer of A. & W.," Adolph J. Ferro, Epitope's president and
chief executive, said in a statement. "As the health and well-being of the
public remains our foremost concern, we will continue to work with appropriate
governmental agencies."

Founded in 1981 as a paternity testing company, Epitope in 1996 received Food
and Drug Administration approval to market the nation's first H.I.V. testing
system that did not rely on blood. Epitope's OraSure uses fluid from the mouth,
which is sent to a laboratory for testing.

Epitope acquired Andrew & Williamson in November in a stock swap worth about
$7.7 million, as part of a plan to spin out Agritope, its agriculture operations
as a separately traded stock. Earlier Agritope had joined with Andrew &
Williamson, a major fresh fruit and vegetable grower and distributor in San
Diego, in a joint venture to grow and wholesale new varieties of longer-lasting
tomatoes. Shareholders are scheduled to vote on the arrangement on April 29.

"The only good thing is this all happened before they made the acquisition,"
said James McCamant, publisher of the Agbiotech Stock Letter, an industry
newsletter. "If their lawyers wrote the contract properly, this will probably
come out of whatever they paid. That's the biggest single question mark: who's
going to end up being liable."

Epitope reported $6.2 million in revenue for the year ending Sept. 30, 1996, but
that included a one-time $5.2 million fee from SmithKline Beecham as a result of
the F.D.A.'s approving extending the shelf life of the OraSure device to two
years from nine months. The company reported a net loss of $1.4 million for the
year.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                           November 23, 1999 Tuesday

Disaster aid approved for area counties

BYLINE: SEAN DAILEY STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 29

LENGTH: 333 words


Central and southern Illinois farmers whose crops suffered from dry weather over
the summer have some relief coming courtesy of the federal government.

Illinois' U.S. senators, Peter Fitzgerald and Dick Durbin, announced Monday that
69 counties in the state will be eligible to receive federal disaster-relief aid
in the form of low-interest loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm
Service Agency.

The loans can be used to restore or replace farm essentials such as animals,
fences, equipment or orchard trees, according to a press release is sued by the
senators.

Other possible uses for the USDA loans include paying all or part of this year's
production costs, essential family living expenses, reorganizing farm operations
or refinancing farm debt.

Locally, Christian, Greene, Montgomery and Pike counties were among the 44
designated as primary disaster areas. Counties designated as contiguous disaster
areas included Sangamon, Morgan, Macoupin, Macon and Cass.

"In Sangamon County, it was really rough," said Matt Montgomery of the
University of Illinois Sangamon-Menard Extension Unit, noting that corn in the
western and southern parts of the county was especially hard hit.

"If you were to look at corn crops around New Berlin and Auburn and around there
in August, you could still tell where the rows were. By August, we would have
hoped that the corn had formed a canopy. That means they were losing
interception of light."

The dry conditions were spotty. Just to the north, Menard County received enough
rainfall to keep farmers there from qualifying for disaster-relief loans,
Montgomery said.

And while a violent windstorm in August did take out a lot of crops, "that
wasn't part of this declaration," he said.

Montgomery suggested that farmers contact their county Farm Service Agency to
inquire about applying for the loans. Fitzgerald spokesman Brian Stoller said
farmers from qualifying counties also may contact a local USDA office directly.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 1999 The State Journal-Register


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           December 20, 2001 Thursday

Farm bill waiting for allotment of subsidies

BYLINE: By Lisa FriedmanWASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 951 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A $171 billion bonanza for grain, cotton and corn farmers is mired in
legislative muck, bogged down until next year by a partisan tug-of-war over how
subsidies should be spent.

"We're just waiting for the Senate to do something," said Rep. Richard Pombo,
R-Tracy, a leading member of the House Agriculture Committee negotiating the
legislation.

California growers, while anxious as any for the bill to move forward, know that
farmers in the Golden State will see just a sliver of the government munificence
that rains dollars down on Midwest states.

Only 9 percent of all California farms receive government subsidies, despite the
state's status as the largest agriculture producer in the nation.

By contrast, 75 percent of Iowa farms benefit from farm aid, and 70 percent of
all South Dakota farms.

That's because only corn, grain and cotton -- not grapes, strawberries or the
other fruits and vegetables that dominate California's $27 billion-a-year
agricultural production -- are eligible for aid.

"One thousand acres of rice will bring you a big check, but 1,000 acres of
tomatoes gets you nothing," said Sarah Feinberg, spokeswoman for the
Environmental Working Group [EWG], a Washington, D.C.-based, advocacy
organization that has published an online database of all USDA farm subsidies.

Since 1996, farmers in California have received about $2.2 billion in aid,
compared to $5.6 billion that poured into Illinois and $6.7 billion to Iowa
during that same time period.

Most of the California money goes to cotton farms in the Central Valley and rice
producers in the northern region.

But according to data compiled by EWG, the largesse is hardly limited to working
farmers. Some of the country's richest men and women collect government farm
assistance as well.

Schwab, worth an estimated $4 billion, receives $564,000 a year to support rice
crops on his 1,550-acre duck hunting club in Glenn County.

Rep. Charles Stenholm, a West Texas Democrat who helped write the farm bill,
received $39,298 for family farm operations in the past five years, while the
family farming business of Rep. Cal Dooley, D-Visalia, received $306,902 during
that time.

Watchdog groups complain that since a limited number of farmers who apply for
subsidies actually receive them, politicians who collect federal aid are guilty
of at least the appearance of a conflict.

But advocates said they are far less concerned about politicians whose extended
families reap subsidy benefits, like Pombo.

According to figures compiled by EWG, seven Pombos in the Tracy area received a
combined $117,012 over the past five years for wheat and barley production. The
congressman identified all of them as cousins and uncles, and noted he does not
receive any federal aid.

"My brothers and I just have cattle. We don't qualify," he said.

Pombo said he doesn't see a conflict of interest in his work on the farm bill.
Neither did Scott Faber, an attorney with the lobbying group Environmental
Defense.

"He's one of the last people in Congress to feather his own nest," Faber said of
Pombo. "He's an ideologically-driven guy. Obviously I don't agree with him a
lot, but he's one of the few members who serves his beliefs more than his self
interest."

What advocates said is worrisome is that too much money is going to large farms
that need it least. Many environmental groups argue that more money should be
put into conservation.

That is one of the main sticking points in the Senate, which is trying to boost
funding by more than $1 billion for programs that pay farmers to grow wetlands
rather than crops and to give growers incentives to use fewer pesticides and
other chemicals.

California received $42.5 million over the past five years for conservation
programs -- compared to $150 million during that time to Indiana -- and
environmentalists maintained the Golden State needs more to stave off the
damaging effects of development. Many complain California needs more aid because
of the state's high land value.

"California is among the leaders in the nation with a wide variety of species in
trouble," said Faber. "Conservation payments are really the only hope of
providing farmers and ranchers with the tools they need to help."

California Sens. Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein plan to introduce an
amendment when Congress reconvenes that would force the Agriculture Department
to equitably distribute conservation funding on a regional basis, and to prevent
discrimination against regions where the cost of land is high.

According to Faber, the government furnishes an average $1,100 per acre to
purchase easements -- hardly enough to convince a farmer or company to sell a
swath of land.

Not all California farming advocates are in favor of more money for conservation
funding.

Pombo, for one, said he is opposed to taking farmland out of production. He
charged that paying farmers to convert land into wetlands is equally onerous as
paying farmers not to grow certain crops, a practice that has engendered
widespread criticism.

"Now they wrap it in an environmental cloak and suddenly it's okay," he said.

When the farm bill came before a House vote in October, Pombo voted against
siphoning $2 billion from subsidy programs into conservation. And, he said, he
is reserving judgment on Feinstein and Boxers' proposal -- even if it will mean
funneling more money to California.

"I'm not just in this to give money to farmers," he said.

The 1996 farm bill expires in 2002. Senate leaders said Wednesday despite the
impasse they are confident about passing a new bill before the current one
expires.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Independent

                            August 15 1989, Tuesday

900m dollars aid package for US farmers

BYLINE: From JOHN LICHFIELD in Washington

LENGTH: 324 words


WITH some US states struggling through their second year of intense drought,
President Bush yesterday bowed to congressional pressure and signed a bill
granting almost dollars 900m (pounds 570m) in disaster aid to farmers.

In severity and geographical scope this year's drought does not compare with
last year's, but crop analysts warned yesterday that world cereal stocks would
be exceptionally low at the start of next year. US winter wheat and some spring
wheat crops are especially hard hit. The US Department of Agriculture says the
world will consume more wheat than it produces in the 1989-90 season for the
third year in succession.


Congress originally asked for dollars 1.3bn in special payments to farmers
stricken by drought in Kansas, North Dakota, California and parts of Minnesota
and Montana as well as crops ruined by flooding in the South. At first, the
White House resisted making any payments at all and threatened to veto the bill.
But a figure of dollars 897m was agreed, which will not affect the federal farm
budget when reduced subsidies through lower harvests and higher prices are taken
into account.

The worst affected state is Kansas, the biggest producer of bread-quality wheat,
where over half the autumn-sown crop was wiped out. Spring-sown wheat is now in
trouble in North Dakota, Minnesota and Montana. But corn (maize) and soy-bean
production in Mid-West states, severely damaged in 1988, looks reasonably
healthy. Peter Leavitt of Weather Services International, a respected
independent weather and crop analyst, said the world would start the 1990
growing season with the lowest wheat stocks, in relation to demand, for nearly
two decades. Other commentators say the bill signed yesterday relaxed some of
the planting restrictions imposed when grain surpluses were at record levels
three years ago and temporary shortages could again become embarrassing
surpluses.

Foreign News Page 8

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Independent Print Ltd


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     April 11, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

WASHINGTON IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 372 words


Helms Suspends Haitian Aid


Sen. Jesse Helms has quietly ordered the suspension of more than $ 30 million in
U.S. assistance to Haiti because Haiti confiscated a rice company almost wholly
owned by U.S. investors.

Haitian authorities said the confiscation of the Rice Corp. of Haiti was the
result of customs fraud, though the company has denied any wrongdoing. The
suspension of aid went into effect in March without announcement.

The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has the power to
independently suspend aid to a foreign nation, even if the money has already
been appropriated by Congress.


Fla. Customs Enforcement Hit


Fruit and other prohibited food items that can carry agricultural pests are
getting into the United States because of lax federal enforcement at Florida's
seaports and airports, investigators say.

Florida handles 70 percent of all perishable commodities, fresh-cut flowers and
plants that enter the country by air. But in Miami fewer than one in every 100
airline passengers caught trying to enter the country with prohibited food items
is ever fined, according to a report by the Agriculture Department's inspector
general. Cruise ship passengers are not fined at all.


Complaint Against First Lady


The disciplinary arm of the Arkansas Supreme Court, which is looking into a
complaint seeking to disbar President Clinton, said it will review one against
first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton for her actions in the Whitewater venture.

In a letter to a conservative group last week, the executive director of the
court's committee on professional conduct said he will evaluate information from
federal regulators that Hillary Clinton, as a lawyer in Little Rock, created a
real estate document later used by her Whitewater partners' savings and loan to
deceive federal regulators. Clinton says she recalls nothing about the matter.

The conservative group, Landmark Legal Foundation, said the information provides
"credible information suggesting that Clinton may have violated" the Arkansas
code of conduct requiring lawyers to act with honesty and integrity. Clinton's
lawyer, David Kendall, called the conservative group's complaint ridiculous.



LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 1, 1998, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Health Watch;
NEWS & NOTES

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 03B; Pg. 03B

LENGTH: 702 words



Recalled beef sent to Georgia

Some of the 280,000 pounds of ground beef recalled by a processor for possible
contamination with a virulent form of E. coli bacteria was sent to stores in
South Georgia and Florida, the Georgia Department of Agriculture said Thursday.

The Ira Higdon Grocery Co. of Cairo, Ga., received 12,368 pounds of the beef,
which it shipped to 23 stores in Georgia and nine in Florida. The company is
working to retrieve and destroy the beef, which may still be in meat cases, said
Tommy Irvin, Georgia commissioner of agriculture. IBP Inc. of Dakota City, Neb.,
the largest beef processor in the United States, announced Wednesday that it was
recalling one day's worth of production from its plant in Joslin, Ill. A sample
from beef processed April 14 was found to contain E. coli O157:H7, a bacterial
strain that can cause severe illness and death in vulnerable groups.

Health departments in all 50 states have been warned to watch for cases of
illness resulting from E. coli O157:H7, but according to the Georgia Division of
Public Health and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, no
problems have yet been traced to this batch of beef. To prevent problems, the
agencies said, beef should be thoroughly cooked, and hands, implements and
cooking surfaces should be washed before and after food preparation. The towns
in Georgia where the meat is believed to have been sent include Arlington,
Ashburn, Blackshear, Cairo, Doerun, Douglas, Edison, Georgetown, Hahira,
Leesburg, Morven, Newton, Nicholls, Quitman, Ray City, Shellman, Smithville,
Tifton, Unadilla, Valdosta and Willacoochee. CONDOM USE: For the first time
since the AIDS outbreak, major producers of heterosexual pornographic videos
will require actors to wear condoms on camera to prevent spread of the virus.
The move is prompted in part by reports that three ''adult'' movie actresses
have tested positive this year for the AIDS virus, industry representatives said
Thursday. The condom requirement extends to some of the biggest companies in the
multibillion-dollar industry, including Vivid Video, VCA and Wicked Pictures.
The gay adult video business has used condoms for the past 10 years, but the
heterosexual porn business resisted the safe-sex practice because companies
feared that use of condoms would diminish the fantasy appeal of their films. The
heterosexual porn industry instead required actors to show proof of being
HIV-free before being allowed to work on a set. MENTAL DISTRESS: Women,
especially separated or widowed women, are more likely than the rest of the
population to report mental distress or mental illness, according to a national
survey released Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. So
are those who are unemployed or undereducated, who earn less than $ 15,000 a
year, who are Native American or Native Alaskan, or who are from ages 18 to 24,
the agency said. The national telephone survey, which included an unspecified
number of adults in Georgia, was an attempt to measure the true incidence of
poor mental health in the population. The problem is believed by health
authorities to be vastly underreported; according to surveys conducted in 1992
and 1993, only 14 percent to 34 percent of those with emotional problems and
depression seek help for those treatable conditions. SMOKING CONCERN: Elderly
smokers may lose the ability to think clearly, perceive and remember more
quickly than people who never smoked or who quit smoking, according to a new
study. A report during the American Academy of Neurology's annual meeting this
week in Minneapolis suggests that the mental decline may be tied to silent
strokes --- very small strokes that go unnoticed by their victims, said study
coordinator Laura Launer of Erasmus University Medical School in Rotterdam,
Netherlands. The researchers pooled data from four European studies that looked
at 9,223 nondemented people age 65 and older. Twenty-two percent were smokers,
36 percent were former smokers and 42 percent never had smoked. All three groups
experienced a decline in cognitive abilities, but older smokers had a
significantly larger decline. --- M.A.J. McKenna and news services

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 Schepers Inc.

                                 6634 Roger Dr
                               Jenison,  MI 49428
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 616-669-2210
URL: http://www.schepers.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/schepersinc
http://www.youtube.com/user/SchepersLawnSprink
https://plus.google.com/102830216008093647925
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/102830216008093647925/+SchepersLawnSprinklingSyste
ms/about

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 10028985

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Schepers Inc. is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on First Aid,
Irrigation Systems, Sprinklers, First Aid Kits, Testing Services, and 5 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Schepers Inc. does
business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as
17 other major Manufacturing Industries. Schepers Inc. has at least 2 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Plumbing Heating and Air-Conditioning
Contractors

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
23822000
SIC CODES:
17110302
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Irrigation Systems
     ·    Sprinklers
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Glass
     ·    Iron
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Angles, Arrows, Automatic Drains, Ball Valves, Belts, Buttons,
Canopies, Check Valves, Contaminants, Control Systems, Controllers, Drain Tile,
Feet, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flow Controls, Footwear, Fountains, Generators,
Glass, Grasses, Hard Hats, Hats, Iron, Irrigation Systems, Lifts, Machinery,
Measures, Metal Caps, Moisture Sensors, Needle Nose Pliers, Piping, Plastic
Gloves, Plastics, Pliers, Posts, Rotary Nozzles, Rotators, Rotors, Safety Belts,
Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Vests, Screwdrivers, Seat Belts, Seats,
Sheets, Shirts, Shut-Off Valves, Sockets, Spray Nozzles, Sprays, Springs,
Sprinklers, Sprinkling Systems, Stainless Steel, Steel, Tables, Testing
Services, Vacuum Breakers, Vests, Water Meters, Well Pumps, Wire, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 29, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Jewish Groups Examine Farm Crisis

BYLINE: By MAURA REYNOLDS

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 673 words


Representatives of Jewish groups from around the country met with state and
Federal Government officials and agricultural leaders in New York City yesterday
to discuss the farm crisis and formulate a national Jewish response to the
plight of small farmers.

''Jewish religious tradition and history are soaked with the importance of
agriculture,'' said Rabbi A. James Rudin, director of interreligious affairs for
the American Jewish Committee, a civil and human rights group. ''I am convinced
that the inexorable wrenching of the family farm from American society threatens
all of us.''

The conference, sponsored by the Union of American Hebrew Congregations, a
Reform group, addressed farm problems in general and Jewish concerns, including
rural anti-Semitism. The meeting was held at the Hebrew Union College-Jewish
Institute of Religion in Manhattan.

''The farm crisis is a topic that should be of special concern for Jews for
several reasons,'' said Mark Green, a speaker. ''First, there is a long Talmudic
tradition. Second, poor farmers in the central part of the country have blamed
Jews for their plight. And third, there needs to be an urban-rural coalition
formed in order to overcome the farm crisis.''

Restructuring of Policy

In his keynote address, Jim Hightower, Commissioner of Agriculture for the state
of Texas, urged a restructuring of basic tenets of agricultural policy, saying
he gained many new ideas on a trip to Israel.

''I saw in Israel what we wanted to do in Texas, particularly in the area of
diversification of production,'' Mr. Hightower said. ''Israel is always
anticipating 5 or 15 years down the road where consumer trends are going.''

Mr. Hightower promoted a theory to end farm subsidies and surpluses, ''supply
management,'' in which crop production is limited to how much the market can
bear and floor prices set to equal farmers' production costs. It is the concept
embodied in the farm aid bill now before Congress and sponsored by Senator Tom
Harkin, Democrat of Iowa, and Representative Richard A. Gephardt, Democrat of
Missouri.

Other Government officials, including Jim Nichols, the Minnesota Commissioner of
Agriculture, and Peter C. Myers, Deputy Secretary of the Federal Department of
Agriculture, disagreed sharply over the state of the agricultural sector and
what direction Federal policy should take.

Subsidies Termed 'Welfare'

Mr. Nichols charged that farm subsidies amount to ''welfare'' and blamed the
Agriculture Department's desire to increase exports with forcing crop prices
below the cost of production. ''Let's run the agricultural sector more like a
business and not like a welfare program,'' Mr. Nichols said.

Mr. Myers contended that ''the agricultural industry is in better shape'' since
the last Federal farm aid bill and that current policy ''allows the United
States to be very aggressive in the world.''

''If we can increase the buying power of smaller countries now, they will
ultimately become better consumers,'' Mr. Myers said.  The participants,
including representatives of local congregations and officials of religious and
non-religious special interest groups around the country, said they hoped to
educate their members about the farm crisis and encourage efforts for solutions.

David Goldstein, executive director of the Jewish Community Relations Bureau in
Kansas City, Mo., said: ''There are things that you can do right here in the
city, from supporting the efforts of groups who are working in that area to
supporting legislation in Congress.''

Several of the speakers expressed concern that anti-Semitism was rising in rural
areas especially hard hit by farm foreclosures.

''Since the late '70's a network of far-right extremist groups have been
capitalizing on the plight of farmers,'' said Bea Forrest, vice president of
Women's American ORT, the national organization of American Jewish women. ''The
groups share the same basic theory that blames bankers, the Federal Reserve and
Jews in particular for their situation.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Britneys Hope Foundation

                                 1605 Eustis St
                             Saint Paul,  MN 55108
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 717-367-9614
URL: http://www.brittanyshope.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/brittanys.hope.foundation
http://www.flickr.com/photos/BrittanysHope
http://www.youtube.com/BrittsHope
https://twitter.com/brittanyshope

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 252860

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Britneys Hope Foundation is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on Feeds,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, Gears, Mattresses, and 10 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Britneys Hope Foundation does business in
the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 22 other
major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Nonprofit Organization Management

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Feeds
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Gears
     ·    Mattresses
     ·    Playground Equipment
     ·    Shoes
     ·    Towels
     ·    Transitions
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Glass
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Iron
     ·    Mica
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Appliances, Baby Wipes, Backgrounds, Backpacks, Bands,
Baseballs, Bath Towels, Beads, Beds, Bicycles, Biologicals, Blenders, Bowls,
Bread Baskets, Briefs, Brushes, Buses, Can Openers, Candy, Canes, Chairs,
Clothing, Compounds, Computer Desks, Cooking Pots, Cord, Credit Cards, Cutlery,
Cutting Boards, Desks, Dolls, Dresses, Duffel Bags, Electricity, Extension
Cords, Farm Equipment, Feeds, Felt, Fences, Fencing, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flashlights, Footballs, Forks, Frying Pans, Furniture, Games, Garages, Gears,
Gift Cards, Glass, Globes, Glue, Guards, Guides, Hearing Aids, Hoes, Ice,
Indium, Invitations, Iron, Jackets, Jacks, Jars, Jugs, Kitchen Knives, Lace,
Lights, Mailing Lists, Mattresses, Measures, Mica, Mops, Mugs, Novelties,
Oxygen, Pass Throughs, Patches, Pearls, Pet Supplies, Pianos, Pictures, Pillows,
Plastic Cups, Plastics, Playground Equipment, Posts, Profiles, Protectors,
Puppets, Radios, Refrigerators, Rounds, Salt, Salt & Pepper Shakers, Scales,
School Buses, Scopes, Seed, Shelters, Shoes, Showers, Sinks, Snacks, Socks,
Spoons, Springs, Stamps, Strainers, Surge Protectors, Sweeps, Swimming Pools,
T-Shirts, Tables, Teas, Toilets, Towels, Transitions, Uniforms, Water
Purification Systems, Work Tables, Worms, X-Ray

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

USDA announces $308M for disaster-stricken states

BYLINE: By Bill Draper

SECTION: NEWS; National; World; Local

LENGTH: 1074 words


BC-US--Agriculture-Disaster Funds, 3rd Ld-Writethru,962

USDA announces $308M for disaster-stricken states

AP Photo CER101, UTSAL501, CER102, UTOGD501, CER103, UTSAC501

Eds: Updates with details about how funds are allocated, comment from states.
Edits to trim. Will be updated. With AP Photos.

By BILL DRAPER

Associated Press

KANSAS CITY, Mo. » The nation's top agriculture official on Wednesday announced
more than $300 million in emergency assistance to 33 states and Puerto Rico to
help them recover from an unusually intense year for natural disasters across
the U.S.

Utah and Missouri will receive the most disaster aid, together taking in $109
million, or more than one-third of the $308 million in aid from Department of
Agriculture watershed and conservation emergency funds, USDA Secretary Tom
Vilsack told The Associated Press ahead of Wednesday's formal announcement.

The emergency funds are part of USDA's annual budget and money allocated from
them will be used to repair and stabilize agriculture and public safety
infrastructure. The federal money covers 75 percent of the cost of such repairs,
and is distributed based on local agencies' applications and ability to pay the
balance, according to the USDA.

Vilsack spokesman Matt Herrick said states were largely approved for the amount
of money requested. Applications are most often handled by local Natural
Resource Conservation Service and Farm Service Agency offices.

"We rely on the county offices because they are right there," said Gerald
Hrdina, head of the Farm Service Agency's conservation section in Missouri. "The
requests are funneled through here, and we decide whether to forward them to the
national office. We very seldom deny an application."

Flooding last spring inundated thousands of acres of farmland in Utah, costing
farmers tens of millions of dollars lost to damaged and destroyed crops or
delayed planting. Utah will receive $60 million in watershed money for repair
work and preventative measures in 13 cities and counties hit by floods within
the last 13 months, said Bronson Smart, state conservation engineer for the U.S.
Natural Resources Conservation Service.

He said his agency requested that amount to deal with two rounds of flooding,
including flash flooding in southern Utah in December 2010 and flooding last
spring in northern and central parts of the state caused by a record snowpack.

Missouri suffered months of flooding along the Missouri River after the U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers authorized unprecedented releases from reservoirs in the
northern river basin all summer to deal with unexpectedly heavy rain in May and
above-average mountain snowpack. Farmers in the Missouri Bootheel, meanwhile,
saw their crops swamped when the Army Corps of Engineers exploded a levee to
relieve water pressure on an upriver town in Illinois. The intentional breach
sent water cascading over thousands of acres of prime farmland.

Missouri will receive around $49 million, of which $35 million will come from
the watershed program and the rest from the Farm Service Agency's Emergency
Conservation Program.

Harold Decker, assistant state conservationist for water resources in Missouri,
said most of the watershed money will go toward clearing and redeveloping
drainage ditches filled with silt and debris by flooding on the Missouri and
Mississippi rivers.

"Without that work, those systems aren't going to function," Decker said. "If
ditches aren't draining properly, it retards plant growth and the drainage of
the plants and lowers production."

Vilsack noted that natural disasters wreaked widespread, but varying, havoc in
2011.

"There have been years that have had more intensive damage in a particular
geographic area, but what's unique about last year is that virtually every part
of the country was affected," Vilsack told the AP. "It was different in every
part of the country. We've not seen tornadoes as devastating as last spring.
Flooding on the Missouri River, because of the longstanding nature of the
flooding -- not a two- or three-week situation -- was unique. Fires in the
southwest part of the country were historic in magnitude. It's been a tough
year."

Slightly more than $215 million of the aid comes from the Emergency Watershed
Program, about $80 million will come from the Emergency Conservation Program and
nearly $12 million is from the FSA's Emergency Forest Restoration Program.
Texas, for instance, will receive nearly $6 million after wildfires charred the
southern part of the state.

The watershed funds will go toward public safety and restoration efforts on
private, public and tribal land, Vilsack said. Projects funded by that money
will include removing debris from waterways, protecting eroded stream banks,
reseeding damaged areas and, in some cases, purchasing floodplain easements on
eligible land.

New York trails only Utah in the amount of watershed protection money received,
at $37.8 million.

New York's money is earmarked for repairing erosion and other damage left behind
by back-to-back late summer tropical storms Irene and Lee.

Dennis DeWeese, acting state conservationist with the conservation service in
New York, said 51 communities have asked for assistance and damage assessments
have been completed for 15. The agency's staff of 25, mostly engineers, had
visited 160 sites by the end of last week and is continuing work that may extend
into the Adirondacks.

One challenge, he said, will be asking already cash-strapped towns and villages
to pay their shares to qualify for the federal money and begin design and
construction.

"A lot of these municipalities are overwhelmed," DeWeese said.

In addition to flooding, 2011 was a big year for tornadoes, including record
outbreaks in the South and a monster storm that leveled a large portion of
Joplin, Mo.

Alabama is scheduled to get nearly $7 million in assistance for tornado
recovery, followed by nearly $4 million in Georgia. Missouri, at the other end
of the spectrum, is to receive only $130,000 to fix tornado damage to
agricultural land.

Vilsack said the emergency money is being used to help agricultural interests
beyond what is covered by crop insurance. He said the USDA paid out $8.6 billion
in crop insurance payments last year, and $17.2 billion over the past three
years.

------

Associated Press writer Josh Loftin in Salt Lake City and George M. Walsh in
Albany, N.Y., contributed to this report. Alt Heads:

USDA announces $308M for disaster-stricken states

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this May 3, 2011, file photo a farm is surrounded by
floodwater in Mississippi County, Mo., after the Army Corps of Engineers' blew a
two-mile hole into the Birds Point levee and flooded 130,000 acres of farmland.
Utah and Missouri stand to receive more than one-third of $308 million in
federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually intense year of tornadoes,
floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File)
FILE - This June, 10, 2011 file photo shows water flowing along West Warren's
5900 West after it was cut to try to relieve some of the pressure created when a
levee broke along the Weber River in West Warren, Utah. Utah and Missouri stand
to receive more than one-third of $308 million in federal disaster aid announced
Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an
unusually intense year of tornadoes, floods and forest fires across the nation.
(AP Photo/The Salt Lake Tribune, Francisco Kjolseth) DESERET NEWS OUT; LOCAL TV
OUT
FILE - inthis June 22, 2011, file photo flood waters cover highway 159, in Big
Lake, Mo. Utah and Missouri stand to receive more than one-third of $308 million
in federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually intense year of tornadoes,
floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP Photo/Dave Weaver, File)
FILE - In this May 15, 2011 file photo, Ellen Sowers walks down the flooded
drive through a group of cabins along the South Fork of the Ogden River, east of
Huntsville, Utah. Utah and Missouri stand to receive more than one-third of $308
million in federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually intense year of
tornadoes, floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP
Photo/Standard-Examiner, Nick Short)
FILE - In this April 26, 2011, file photo volunteers work to place sandbags atop
a temporary levee to fight back floodwaters as lightning from a thunderstorm is
seen in the background in Dutchtown, Mo. Utah and Missouri stand to receive more
than one-third of $308 million in federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan.
18, 2012, by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually
intense year of tornadoes, floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP
Photo/Jeff Roberson, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

USDA announces $308M for disaster-stricken states

BYLINE: By Bill Draper

SECTION: NEWS; National; World; Local

LENGTH: 1074 words


BC-US--Agriculture-Disaster Funds, 3rd Ld-Writethru,962

USDA announces $308M for disaster-stricken states

AP Photo CER101, UTSAL501, CER102, UTOGD501, CER103, UTSAC501

Eds: Updates with details about how funds are allocated, comment from states.
Edits to trim. Will be updated. With AP Photos.

By BILL DRAPER

Associated Press

KANSAS CITY, Mo. » The nation's top agriculture official on Wednesday announced
more than $300 million in emergency assistance to 33 states and Puerto Rico to
help them recover from an unusually intense year for natural disasters across
the U.S.

Utah and Missouri will receive the most disaster aid, together taking in $109
million, or more than one-third of the $308 million in aid from Department of
Agriculture watershed and conservation emergency funds, USDA Secretary Tom
Vilsack told The Associated Press ahead of Wednesday's formal announcement.

The emergency funds are part of USDA's annual budget and money allocated from
them will be used to repair and stabilize agriculture and public safety
infrastructure. The federal money covers 75 percent of the cost of such repairs,
and is distributed based on local agencies' applications and ability to pay the
balance, according to the USDA.

Vilsack spokesman Matt Herrick said states were largely approved for the amount
of money requested. Applications are most often handled by local Natural
Resource Conservation Service and Farm Service Agency offices.

"We rely on the county offices because they are right there," said Gerald
Hrdina, head of the Farm Service Agency's conservation section in Missouri. "The
requests are funneled through here, and we decide whether to forward them to the
national office. We very seldom deny an application."

Flooding last spring inundated thousands of acres of farmland in Utah, costing
farmers tens of millions of dollars lost to damaged and destroyed crops or
delayed planting. Utah will receive $60 million in watershed money for repair
work and preventative measures in 13 cities and counties hit by floods within
the last 13 months, said Bronson Smart, state conservation engineer for the U.S.
Natural Resources Conservation Service.

He said his agency requested that amount to deal with two rounds of flooding,
including flash flooding in southern Utah in December 2010 and flooding last
spring in northern and central parts of the state caused by a record snowpack.

Missouri suffered months of flooding along the Missouri River after the U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers authorized unprecedented releases from reservoirs in the
northern river basin all summer to deal with unexpectedly heavy rain in May and
above-average mountain snowpack. Farmers in the Missouri Bootheel, meanwhile,
saw their crops swamped when the Army Corps of Engineers exploded a levee to
relieve water pressure on an upriver town in Illinois. The intentional breach
sent water cascading over thousands of acres of prime farmland.

Missouri will receive around $49 million, of which $35 million will come from
the watershed program and the rest from the Farm Service Agency's Emergency
Conservation Program.

Harold Decker, assistant state conservationist for water resources in Missouri,
said most of the watershed money will go toward clearing and redeveloping
drainage ditches filled with silt and debris by flooding on the Missouri and
Mississippi rivers.

"Without that work, those systems aren't going to function," Decker said. "If
ditches aren't draining properly, it retards plant growth and the drainage of
the plants and lowers production."

Vilsack noted that natural disasters wreaked widespread, but varying, havoc in
2011.

"There have been years that have had more intensive damage in a particular
geographic area, but what's unique about last year is that virtually every part
of the country was affected," Vilsack told the AP. "It was different in every
part of the country. We've not seen tornadoes as devastating as last spring.
Flooding on the Missouri River, because of the longstanding nature of the
flooding -- not a two- or three-week situation -- was unique. Fires in the
southwest part of the country were historic in magnitude. It's been a tough
year."

Slightly more than $215 million of the aid comes from the Emergency Watershed
Program, about $80 million will come from the Emergency Conservation Program and
nearly $12 million is from the FSA's Emergency Forest Restoration Program.
Texas, for instance, will receive nearly $6 million after wildfires charred the
southern part of the state.

The watershed funds will go toward public safety and restoration efforts on
private, public and tribal land, Vilsack said. Projects funded by that money
will include removing debris from waterways, protecting eroded stream banks,
reseeding damaged areas and, in some cases, purchasing floodplain easements on
eligible land.

New York trails only Utah in the amount of watershed protection money received,
at $37.8 million.

New York's money is earmarked for repairing erosion and other damage left behind
by back-to-back late summer tropical storms Irene and Lee.

Dennis DeWeese, acting state conservationist with the conservation service in
New York, said 51 communities have asked for assistance and damage assessments
have been completed for 15. The agency's staff of 25, mostly engineers, had
visited 160 sites by the end of last week and is continuing work that may extend
into the Adirondacks.

One challenge, he said, will be asking already cash-strapped towns and villages
to pay their shares to qualify for the federal money and begin design and
construction.

"A lot of these municipalities are overwhelmed," DeWeese said.

In addition to flooding, 2011 was a big year for tornadoes, including record
outbreaks in the South and a monster storm that leveled a large portion of
Joplin, Mo.

Alabama is scheduled to get nearly $7 million in assistance for tornado
recovery, followed by nearly $4 million in Georgia. Missouri, at the other end
of the spectrum, is to receive only $130,000 to fix tornado damage to
agricultural land.

Vilsack said the emergency money is being used to help agricultural interests
beyond what is covered by crop insurance. He said the USDA paid out $8.6 billion
in crop insurance payments last year, and $17.2 billion over the past three
years.

------

Associated Press writer Josh Loftin in Salt Lake City and George M. Walsh in
Albany, N.Y., contributed to this report. Alt Heads:

USDA announces $308M for disaster-stricken states

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this May 3, 2011, file photo a farm is surrounded by
floodwater in Mississippi County, Mo., after the Army Corps of Engineers' blew a
two-mile hole into the Birds Point levee and flooded 130,000 acres of farmland.
Utah and Missouri stand to receive more than one-third of $308 million in
federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually intense year of tornadoes,
floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File)
FILE - This June, 10, 2011 file photo shows water flowing along West Warren's
5900 West after it was cut to try to relieve some of the pressure created when a
levee broke along the Weber River in West Warren, Utah. Utah and Missouri stand
to receive more than one-third of $308 million in federal disaster aid announced
Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an
unusually intense year of tornadoes, floods and forest fires across the nation.
(AP Photo/The Salt Lake Tribune, Francisco Kjolseth) DESERET NEWS OUT; LOCAL TV
OUT
FILE - inthis June 22, 2011, file photo flood waters cover highway 159, in Big
Lake, Mo. Utah and Missouri stand to receive more than one-third of $308 million
in federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually intense year of tornadoes,
floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP Photo/Dave Weaver, File)
FILE - In this May 15, 2011 file photo, Ellen Sowers walks down the flooded
drive through a group of cabins along the South Fork of the Ogden River, east of
Huntsville, Utah. Utah and Missouri stand to receive more than one-third of $308
million in federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2012, by
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually intense year of
tornadoes, floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP
Photo/Standard-Examiner, Nick Short)
FILE - In this April 26, 2011, file photo volunteers work to place sandbags atop
a temporary levee to fight back floodwaters as lightning from a thunderstorm is
seen in the background in Dutchtown, Mo. Utah and Missouri stand to receive more
than one-third of $308 million in federal disaster aid announced Wednesday, Jan.
18, 2012, by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in response to an unusually
intense year of tornadoes, floods and forest fires across the nation. (AP
Photo/Jeff Roberson, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 26, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

Addenda

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A24; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 180 words


" Touching a woman's breasts without permission is not a crime in Arkansas if no
force or threats are used, a judge ruled in dismissing a sexual abuse charge by
a 16-year-old girl against a Little Rock teacher. John Latting, a high school
teacher and coach, was accused of touching the girl's left breast Oct. 16, 1990,
after calling her into his office for counseling. Latting denies touching the
girl.

" For the second year, the Agriculture Department will post marksmen at New
York's John F. Kennedy International Airport to shoot thousands of sea gulls in
an effort to prevent bird-plane collisions.

" Sterling Drug Co., makers of Bayer aspirin, must pay $ 7.8 million to a
15-year-old girl whose mental growth was stopped by Reye's syndrome after she
was given aspirin for a fever at age 5, a Louisiana appeals court ruled.

" William Lucas Barker, 25, of Oakland, Calif., was sentenced to three years in
prison for assault with a deadly weapon -- the AIDS virus -- after having
unprotected sex with a 22-year-old woman in an unsuccessful attempt to give her
AIDS.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 28, 1989, Friday

SIMON SAYS

BYLINE: Howard Simon

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 487 words


THE EASTERN REGIONAL BUSINESS CONDUCT COMMITTEE of the National Futures
Association has barred State Street Futures Corp. of Quincy, Mass., permanently
from NFA membership.

As a result of the strong action by the Chicago-based industry watchdog, State
Street's two principals, David Joseph Condon and David L. Westbook, agreed not
to act as principals for any NFA member for three years from the ate of the
decision.

The firm was a Futures Commission Merchant. As an FCM, it could solicit orders
to buy or sell futures contracts or options on futures for customers and accept
customer money or other assets.

The NFA decision follows a seven-count complaint filed by NFA against the
company in February. In the complaint, NFA charged State Street with failing to
maintain adequate books and records and failing to prepare complete, accurate
and timely daily and monthly trade settlements.

* * * * *

AS TEMPERATURES HEAT UP in the Midwest, so does the debate about whether the
nation's midsection will experience the same hot, dry weather conditions that
caused extensive grain damage last summer.

U.S. Department of Agriculture chief meteorologist Norton Strommen Wednesday
reiterated his view that the United States isn't entering into a widespread
drought similar to that of 1988 despite pockets of dryness (particularly this
spring in hard winter wheat growing ar eas).

Meanwhile, John Schnittker, head of the Washington, D.C.-based agriculture
consulting firm of Schnittker Associates, said he is alarmed for the crops
because of depleted soil moisture.

In either case, the dry weather for Midwest crops prompted the USDA this week to
announce new assistance to farmers and ranchers hit hard by drought conditions.
Acknowledging the serious weather problem, the USDA said its aid includes
allowing emergency haying and grazing on land set aside for conservation. It was
not until late July and August, the peak of last summer's drought, that the USDA
eased restrictions on using conservation land.

The aid also provides feed assistance to livestock and poultry producers.

* * * * *

THE CASE OF AUSTRALIAN BEEF found by South Korean authorities to be tainted may
be the fault of Korean importers and Australian exporters both.

As a result of the spoiled beef, South Korea has imposed an indefinite ban on
beef imports from Australia.

Knight-Ridder Financial News reported Thursday that the 2 million metric tons
found spoiled in Seoul showed signs of bone taint, and South Korea's Livestock
Products Marketing Organization will issue its report on the case as early as
today.

The cause of the bone taint, which is marked by a deterioration in the meat
around the bone, remains unknown, but the problem would have arisen either
during initial freezing of the beef in Australia or due to storage problems in
Seoul, an Australian Meat & Livestock Corp. official said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: SIMON SAYS. Briefs

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday

Schumer urges aid distribution method that favors smaller dairy farmers

BYLINE: Nick Reisman, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 222 words


Oct. 1--U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer is pushing the Department of Agriculture to
use the Milk Income Loss program to distribute funds aimed at helping dairy
farmers.

Schumer, D-N.Y., along with U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., announced on
Wednesday that $350 million was inserted into an agriculture spending bill that
is aimed at helping the flailing dairy industry.

New York's share of that money is believed to be $45 million.

Schumer will conduct a telephone news conference with reporters at 12:45 p.m. on
Thursday to discuss the issue of how the money will be doled out.

He is pushing for the funds to be distributed through the Milk Income Loss
Contract program because that will help smaller farms, he said.

Many producers are struggling to make ends meet, as low wholesale prices
continue to plague the industry.

The current wholesale base price for dairy is $11.60 per hundredweight, or 100
pounds of milk sold.

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091001-GN-DAIRY-AID-20091001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2009 The Post-Star


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 13, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Grain and Soybeans Higher On Prospect for Soviet Aid

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 13; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 443 words


The prospect of food shipments to the Soviet Union and the threat of a
diminished crop in this country sent grain and soybean futures prices higher
yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade.

After the close of trading, however, the Agriculture Department released new
data estimating that the harvest of major crops would be about what had been
expected.

While there were no public developments in arranging for food shipments to the
Soviet Union, the market sustained the belief that such aid was inevitable.

Traders said there were indications that the United States might be planning
direct help for the Soviet Union, rather than merely extending credit
guarantees.

The market's expectations for a bullish crop report were fulfilled in only a
minor way.

Estimates on Crops

The Agriculture Department estimated that farmers would harvest 1.817 billion
bushels of soybeans, only slightly below the market projection; 7.295 billion
bushels of corn, slightly above what the market was expecting, and 2.013 billion
bushels of wheat, a little below the Aug. 1 estimate.

The Government also estimated lower-than-expected stocks of the three crops left
after the 1991-92 year.

"These are not the catastrophically small numbers that some had feared," said
Doug Jackson, an analyst in Des Moines with the Farmers Commodities Corporation.
"But they still show us reduced carryouts, with wheat and corn relatively
tighter than beans."

On the Board of Trade, wheat for delivery in September settled 3 3/4 cents
higher at $3.22 1/2 a bushel. September corn was 3 3/4 cents higher at $2.51 3/4
a bushel. September oats were 1 1/4 cents higher at $1.21 1/2 a bushel and
September soybeans were 6 1/2 cents higher at $5.89 1/4 a bushel.

Strong Cattle Gains

Cattle futures prices posted strong gains at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange,
spurred by better cash prices for feed cattle a day earlier. Traders also said
they expected cattle prices to go higher for the rest of the year.

Live cattle for delivery in October gained 0.62 cent and settled at 72.02 cents
a pound. September feeder cattle were 0.45 cent higher at 85.27 cents a pound.
October hogs were unchanged at 45.40 cents a pound and February pork bellies
were 0.80 cent higher at 49.77 cents a pound.

Energy futures were lower in featureless trading on the New York Mercantile
Exchange.

Crude oil for delivery in October lost 11 cents and settled at $21.53 a barrel.
October heating oil was 0.40 cent lower at 61.17 cents a gallon. October
unleaded gasoline was 0.11 cent lower at 61.35 cents a gallon and October
natural gas was 3.3 cents lower at $1.596 for 1,000 cubic feet.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 26, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

SHARP REDUCTION EXPECTED IN FOREIGN AID REQUEST

BYLINE: By JUAN de ONIS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 7, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 611 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 25


A foreign aid request sent to Congress by the Carter Administration with major
increases for population control and food in developing countries is likely to
be cut back sharply by President Reagan's budget managers.

The requested aid authorization for fiscal 1982, a total of $8.8 billion, was
described by Douglas J. Bennet Jr., President Carter's administrator for the
Agency for International Development, as ''the minimum that any Administration
will need to conduct United States foreign policy.''

However, officials at the agency said this request is likely to be reduced by
David A. Stockman, the new director of the Office of Management and Budget. They
have already been notified that the Carter Administration figures will be
reduced.

The Reagan Administration has not yet named an administrator for the Agency for
International Development, but agency officials said M. Peter McPherson, a
Republican lawyer, is a strong candidate. Mr.  McPherson served on the White
House legal staffs of Presidents Nixon and Ford and is now a deputy to E.
Pendleton James, the White House personnel director.

He Prepared Report for Reagan

During the campaign, Mr. McPherson prepared a paper on foreign aid for Mr.
Reagan recommending more emphasis on technical assistance and less transfers of
agency money to developing countries.

Mr. McPherson, who is 40 years old, grew up in Michigan's fruit orchard country,
was a Peace Corps volunteer in Peru and has been a member of the Board for
International Food and Agriculture Development, a government committee that
coordinates work by American universities and consultants in overseas
agriculture projects.

For the past two years, Congress has failed to pass an updated foreign aid
spending bill, with the result that the program through which the United States
provides development assistance to 61 countries has carried on at the 1979 level
with no increase to offset inflation.

The continuing resolution for United States foreign aid spending that was
approved in December by Congress provided $1.97 billion for the current fiscal
year. The Carter Administration request had been for $2.27 billion.

Aid Policy Is Defended

Although budget-cutting arguments by the Office of Management and Budget have
generally prevailed against increased foreign aid requests, Mr. Bennet said in
an interview before leaving the Government that ''reassertion of United States
leadership in the third world requires a foreign assistance program that serves
both our humanitarian and national security interests.''

''We cannot expect peace and stability in the Caribbean, Africa or any other
part of the third world until greater equity and economic development have been
achieved,'' Mr. Bennet said.

The Carter Administration request for agency funds during fiscal 1982, which
begins Oct. 1, earmarks $1.8 billion for agriculture, health, population, energy
and science and technology. This is 52 percent more than Congress authorized in
the continuing resolution for this year.

In addition, the new request calls for $1 billion for the United States
contribution to replenishment of the funds of the International Development
Association, the ''soft loan'' window of the World Bank.

The proposed authorization also would provide $711 million to increase the
United States capital subscription in the World Bank, $359 million for the
Inter-American Development Bank and $17 million for an initial capital
subscription in the African Development Bank.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Emergency Responders Network

                                27 W Anapamu St
                                    Ste 174
                            Santa Barbara,  CA 93101
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 805-898-5867
URL: http://www.ernetwork.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 30671423

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Emergency Responders Network is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on
Defibrillators, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Solutions, and 8
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Emergency Responders
Network does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries,
as well as 29 other major Manufacturing Industries. Emergency Responders Network
has at least 2 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; All Other Support Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
51112000
SIC CODES:
27210105
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Defibrillators
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Defibrillators
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Carrying Cases


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    General Services
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Arsenic
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Disulfide
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Gold
     ·    Heavy Metals
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Manganese
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Urethane


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aircraft, Alarm Systems, Alcohol, Analgesics, Angles, Antacids,
Antibiotics, Antiseptics, Arsenic, Aspirin, Automobiles, Backgrounds, Battery
Chargers, Battery Packs, Boats, Briefs, Brochures, Burn Kits, Buttons, Cakes,
Carbon, Carbon Disulfide, Card Readers, Carrying Cases, Cartridges, CD-I, CD-ROM
Drives, Charcoal, Chemicals, Chests, Computer Processors, Conductors,
Cornerstones, Cosmetics, Cotton, Cotton Swabs, Coupons, Credit Cards, Crystal,
Cuffs, Data Cables, Data Management, Decals, Deep Fryers, Defibrillators, Desks,
Differentials, Disks, Electrical Components, Electricity, Electrodes, Elements,
Emergency Equipment, Filters, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid
Supplies, Flashing, Flats, Fuel Gages, Games, Gels, General Services, Goggles,
Gold, Gowns, Guides, Hard Disks, Hardware, Heavy Metals, Hydrogen, Hydrogen
Peroxide, Jackets, Laptop Computers, Lead Wire, Lifts, Lights, Linings, Lithium
Batteries, Manganese, Masks, Measures, Medical Devices, Medical Tapes, Modems,
Napkins, Nickel, Nylon, Ointments, Overalls, Oxygen, Packaging, Paddles, Paper
Cups, Pens, Personal Computers, Pictures, Pillows, Plastic Covers, Plastics,
Platforms, Polymers, Posts, Printers, Profiles, Razors, Rechargeable Batteries,
Registers, Remote Controls, Replacement Parts, Rounds, Scales, Scopes, Shears,
Sheets, Signals, Simulators, Sockets, Solutions, Speakers, Stakes, Status
Indicators, Stethoscopes, Swabs, Sweeps, Syringes, Teddy Bears, Telephones,
Thermometers, Towelettes, Tracking Systems, Urethane, Warning Signs, Window
Decals, Wire, Wire Connectors

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 25, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

Lyng Promises to Speed Drought Aid

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 433 words


Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng said yesterday that the government plans
no special new federal aid for drought-stricken farmers in the Southeast, but he
promised to cut red tape and speed help under existing disaster programs.

Lyng described the months-long drought as "painfully severe" across most of the
region and said he believes crop losses will be "gigantic," perhaps in the $1
billion range, and will "seriously and dramatically" affect the region's
economy.

The secretary said the economic losses from crop devastation, along with debt
problems faced by many farmers, will touch "every community" in the drought zone
that has parched much of Alabama, Georgia and the Carolinas.

"Farmers spend all the money they get in these communities. When their income
drops, the whole community suffers," Lyng said.

The secretary also announced changes in various Agriculture Department programs
that he said will help ease the drought's effects. He said a Washington-based
task force headed by James Boillot, a deputy assistant secretary, has been
assigned to expedite aid to farmers.

Lyng said he had ordered the department's "response time" to requests for
individual aid and disaster declarations -- which open the way for low-interest
disaster loans and other federal assistance -- to be cut "from the usual days or
weeks to the absolute minimum."

The secretary's announcement followed a report from a task force headed by
George Dunlop, an assistant secretary, which earlier this week visited some of
the region's hardest-hit farming areas. Dunlop predicted yesterday crop losses
ranging to 100 percent in some cases.

Lyng said that on Monday he will visit parts of south-central Pennsylvania, also
afflicted by dryness since early spring, and a second task force will go to
Maryland, Virginia and Delaware to complete a USDA survey of conditions in a dry
belt that extends through the mid-Atlantic and southeastern states.

Lyng said potential crop losses in the South would have little impact on overall
U.S. supplies of major commodities, all of which are in surplus and most of
which are anticipating bumper harvests in other agricultural areas.

He acknowledged complaints about USDA's slowness in reacting to the weather
crisis, but said it has taken time to comply with rules governing emergency
declarations.

"I think I would be misleading people if I suggested that the federal government
is going to be able to come in and save all these farmers," he said. "But we're
going to do the best we can do to minimize as much as we possibly can in a
compassionate way.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, L.C. and Lavonne Smith inspect a pond, normally 15 feet deep,
that dried up at their Carnesville, Ga. farm during the summer drought. AP

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 22, 1999 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Clinton's free trade rhetoric is worth peanuts;
Washington Observed

BYLINE: Joanne Gray

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 907 words


Chastened by its humiliating defeat on the nuclear test ban treaty vote last
week, the Clinton Administration is facing another test of its international and
domestic clout in the next round of trade liberalisation talks, which will kick
off next month in Seattle.

The biggest debates of the so-called millennium round of the World Trade
Organisation will be over which industries in the world economy should be freed
up next.

But the US is facing sceptical audiences both internationally and at home,
because the collapse of the free trade consensus in Congress and domestic
political concerns are lending a contorted character to US trade policy going
into Seattle.

Arguing that the new round must be about jobs and development, Bill Clinton is
trying to woo Democrats, the labour movement and international interest groups
which have gone sour on free trade and globalisation. The sweetener he is
offering in Seattle with support likely from the European Union is higher labour
and environmental standards in trade deals.

Both the US and the EU hope these, and better access to the secretive WTO
process for non-government activist groups, will neutralise their hostility and
convince them and unions to embrace another painful episode of more intense
foreign competition and freer trade.

But the push for higher environment and labour standards in trade agreements is
anathema to developing countries. They argue that they cannot match the first
world on workers' pay or environmental safety, and this push is just another way
of protecting rich economies.

Like Australia and other Cairns Group countries, the United States the world's
biggest economy wants agriculture to be the centrepiece of the talks. US
agricultural exports are suffering and the current account is heading into
record territory, so Clinton is promising to prise open markets to US farm
products.

The US wants a recalcitrant Europe and Japan to remove agricultural subsidies,
price supports and tariffs. But while it is urging other countries to phase out
aid for the farming sector, support for agriculture in the US is thriving.

Congress has just promised US farmers an emergency package of $US8.7 billion
($13.4 billion) to help them through a period of low commodity prices. Aid to
the sector is expected to top $US20 billion this year.

This largesse hasn't escaped international attention, and is ammunition for the
EU, which is trying to deflect attention from its Common Agricultural Policy.

"If we're going to discuss subsidies, we're going to have to discuss all
subsidies European as well as American," said the French Agriculture Minister,
Jacques Glavany, adding that US aid payments to farmers "are the highest I've
seen".

Japan and the EU want the WTO to accept the idea of "multi-functionality" when
it comes to agriculture. This holds that farm aid can be justified if it
preserves rural lifestyles and promotes a scenic landscape. But the Cairns Group
and the US suspect this will become another way of justifying protection.

Europe is trying to introduce up-front exclusions from the Seattle talks for
beef and dairy products, and Japan doesn't want to talk about opening access for
rice imports. The US Trade Representative, Charlene Barshefsky, has ruled out
any exclusions, but she did suggest that the US might want to protect
"sensitive" industries when talks start. Peanuts and sugar would be prime
targets. The EU is also at odds with the US over genetically modified food and
hormone-treated beef.

The EU and Japan want talks on the investment and competition policies of WTO
members, but the US is baulking at adding these issues to the agenda, fearing
they will be used to deflect attention from agriculture. Nor will the US back a
global review of anti-dumping rules, which Japan and Europe argue are
protectionism by another name.

Australia has joined the EU in attacking US use of export credits for
agricultural goods, arguing that they are akin to a subsidy, but the US will not
acknowledge that they are subsidies.

To outsiders, the US stance so far on the millennium round looks like a rather
unwieldy, if convenient, mixture of free trade advocacy and protectionism. This
has much to do with the forthcoming presidential and congressional elections in
November 2000, and the "globophobia" felt by some core Democratic supporters.

For example, in the midst of his campaign for the Democratic Party's
presidential nomination, Vice-President Al Gore won the endorsement of the 13
million strong labour umbrella group, the AFL/CIO. In return, it seems, Gore
promised to act on union concerns about job losses.

Union boss George Becker said Gore had promised him he would change US trade
policy to protect US business and jobs if elected president.

David Smith, policy director for the AFL/CIO, argues that if the Clinton
Administration and trade advocates want to hold onto the consensus for
globalisation, they "should stop taking the credit for the `dog-eat-dog"'
character of the international

economy, and start working out how the benefits of freer trade can be better
shared.

Now Clinton is talking of putting a "human face" on globalisation and expanding
the "circle of winners" from trade. To head off accusations that the WTO is
secretive and an elitist club that makes rules to suit the rich countries, he
has promised a day of talks in Seattle where environmental, labour and other
lobby groups can meet international officials to have their say.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Illus: Free trade advocacy with a protectionist twist ...The US
wants to protect the `sensitive' peanut industry. Photos: AP, REUTERS Charlene
Barshefsky

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1999 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 3, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

REPORTS DESCRIBE WIDESPREAD ABUSE IN FARM PROGRAM

BYLINE: By DOUGLAS FRANTZ

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 3;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1344 words


Federal investigators have uncovered far-reaching fraud and mismanagement in the
Agriculture Department aid program that provides billions of dollars to farmers
who suffer crop losses in disasters like the Midwest floods of 1993 and
Hurricane Andrew in 1992.

Many farmers have collected excessive payments by inflating crop losses,
misstating the acreage they planted or failing to harvest crops when market
prices fell below the amount paid in disaster assistance, according to sweeping
new reports by the Agriculture Department and Senate investigators.

The inquiry by the Senate Agriculture Committee was limited to just eight crops
in nine states. Still, the investigators found $92.5 million in questionable
payments from 1988 to 1993. A draft of an unreleased committee report prepared
in August, which was obtained by The New York Times, said $80 million of the
total represented excess payments that appeared to be unrelated to disasters.

In one striking example, the owners of a farm received $200,000 in Federal money
for crop losses resulting from last year's Midwest floods although three weeks
before the damage they had paid only $138,000 for the property, including land,
a house and equipment.

The head of the aid program, Grant B. Buntrock, acknowledged in an interview
that he and other department officials were aware that serious problems existed
in the program and were trying to clean them up. He estimated that total
potential overpayments in 1992 and 1993 nationwide were $200 million to $300
million, or about 8 percent to 16 percent of the $2.4 billion paid out during
that period.

Mr. Buntrock said the problems were not always just with the structure of the
program. "Unfortunately, we have identified instances of complicity on the local
level in our offices," he said. "It was not the system itself, but the people at
the local level in these cases."

A confidential draft of a separate report by the Office of the Inspector General
at the Agriculture Department concluded that the agency did not analyze payment
data to determine where abuses were occurring and that it did not spot-check the
program to find fraud.

The report also said that penalties were too light to deter fraud. The only
penalty for abuse is the loss of payments for the crop year, which the report
said often represented only money to which the farmers were not entitled in the
first place.

"In a sense, producers have nothing to lose by making false certifications on
their disaster program applications," said the report, which was compiled under
the direction of the assistant inspector general for audit, James R. Ebbitt.

Since Congress expanded the disaster aid program in 1988, farmers have received
more than $8 billion. After the 1993 flooding damaged 20 million acres of
Midwestern farmland, Congress appropriated $1.6 billion to pay for crop damage
from the flood and other disasters.

At a hearing in April, the Senate Agriculture Committee heard testimony about
abuses, including information that squash producers in two Georgia counties may
have received almost $2 million in questionable payments. In response to that
hearing and the report resulting from it, the Agriculture Department's Inspector
General expanded existing investigations, hoping to gauge the extent of the
abuses.

The department's investigation focused on disaster aid in 1993 for specialty
crops in 17 states, but the Inspector General portrayed a program plagued by
systemic problems. The report did not calculate the dollar value of potential
losses or identify suspected abusers.

Fraud reduces disaster payments to the many farmers who actually suffered losses
because a finite amount of aid is available each year. From 1990 to 1992,
payments on disaster claims were cut in half because there was not enough money
to go around, according to a Congressional study, but fraud was only one factor
in that move.

Crop insurance bills passed by the Senate and House this year contain changes
that could save an estimated $187 million over five years by reducing fraud. The
two bills differ in some areas, and compromises are being discussed in the hope
of winning passage before Congress adjourns.

"Given the information in these two reports, it is absolutely critical that the
crop insurance reforms pass so that the same kinds of abuses never happen
again," said Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the Democrat who heads the
Senate Agriculture Committee.

Most of the disaster money is administered by the Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service of the department. Mr. Buntrock, the administrator of the
conservation service, said his agency had been trying to develop programs and
regulations to clean up the problems.

"We take this very, very seriously," Mr. Buntrock said in a telephone interview
from Washington. "We are putting all of our available resources to work to
uncover past wrongdoings and make sure we have a system in place for going
forward."

The inquiries focused on producers of vegetables and fruits because they are not
regulated as carefully as larger crops, like feed corn and soybeans. Although
they are a smaller segment of the industry, these producers of specialty crops
received 35 percent of disaster payments in 1992 and about 20 percent last year.

The draft report by the Inspector General, which was completed on Sept. 16,
describes a litany of fraud and abuse that has proliferated with little apparent
scrutiny by the Agriculture Department.

Some abuse was by big farmers who understated income to qualify for payments.
The law prohibits aid to farmers with gross incomes in excess of $2 million a
year. But the Inspector General's investigators discovered that $620,000 was
paid last year to five farmers with incomes above $2 million.

One Missouri farmer received a $100,000 payment -- the maximum allowed --
although his income was $6 million. A California prune producer received $90,000
despite a gross income of $9.7 million, the department's report said.

In another example, the largest tomato grower in an Alabama county received a
$99,432 payment last year after declaring a drought on 152 acres, although he
had an irrigation system that he did not use. He stopped harvesting after the
price of tomatoes fell by 50 percent.

"The producer admitted he left some tomatoes in the fields because of low
prices," the report said.

Among the most common abuses were inflating the acreage planted and backdating
planting dates to get assistance once disaster aid became available. The
Inspector General's report said that 31 of 48 producers in a single Georgia
county provided inaccurate information that resulted in $1.3 million in
questionable payments.

The report said that officials in local offices of the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service often did not check data provided by
farmers and in some cases did not follow up on suspicions.

In some cases, the Inspector General's report raised questions about farmers who
served on the county agricultural service committees that established benefit
levels for disaster payments. In one Arkansas county, the report said, three
committee members were paid $225,779 in 1993 for losses on crops that were not
planted properly or irrigated.

The Agriculture Department fails to monitor the disaster program adequately or
examine data to look for patterns, like farmers who collect payments year after
year, the report said. Further, it said, the agency should impose civil fraud
penalties to increase the punishment for anyone caught abusing the system.

Mr. Buntrock said $15 million in overpayments made last year had already been
recovered and disciplinary action had been taken against local agency officials
in several offices. He said the legislation before Congress contained several
provisions that would enable the agency to develop new monitoring programs.

For example, Mr. Buntrock said the agency hoped to develop computer programs
that would let it compare planting and pricing records to identify trends in
abuse.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "HOW IT'S DONE: Turning Certain Loss Into Guaranteed Gain" shows
the Agriculture Department's report detailing one instance in which an Alabama
tomato farmer recieved almost $100,000 in disaster payments even after he chose
not to finish harvesting because of low prices. (Source: U.S. Department of
Agriculture)(pg. B12)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Yogurt
Products Commodity Requirements Document"

LENGTH: 273  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Yogurt Products Commodity Requirements Document."

Solicitation no. AG-DPD-DYO1-Notice      Posted on: September 08, 2014

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  Agriculture is a buyer of domestic origin food commodities for use
in various U.S. Government  food aid programs and, from time to time, issues
solicitations to purchase a variety of commodities. Specifications for commodity
purchases are generally published in Commodity Requirements Documents (CRD)
available on the Kansas City Commodity Office's (KCCO) website. Each
solicitation to purchase for  food aid programs will clearly identify the
requirements document applicable in accordance with FAR 11.201(b)


A CRD for Yogurt Products (DYO1), is being published today via this Federal
Business Opportunities (FBO) notice (see document package 1). The effective date
for DYO1 is June 04, 2014. Once effective it will be available with other
current CRDs on the commodity operations website at
:http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=coop&topic=pas-da

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: N/A

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Hilary a Cole,
Contract Specialist
hilary.cole@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-6645

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=91ce8e223d2221dfbff91e54487dd83d&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Yogurt
Products Commodity Requirements Document"

LENGTH: 269  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Yogurt Products Commodity Requirements Document."

Solicitation no. AG-DPD-DYO1-Notice     Posted on: May 27, 2014

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: Agriculture is a buyer of domestic origin food commodities for use
in various U.S. Government food aid programs and, from time to time, issues
solicitations to purchase a variety of commodities. Specifications for commodity
purchases are generally published in Commodity Requirements Documents (CRD)
available on the Kansas City Commodity Office's (KCCO) website. Each
solicitation to purchase for food aid programs will clearly identify the
requirements document applicable in accordance with FAR 11.201(b)


A CRD for Yogurt Products (DYO1), is being published today via this Federal
Business Opportunities (FBO) notice (see document package 1). The effective date
for DYO1 is June 04, 2013. Once effective it will be available with other
current CRDs on the commodity operations website at
:http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=coop&topic=pas-da

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: N/A

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Hilary a Cole,
Contract Specialist
hilary.cole@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-6645

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity=91ce8e223d2221dfbff91e54487dd83d&tab=cor
e&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 4, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Somalia: A land torn asunder

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 451 words


The more than 7 million Somalians have been living in the midst of civil war
since the overthrow of their president in January 1991. Here's a look at the
country:

Size comparison: About size of California

Ethnic background: Darot (north-northwestern), Hawiya (central), Rahanwein
(South) and Ishaak (north central) are collectively referred to as Somalis,
which is approximately 85 percent of the population. Those of Bantu derivation
make up about 14 percent of the population; Arabs and Europeans the remainder.

Population centers: (major cities) Mogadishu, Hargeysa, Chismimayu (Kismayu),
Berbera, Merca (Marka)

Civil War: Started in January 1991 with the overthrow of President Siad Barre
and has since intensified with Barre attempting to regain power and tribes
fighting each other for supreme power.

History: Somalia became an independent country in 1960, formed out of two
colonies, Somaliland (colonized by the British) and the Italian Somali
Protectorate.

Somaliland: Breakaway republic run by strongman Abdiraham Ahmed Ali Tur.
Comprises the former British colony of Somaliland.

Situation in Mogadishu: Two rival Hawiye factions of the United Somali Congress,
one loyal to Ali Mahdi and the other siding with General Aideed, remain locked
in a bitter power struggle. The city remains unstable.

Weather: May to October is the most pleasant period in Mogadishu due to the
southwest monsoon, a cool sea breeze. Dec. to Feb. (period of the northeast
monsoon) is also comfortable. There are ''Tangambili'' periods - intervene
between the two monsoons (Oct.-Nov. and March-May) are hot and humid.

Agriculture center: 25% of population lives between Giubba and Shabell rivers

Time difference with USA: 8 hours

Agriculture
Nomadic ranchers who raise sheep, cattle, goats and camels make up 60% of the
population. Bananas are the most important cash crop, along with livestock.
 Agriculture        82%

Industry/business 13%
Government          5%

Ready to land
The Pentagon has assembled a force of 27,800 to sweep into Somalia and launch an
effort to aid the starving population.

The force
Marines on ships           1,800

off Somalia
Marines from              16,000

Camp Pendleton, Calif.
Army infantry from        10,000

Fort Drum, N.Y.

Ships off Somalia
Tripoli with helicopters, Marines
Rushmore with helicopters, Marines, medical facilities
Juneau with helicopters, Marines

En route
Merchant ship carrying 600 vehicles - tractors, trailers, trucks and fork lifts;
water purification units, generators, fuel, supplies

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Marty Baumann, USA TODAY, Sources: USA TODAY research,
Associated Press, State Department, Europa World Year Book; Africa 1992; The
International Year Book; Africa; and The World Book Encyclopedia, Stand alone
graphic, Stand alone graphic (Map, Somalia, Pie chart)

MISSION TO SOMALIA

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          November 14, 1991, Thursday

GRAINS ADVANCE ON OPTIMISM OVER EXPORT CREDITS FOR USSR

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 479 words


Grain and soybean markets Wednesday moved higher on continued optimism that the
United States will offer the Soviet Union a credit package to buy U.S. grains.

Expectations that the United States would announce such a package this week has
been a feature of grain futures trading in the past few weeks, analysts aid.

However, many analysts believe the U.S.S.R. probably will not get outright aid
from the United States.

Short-covering and new speculative buying pushed corn and soybeans higher
Wednesday morning on anticipation of an announcement from President Bush on a
grain package to the Soviets that probably would not include aid money.

Wheat futures also were lifted by a slight cut in U.S. wheat stocks at the end
of the crop year stocks seen in Tuesday's U.S. Department of Agriculture crop
report.

However, both the USDA's monthly supply and demand and crop production reports
contained no bearish surprises.

Initial market bullishness followed a report in the Chicago Tribune Wednesday
morning that the president would announce $ 1.5 billion in credits and $ 500
million in food aid and medical assistance, which was denied by the Bush
administration later in the day.

The White House is seen likely to wait for the return of Richard Crowder,
agriculture undersecretary, from a visit to the U.S.S.R. before making a final
decision on credits. However, the size of the package mentioned cited by the
newspaper story is somewhat higher than the $ 1 billion the grains market has
been anticipating.

Meanwhile, the USDA's supply/demand report for U.S. 1991-92 wheat was deemed
slightly bullish because of tighter ending stocks. Some initial support was
offset by the USDA's increase in U.S. 1991 corn and soybean production.

The USDA placed U.S. 1991-92 wheat ending stocks at 514 million bushels next
October, down from its October estimate of 531 million and at the lowest level
in several years. Stocks in 1990 stood at 866 million bushels.

Wheat market support also reflected reports of additional moisture forecast this
week for hard red winter wheat areas, which is expected to weigh on deterred
futures contracts.

Overall tight wheat stocks in the United States will continue to prop up the
December 1991 wheat futures contract relative to the March contract, but there
is no indication that the nearby monthly will surge to a significant premium,
said John Kleist, director of research for Merchants Trading Co.

The ability of December futures to continue trading firm compared with March
this year is consistent with previous years of very low wheat stocks and heavy
government subsidies of U.S. wheat exports, he said.

About 80 percent to 85 percent of U.S. wheat exports now are subsidized by the
government. The USDA is likely to continue chipping away at its 1991-92 U.S.
wheat ending stocks estimate, Mr. Kleist said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                  Hart Health

                                4320 S 131st Pl
                               Tukwila,  WA 98168
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 206-242-8228
URL: http://www.normed.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/NorMed
https://plus.google.com/106859778205686781422/posts
https://twitter.com/NorMedInc

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 12725935

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Hart Health is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on First Aid,
First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Tourniquets, Packaging, and 5 other Product
& Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Hart Health does business in the
Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 20 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Hart Health has at least 3 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "National distributor and
manufacturer of first aid supplies and medical supplies including first aid kits
and bandages. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Other Miscellaneous
Nondurable Goods Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81141108
SIC CODES:
36480000
CAGE CODES:
4V412
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Benzalkonium Chloride
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Calcium Carbonate
     ·    Calcium Gluconate
     ·    Cellophane
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Flexible Foam
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Isopropyl Alcohol
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    Polystyrene
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Sodium Chloride
     ·    Sponge Rubber
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Small Disadvantaged Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acetaminophen, Acid, Activated Charcoal, Adhesive
Tapes, Aerosol Cans, Aerosols, Alcohol, Ammonium, Ampules, Analgesics, Aneroids,
Anesthetics, Antacids, Anti-Vibration Gloves, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials,
Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Bacitracin, Backpacks, Benzalkonium Chloride,
Bladders, Bouffant Caps, Braces, Briefcases, Buckles, Bulbs, Burn Kits, Calcium,
Calcium Carbonate, Calcium Gluconate, Canisters, Caplets, Cardboard, Cardboard
Boxes, Cartridges, Catheters, Cellophane, Cellulose, Charcoal, Cleaners, Cloth,
Compounds, Containers, Contaminants, Cord, Cotton, Cotton Balls, Cotton Swabs,
Coupons, Coveralls, Coverlets, Crutch Hand Grips, Crutches, Cuffs, Desks,
Diagnostic Instruments, Disinfectants, Dividers, Drawers, Enamels, Extractors,
Face Masks, Face Shields, Feet, Filaments, Filters, First Aid, First Aid
Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flats, Flexible Foam, Foam Pads,
Furniture, Gaskets, Gels, Glass, Gold, Gowns, Guards, Guides, Hanging Brackets,
Hearing Protection, Helmets, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Inflatables, Isopropyl
Alcohol, Jars, Lasers, Lens Cleaners, Lift Gates, Lifts, Lights, Luers,
Magnifiers, Mailing Lists, Mannequins, Masks, Measures, Metal Boxes, Metal
Cabinets, Molds, Mountings, Muscle Relaxants, Neoprene, Nipples, Nitriles,
Nylon, Nylon Bags, Ointments, Oxygen, Oxygen Regulators, Packaging, Panels,
Paper Products, Patches, Permanent Magnets, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals,
Pillows, Pills, Pins, Plastic Baskets, Plastic Bottles, Plastic Boxes, Plastics,
Poles, Polyethylene, Polypropylene, Polystyrene, Posts, Prescription Drugs,
Rails, Reagents, Removers, Respirators, Restraints, Rings, Rubber, Safety Glass,
Safety Glasses, Salt, Scoops, Scrapers, Sheets, Sodium, Sodium Chloride,
Solutions, Sphygmomanometers, Sponge Rubber, Spray Bottles, Sprays, Stainless
Steel, Starters, Steel, Steel Boxes, Stethoscopes, Suspensions, Swabs, Syringes,
Tables, Tablets, Teas, Therapeutic Support Gloves, Thermometers, Tourniquets,
Towelettes, Towels, Tubs, Vending Machines, Vinyl Pouches, Wheelchairs, Wire,
Wool, X-Ray, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 15, 2013 Monday
                                 First EDITION

Closing a gap at farmers markets;
Many slow to adopt technology to serve recipients of food aid

BYLINE: Meghan Hoyer, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 755 words


Getting healthy food to low-income households and children is a priority for
first lady Michelle Obama, but red tape, suspicion and a lack of manpower have
kept many farmers from selling fresh fruits and vegetables to thousands who need
them most.

Last year, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced a $4 million
initiative to bridge what is often the biggest divide between farmers markets
and recipients of aid from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, the
successor to the federal food stamp program: the lack of technology at many
markets. SNAP uses electronic debit cards, so if a market can't accept credit
cards, it can't process SNAP purchases.

Despite the $4 million the USDA has pledged to get markets wireless debit card
machines, few markets have accepted the offer. By the time the program was
supposed to be wrapping up in late February, only $263,900 had been spent.

The issue comes at a time when proposed cuts to the overall food assistance
program are under debate in Congress. The House of Representatives last week
dropped food vouchers from a farm bill that traditionally has combined aid to
rural farms and food-buying assistance to the poor. Before the food aid was
stripped from the farm bill, a proposed 3% cut was under consideration. House
Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Va., said Republicans would "act with dispatch"
to get a food stamp bill to the House floor.

Today, of the nearly 8,000 farmers markets in the USA, fewer than half accept
food-voucher payments. At the same time, SNAP has grown significantly in recent
years -- more than one in seven Americans now receive government help to buy
food.

The number of direct-sales farms and farmers markets who accept SNAP has
quintupled -- rising from 750 to 3,824 -- over the past five years. But
officials say they need to do better.

"Our goal is to close the gap," said Kevin Concannon, undersecretary for Food,
Nutrition and Consumer Services at the USDA. "Low-income folks will often buy
foods that are calorie-dense. We want to try to nudge them in the direction of
farmers markets and purchasing healthy, less-processed foods. This is part of
that strategy."

Concannon acknowledged the agency started the process late, offering the
equipment last May, just as markets ramped up for the busiest part of their
season. Jan Walters, a member of the Farmers Market Coalition board who oversees
a national task force on SNAP, said some states didn't have the personnel or
administrative ability to promote the program and disburse the money.

Farmers said the paperwork and fees associated with the card machines, which
also accept bank debit and credit cards, often were too much, she said. Seven
states -- Arizona, Idaho, Iowa, Nevada, New Hampshire, Oklahoma and Pennsylvania
-- declined the funding outright.

Pennsylvania turned down nearly $180,000 because an earlier 2010 federal grant
left the state with a surplus of card-reading machines and not enough interest
from markets in using them. Sixty-seven machines are still available free to
qualified farmers markets across the state, said Donna Morgan, a spokeswoman for
the Department of Public Welfare.

"The people who use it, they say they like it," she said.

In May, USDA officials announced they were expanding the program so individual
farmers could apply for the machines. That, coupled with educational seminars
and a push on state departments to use the money, has made it more successful,
Concannon said. In the past two months, 330 new markets and farmers have signed
on.

He said the agency hopes to expand the funding and the program to help farmers
complete paperwork and get enrolled.

In the Paso del Norte region of Texas and New Mexico, La Semilla Food Center, a
non-profit that advocates healthful eating and supporting local agriculture, has
helped two New Mexico farmers markets this year get grants and complete the
paperwork to become approved to accept SNAP. El Paso's downtown market is on
track to join them later this year.

Aaron Sharratt, the organization's founder, said fast-food restaurants make up
half the eateries in the area. According to the Texas Department of State Health
Services, more than 73% of adults in the area say they don't eat enough fruits
and vegetables. Federal data show that low-income families eat less nutritious
food than the general population.

"The border region is pretty notorious for a lack of veggies and fruit in the
diet," Sharratt said, "but the interest and desire -- I think it's there."

Contributing: The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                          September 22, 2012 Saturday

'It's great to put farming up front'

BYLINE: By KARA SAVIDGE For The Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1059 words


Bonnie Wenger knows firsthand what it's like to earn a livelihood on a family
farm.

Wen-Crest Farms in South Lebanon Township has been in her husband's family for
three generations. Wenger, who doesn't come from a farming background herself,
said that after she married and began depending on the farm to earn a living,
she realized the depth of work that goes into the job.

And she hopes those attending the 25th Farm Aid concert, held Saturday at
Hersheypark Stadium, come away from it with that same appreciation and awareness
that she now has - but without the extensive hands-on farming experience.

"We have wonderful resources and farmers here, many who are generations into it,
such as us or any of our neighbors - they understand the land and the process of
how it works," Wenger said. "They're educated on it, and we have the best
opportunity to provide food for our country with the farmers we have now."

* * *

At Farm Aid, big names like Willie Nelson, Neil Young, John Mellencamp and Dave
Matthews, all of whom sit on the FarmAid board of directors, speak out for
small, family farms across the country, according to the website, farmaid.org.

Since the first festival in Champaign, Ill., in 1985, Farm Aid, a nonprofit, has
raised more than $40 million.

Some of that money has gone to helping farmers in need. In 2011, through its
grant program, Farm Aid distributed more than $300,000 to 42 farms and rural
service organizations across the country to bolster their operations and
efforts. Some money is used to provide resources for farms dealing with the
aftermath of natural disasters, like droughts and floods.

Past Farm Aids have been held in Texas, Indiana and other Midwestern states.
This is the second Pennsylvania festival - the last was in 2002 in Burgettstown,
Washington County.

Other funds are used to continue to spread Farm Aid's message, the "Good Food
Movement," and the idea of buying food directly from farmers, farmers markets or
community-supported agriculture operations. Concert concessions in Hershey were
local, too, like chicken and fries from Bell & Evans in Fredericksburg and
bologna sandwiches from Breakaway Farms in Mount Joy, Lancaster County.

The artists were not the only forum used to spread the message. The "HOMEGROWN
Village" hosted interviews with farmers and more than 30 exhibits on topics
ranging from composting to GMOs, genetically modified organisms.

* * *

Wenger said she likes Farm Aid's educational aspect and its potential to shine a
light on the farmers' importance to the area. Her own efforts, though on a
smaller-scale, work toward similar goals of agricultural education.

When not tending to her 2,000-acre farm or six poultry houses, she invites the
community to strap on some boots, visit her farm and learn more about what the
occupation entails.

As a member of the Lebanon County Chamber of Commerce's Farm-City committee,
Wenger works to organize the annual Farm-City exchange - an event that
transplants a local businessperson or politician onto a family farm, and vice
versa, in order to help each better understand the other's job.

In its 2007 comprehensive plan, the Lebanon County Planning Commission said that
agriculture claimed 42.7 percent, or 99,996 acres, of the county's land use. The
2007 Census of Agriculture recorded 1,193 farms in the county, up from 1,104 in
2002, though the number of acres of farmland also decreased slightly in that
time.

"One of the biggest things central Pa. has going for it is agriculture," Wenger
said, pointing to the infrastructure that it takes to support the many family
farms and large local dairy operations like feed mills, farm machinery companies
and local livestock auctions. "Those are the things that farmers need to support
operations in central Pa."

* * *

Farm Aid is also about fostering relationships between local farmers and
consumers. For Phil Stober, owner of Bare Foot Organics at Greystone Farm in
West Cornwall Township, allowing people to see exactly where their food is
coming from is a big deal.

Stober, like Wenger, came to farming later in life, after a 25-year stint in
sports marketing. In 2007, he and his wife, Barbara Vintaza, purchased and
restored the 176-year-old, 17-acre Greystone Farm, which had fallen into neglect
in the late 1990s. They started out as an eight-member farming cooperative known
as a CSA, a community supported agriculture site, that allows consumers to
invest in their food by literally purchasing stock in the crop before it's
grown, then reaping whatever is sown that season.

"It's a concept a lot of people are embracing," Stober said. "There's a lot of
fear in the market of not knowing where food comes from and what's in it, and
we're very transparent. In a world where there's not a lot of control over a lot
of things, what you put into your system and what you eat is the most important
thing you do every day."

Stober used this reasoning, in part, to explain the CSA's "exponential growth."

This year, the farm serves 175 families and transporting food as far as New York
and Philadelphia. Bare Foot Organics is a certified organic operation in part
because of the credibility lent by the label, the "importance of sustainability
for future generations" and, Stober said, to provide one of the few sources of
organic, locally grown produce in Lebanon.

Stober pointed to issues like land use and the decline of the amount of farmland
throughout the country. He noted the sustainability problems that arise in the
nature of large, commercial monoculture farms and in consuming food that is
often grown and flown from across the country.

His views on big-business agriculture align well with Farm Aid's agenda. With so
many challenges facing family farmers, helping the public to become more aware
of the farm-to-table process is a big step, he said.

Stober acknowledged the value of a large event that simultaneously entertains
and works to make people aware of the choices they have before they go out
grocery shopping.

"It's great to put farming up front. That's why Farm Aid is important," he said.
"People take it for granted that everything we touch, everything we eat, someone
has grown or raised, and it's difficult work. But the great news is more people
are understanding it, more people are supporting it by purchasing it, and that's
how people can effect change - with their pocketbook."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kraig and Meranda Sellers stand with their family at their farm on
South White Oak Street in South Annville Township. Through the Lebanon Valley
Chamber of Commerce, the couple will hold an open house at their farm on Oct.
14. The tour will precede the Chamber s annual Farm-City exchange banquet on
Nov. 8.
Colin Row, left, and Phil Stober, owner of Bare Foot Organics at Greystone Farm,
take a break from a day of work. Through running the farming cooperative in West
Cornwall Township, Stober supports the message that Farm Aid brings.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                    Soft-Aid

                                  271 Salem St
                                     Unit G
                               Woburn,  MA 01801
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 781-569-0410
URL: http://www.aid.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 35754753

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Soft-Aid is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on Business
Cases, Guides, Hardware, Patches, Solutions, and 15 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Soft-Aid does business in the Agriculture,
Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as 21 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Soft-Aid has at least 3 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Iron and Steel Mills and
Ferroalloy Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
87210000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Business Cases
     ·    Guides
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Patches
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Transitions
     ·    Printer Drivers


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Guides
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Posters
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Computer Servers
     ·    Desktop Computers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Business Services
     ·    Laundry Services
     ·    Outsourcing Services
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Gold


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Backgrounds, Briefs, Brochures, Business Cases,
Business Services, Calculators, Cement, Channels, Computer Hardware, Computer
Monitors, Computer Servers, Consumer Electronics, Controllers, Cornerstones,
Crystal, Decks, Derails, Desks, Desktop Computers, Elements, Folders, General
Tools, Globes, Gold, Guards, Guides, Hardware, Laundry Services, Lights, Log
Homes, Measures, Mechanisms, Network Devices, Outsourcing Services, Overalls,
Packaging, Patches, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Platforms,
Posters, Posts, Primers, Printer Drivers, Printers, Profiles, Quick Links,
Ramps, Registers, Retainers, Scales, Scopes, Sheds, Silos, Solutions, Springs,
Strategic Planning, Tables, Tags, Telephones, Terminations, Testers, Thread,
Traffic Lights, Transitions, Warning Signs, Workstations

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                           Spenco Medical Corporation

                                6301 Imperial Dr
                                Waco,  TX 76712
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 817-772-6000
URL: http://www.spenco.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/SpencoMedical
http://www.youtube.com/user/SpencoMedical
https://twitter.com/SpencoMedical

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 12341528

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Spenco Medical Corporation is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Landscaping, Woodworking, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Spenco Medical Corporation does business in the Agriculture,
Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 17 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Spenco Medical Corporation has at least 2 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Spenco brand insoles and
footwear feel great. Medically researched. Biomechanically engineered. Supports
and relieves foot ailments such as plantar fasciitis. Spenco is the brand you
need when choosing an insole or footwear to ensure you have comfort, support or
relief from common foot ailments."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33911300
SIC CODES:
38420000
CAGE CODES:
56220
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Woodworking


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Machining
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Carbon
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gels
     ·    Hardwood
     ·    Ice
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Pewter
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    Polyurethane Foam
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Adhesive Film, Angles, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Athletic
Shoes, Basketballs, Beds, Bindings, Blisters, Boots, Bumper Stickers, Burners,
Canvas, Capes, Carbon, Chairs, Charcoal, Charms, Cleaners, Closeouts, Cloth,
Columbium, Containers, Cork, Corks, Cornerstones, Cotton, Cradles, Cushions,
Domes, Dresses, Elements, Feet, Felt, Fiber, Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flares, Flats, Foam Pads, Footwear, Forming, Gels, Glue, Grids, Guides,
Hardwood, Ice, Insoles, Jeans, Jerseys, Landscaping, Leather, Lifts, Lights,
Linings, Lugs, Mattresses, Molds, Motion Controls, Mulch, Neoprene, Nitriles,
Non-Woven Fabrics, Nylon, Overalls, Padding, Panels, Pewter, Pillows, Planters,
Plastics, Platforms, Polyester, Polyester Fabrics, Polyurethane, Polyurethane
Foam, Positioners, Posts, Pullers, Purses, Rims, Rubber, Seats, Shears, Sheets,
Shoes, Silicone, Silicone Coatings, Silicones, Silver, Skis, Slippers, Socks,
Solutions, Springs, Steel, Stickers, Targets, Tongs, Towels, Trim, Trimmings,
Trophies, Wear Shoes, Wheelchairs, Woodworking, Work Shoes

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     November 5, 2002 Tuesday Final Edition

'Gay sheep' brains are different, study reveals: Human connection still
debatable, researcher says

SOURCE: Reuters

BYLINE: Maggie Fox

SECTION: News; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Gay sheep that mate only with other rams have different brain
structures from "straight" sheep, a finding that may shed light on human
sexuality, U.S. researchers said yesterday.

The differences are similar to those seen in some homosexual humans, but
probably only go a small way toward explaining the causes of sexual preferences,
the team at Oregon Health & Science University said.

"We are not trying to explain human sexuality by this study," Charles Roselli, a
professor of physiology and pharmacology who led the study, said. "Whether this
is a big component of what contributes in humans, that's still debatable."

Working with a team at the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Sheep Experiment
Station in Dubois, Idaho, Mr. Roselli's team studied 27 sheep -- 10 ewes, nine
rams that mated only with other rams and eight rams that mated only with
females. The "gay" sheep are strongly homosexual, Mr. Roselli said.

First the scientists watched the sheep to be sure of their behaviour. Then they
took apart their brains.

"There had been reports in humans that a certain area of the hypothalamus, the
pre-optic area ... was usually larger in males than females," Mr. Roselli said.

This area was also found to be larger in heterosexual humans than in homosexual
men.

But the researchers had used the brains of men who had died of AIDS in their
study, which meant the disease or drugs used to treat it could have had an
effect on the brain.

The sheep had similar differences in their brains, the researchers told a
meeting in Orlando, Florida, of the Society for Neuroscience.

"In a sense we confirmed what been found in humans," Mr. Roselli said.

Mr. Roselli believes exposure to hormones while in the mother's womb may affect
the brain and cause differences in sexual preference.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday

County gets drought relief

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


Wednesday November 3, 2010

BRATTLEBORO -- The United States Department of Agriculture has approved Windham
County's request for assistance for farmers affected by last summer's drought.

Farmers in the county who suffered losses due to the dry weather in August and
September will be eligible for aid under the Emergency Conservation Program, and
can ask for help to pay for well construction and pipeline upgrades.

Southeastern Vermont saw the driest conditions in the state during the middle of
the summer when the region was under moderate drought conditions for about six
weeks.

Rainfall in Windham County was between two and three inches below normal,
according to weather data.

Julie Jacque, executive director for USDA's Windham County Farm Service Agency,
said the office applied for the aid after talking with dairy and vegetable
farmers who were forced to drill emergency wells during the height of the
drought.

"Any farmer that ran out of water should call us," Jacque said. "Our request for
aid was approved based on the data we provided and anyone who had difficulties
this summer should give us a call."

With the national USDA office determining that the county is eligible for aid,
farmers are now being encouraged to contact the local office to apply for
assistance.

About a dozen farms so far have reported resorting to emergency actions due to
the drought.

Changes to the most recent farm bill now require farmers to hold crop insurance
before receiving federal aid. The Brattleboro Farm Service Agency office is
holding a workshop on Friday, Nov. 5, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Marlboro
College Graduate Center.

The new requirement cuts down on the amount of time states have to wait for
disaster relief, but only farmers that have crop insurance in place prior to an
event are eligible for the federal help.

Jacque said the session is being held to let local farmers know about the
changes in federal farm policy before a disaster happens that leaves them
unprotected.

"We are trying to make sure farmers have appropriate risk protection, whatever
happens next summer," Jacque said.

Applications for the assistance will be accepted until Dec. 24.

For information contact the Farm Service Agency office at 802-254-9766 ext. 2.

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reform-er.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA 2013 Food Assistance Programs to Benefit More Than 10.5 Million
Worldwide

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced that the fiscal year
2013 Food for Progress and McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and
Child Nutrition allocations (see charts below) will benefit more than 10.5
million people worldwide.

"The United States is committed to achieving global food security and supporting
sustainable agricultural production," said Tom Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture
. "In addition to providing much-needed nutritious food, USDA's food assistance
programs also foster economic growth in the recipient countries."

Under the programs, USDA purchases U.S. commodities and donates them to
government agencies and private-voluntary organizations in targeted countries.
Food for Progress recipients in developing countries and emerging democracies
sell the commodities and use the funds to introduce and expand free enterprise
in the agricultural sector.

For example, a Food for Progress project in Mozambique supports dairy farmers'
efforts to improve herd management practices, and increase both the volume and
quality of milk. The project also helps dairy cooperatives collect, store,
process, and market milk efficiently. This project benefits 27,000 agricultural
producers and 3,000 businesses.

The McGovern-Dole Program focuses on low-income, food-deficit countries that are
committed to universal education. Participants either use or sell the donated
U.S. commodities to support education, child development and food security. For
example, in Kenya, more than 650,000 children in approximately 2,000 schools
have been fed with help from the program.

The commodities that USDA is donating include U.S.-produced bulgur, corn,
corn-soy blend, dehydrated potato flakes, lentils, pinto beans, rice, split
yellow peas, sorghum, soybean meal, soybean oil, vegetable oil and wheat.

USDA's Foreign Agricultural Service administers both the Food for Progress and
McGovern-Dole programs. More information can be found at: www.fas.usda.gov/food-
aid.asp. USDA's food aid programs contribute to the goals of President Obama's
global hunger and food security initiative, Feed the Future. Feed the Future is
part of a multilateral effort to accelerate progress toward the Millennium
Development Goal of halving the number of people living in extreme poverty and
suffering from hunger by 2015. More information on Feed the Future can be found
at: www.feedthefuture.gov.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. For example, more than $23
million was cut from this year's food aid allocations due to sequestration. USDA
has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

DRY PASTURES: Vela continues to push for Mexico to release water

BYLINE: Allen Essex, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


April 05--Efforts to pass a farm bill in Congress have been frustrating for
Republicans as well as Democrats, U.S. Rep. Filemon Vela told Willacy County
farmers and ranchers Thursday.

Frustrations over the ongoing drought have underscored economic woes, making red
tape with federal agencies and changing agricultural markets much worse, local
growers told Vela, D-Brownsville, in a meeting here.

Vela said farm disaster relief programs are stalled due to the sequester's
effects on funding and the efforts of the House Agriculture Committee to pass a
new farm bill last year were stymied.

After taking office only 2 1/2 months ago, Vela said he quickly learned his top
priority in Washington must be to get action to compel Mexico to release at
least some of the water it owes under a 1944 treaty to avert a total
agricultural disaster in the 11 counties he represents in South Texas.

"What is exacerbating the (drought) problem is the country of Mexico is not
fulfilling its obligations under the 1944 water treaty," Vela said. "Along with
other congressional members along the border, we've been having meetings with
the State Department and the International Boundary and Water Commission, in
coordination with the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality.

"I finally got very, very frustrated and I had to let the State Department
know," he said. "Under that treaty, Mexico is obligated to deliver 350,000
acre-feet of water per year and we're two and a half years into a five-year
cycle and they're about 400,000 acre-feet short. We're doing everything we can
to get Mexico to live up to its obligations."

U.S. federal agencies are doing everything they can to help farmers and
ranchers, but the sequestration has limited funding, Vela said. Also, the
inability to pass a farm bill has stymied efforts to provide aid, he said.

The House Agriculture Committee did a lot of hard work to come up with a new
farm bill last year, Vela said.

"It was the only committee in the House of Representatives to forward a
five-year reauthorization to committee, but it never made it out," Vela said.
"The speaker of the House threw it back. ... What we did is extend the farm bill
for one more year ... We hope to get that back very shortly."

"In the meantime, we have good people in our federal agencies who are here to
help."

Some federal farm programs are currently unfunded but some aid should be
available soon, Vela said.

Programs that could aid drought-stricken farmers and ranchers expired in 2011,
said Anastacio Cavazos Jr., county executive director of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

"So we're kind of caught in a bind," Cavazos said. "As soon as we can start
making (disaster aid) payments we want to get those payments out to you. The
next payments will come out in October and, don't be surprised if those are cut
slightly."

What can help farmers and ranchers now is that Willacy County was declared a
disaster area in January and that makes emergency- and long-term farm loans
available, Cavazos said.

"I know that's not what you want to hear," he told the farmers and ranchers in
the audience.

"Our only hope is to get a good farm bill passed," Cavazos said. "We want to get
a good farm bill in place for the next crop year."

Vela said he is well aware of the importance of agriculture in the 11 counties
he represents, an area that normally has $2.4 billion in annual agricultural
output.

During a question-and-answer session:

n Retired veterinarian Martin Garcia, who has a farm and ranch north of
Raymondville, asked if payments will resume for the Non-Insured Agriculture
Program. He grows native pasture for cattle, but it isn't possible to buy crop
insurance for that. Cavazos said that, once funding is restored for that
program, another full crop year would have to take place before claims could be
processed.

Mark Brown, a local insurance agent, said Congress needs to keep crop insurance
programs in place. Farmers are in desperate circumstances because of the drought
and, without crop insurance, many will be devastated.

aessex@valleystar.com

___ (c)2013 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130405-HR-DRY-PASTURES-Vela-continues-to-push-for-Mexico-to-release-water-0405
-20130405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2013 Valley Morning Star


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $6 Million to Aid Fire-Affected Farmers and Ranchers
in Midwest

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is announcing the availability of
more than $6 million in funding to implement practices that will help private
farmers, ranchers and forest landowners affected by the wildfires blazing in
Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas.





 "We have seen the devastating effects of these wildfires on agricultural
operations and the funding announced today can help communities of farmers and
ranchers start the process of recovery," said Acting Deputy Agriculture
Secretary Michael Young. "USDA is here to offer assistance, and I encourage
producers who experienced losses to take full advantage of our financial and
technical assistance to aid in their recovery efforts and alleviate part of the
financial burden caused by these tragic events."



 The funding, made available by the USDA's Natural Resources Conservation
Service (NRCS) through the Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP), will
assist local producers as they begin to restore scorched grazing land, rebuild
fencing, protect damaged watersheds, and implement various conservation measures
to mitigate losses.



 EQIP is a voluntary program that provides financial and technical assistance to
agricultural producers to help plan and implement conservation practices that
address priority local and state resource concerns. Producers must submit a
complete program application, establish "farm records", and other documentation
to support eligibility to be considered for financial assistance through EQIP.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            October 14, 1974, Monday

SECTION: Page 19, Column 1

LENGTH: 184 words

Fed Dist Ct Judge Miles Lord orders Agr Dept to spend nearly $280-million of '73
funds on food stamp program instead of returning money to Treas Dept. Rules that
dept and Agr Sec Butz have violated law when they refused to spend money Cong
has appropriated for food stamps.  Holds that Butz and dept have failed to
implement Food Stamp Act's 'outreach' requirement for development of program to
inform low-income families of rights to food relief.  Food Research and Action
Center of NY dir Ronald Pollack calls ruling most important 'anti-hunger
decision that's come down'.  Says that some 37-million people are eligible for
food stamps but only 14-million are receiving them.  Food Research and
Minneapolis Legal Aid Soc brought suit on behalf of Natl Welfare Rights Orgn and
3 plaintiffs residing in Minn.  Lord says many states delayed more than 2 yrs
submission of outreach plans.  Directs Butz and staff to reassess existing plans
and implementation of plans by states to see if they are consistent with Food
Stamp Act requirement.  Butz is to submit rept of finding within 60 days to Lord
(M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 287-7

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                           Midwestern Engineers, Inc.

                               802 W Broadway St
                              Loogootee,  IN 47553
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 812-295-2800
URL: http://www.midwesterneng.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/
https://twitter.com/midwesterneng

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 5473658

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Midwestern Engineers, Inc. is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on First
Aid, First Aid Kits, Landscaping, Testing Services, and 4 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Midwestern Engineers, Inc. does
business in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as
27 other major Manufacturing Industries. Midwestern Engineers, Inc. has at least
2 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Midwestern Engineers, Inc. : : Loogootee, Indiana : : Indianapolis, Indiana"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Engineering Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54133000
SIC CODES:
87110000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Mining
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Activated Carbon
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Anthracite
     ·    Biochemicals
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Cast Iron
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Coal
     ·    Gases
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Sulfide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Manganese
     ·    Marble
     ·    Methane
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Nitrogen Gas
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Potassium Permanganate
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silica
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sulfides


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Centrifuges
     ·    Grinders
     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acid, Activated Carbon, Activated Sludge, Additives, Aerators,
Ammonium, Analyzers, Anthracite, Auctions, Barns, Beds, Benches, Bicycles,
Biochemicals, Biologicals, Boosters, Briefs, Butt, Cabs, Cakes, Calendars,
Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Cash Registers, Cast Iron, Cast Iron Pipe, Centrifuges,
Ceramics, Channels, Chemicals, Chimneys, Chlorine, Cisterns, Clarifiers,
Cleaners, Coal, Collector Wells, Collectors, Compounds, Control Valves,
Culverts, Defibrillators, Drying Systems, Effluent, Elements, Erosion Controls,
Faucets, Feeds, Feet, Felt, Filters, Fire Alarms, Fire Hydrants, First Aid,
First Aid Kits, Flags, Flats, Footballs, Forks, Forming, Fountains, Games,
Gases, Gate Valves, Generators, Governors, Grasses, Grates, Gravel, Grinders,
Groundwater, Grout, Hardware, Hats, Headers, Helmets, Hydrogen, Hydrogen
Sulfide, Ice, Injectors, Intakes, Iron, Iron Pipe, Isolation Valves, Jugs,
Landscaping, Lifts, Lighting, Lights, Lime, Linings, Machinery, Manganese, Map
Displays, Marble, Measures, Mechanical Devices, Mechanisms, Membrane Filters,
Methane, Mufflers, Nitrogen, Nitrogen Gas, Nuclear Power, Nuclear Power Plants,
Organic, Overalls, Oxygen, Paddles, Paper Wrappers, Pass Throughs, Pedestals,
Pesticides, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Photography, Pictures, Piping,
Plastic Bottles, Plastics, Polymers, Potassium, Potassium Permanganate, Power
Plants, Pressure Filters, Profiles, Pump Stations, PVC, PVC Pipe, Radios,
Railroads, Rails, Receivers, Registers, Roof Drains, Rubber, Salt, Sand Filters,
Sandpaper, Scopes, Scrapers, Seats, Sheets, Shelters, Shotguns, Silica, Silica
Sand, Skimmers, Sodium, Solutions, Springs, Standpipes, Steel, Storage
Buildings, Submersible Pumps, Submersibles, Sulfides, Sump Pumps, Swimming
Pools, Tables, Telephones, Temperature Controls, Testing Services, Thin Films,
Torches, Towers, Tractors, Transmissions, Ultrafiltration Membranes,
Ultraviolet, Vacuum Systems, Walkways, Wall Tile, Wastewater Treatment, Water
Columns, Water Supply Systems, Wellheads, Wheelbarrows, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 18, 2009 Friday
                                  All Editions

FEEDING THE NEEDY

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 465 words


In Maine and throughout the nation, food stamp use is soaring as unemployment
and home mortgage foreclosures continue to mount. Participation in Maine reached
222,261, or one Mainer in seven as of Dec. 1. Nationally, there are more than 36
million users.

The program grew out of a plan in 1939 in the midst of the Great Depression to
use farm surplus crops to feed the hungry. It reached 20 million people in half
the counties of the United States. Still, many felt embarrassment at presenting
the coupons at grocery counters.

The Bush administration acted to remove whatever stigma was attached to using
food stamps. It called the program "nutritional aid" instead of welfare and
substituted inconspicuous plastic cards, much like ordinary debit cards, for the
old coupons. The food stamp program has now been renamed the U.S. Supplemental
Nutritional Assistance Program or SNAP. Maine calls it simply the Food
Supplement Program.

A recent report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture showed that state-by-state
participation rates varied widely, from 47 percent of eligible persons to 100
percent in Missouri. Maine, usually near the top with 94 to 97 percent
participation, is now in second place.

Officials attribute such a high rate in Maine to the state's one-stop system of
applying for various benefits. To apply for the supplemental food aid, all it
takes is a visit or telephone call to the local Department of Health and Human
Services Office of Integrated Access and Support. After an interview to
determine the level of eligibility, and after verification of details, a
contract will be presented to the applicant for signature and the aid can begin
within 30 days. In an emergency, the assistance may start within seven days.

The program was once highly controversial with claims of fraud and waste. But
the Government Accountability Office found n 2004 that only 4.5 percent of food
stamp benefits were overpaid and that two-thirds of the overpayments were the
fault of caseworkers, not individual recipients.

While both national and Maine state officials describe the program as promoting
a nutritious diet, the evidence is mixed on this point. A federal government
study is said to have concluded that recipients are more likely than other
low-income consumers to buy fruit, vegetables and other healthful foods. But the
supplemental plan does not bar such items a fries, doughnuts and sweetened soft
drinks.

A 222-pound, 6-foot-3 reporter for CNN lived for a month last winter on the $176
that a food-stamp recipient could get in Louisiana. He said that he had eaten
pretty well and noticed that, while fruit and vegetables are expensive, a pizza
would have cost three times as much.

With increasing numbers of people relying on SNAP, improving its nutritional
benefits is overdue.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 23, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WETLANDS INVITATION MIGHT GET TOO MANY TAKERS

BYLINE: Robert L. Koenig Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1174 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A federal program to pay Midwestern farmers to turn about 15,000 acres of
flooded cropland into wetlands could end up being swamped with aid requests it
cannot meet.

Federal and state officials said Monday that the program - called the Emergency
Wetlands Reserve Program - is a good way to give farmers an opportunity to
convert flood-damaged acreage to wetlands.

But the $ 15 million of emergency flood-aid money that the Agriculture
Department has set aside for the program is likely to fall far short of what
officials expect to be an unprecedented demand.

"We anticipate that the requests from Midwest farmers will far exceed the money
we have available," said Thomas H. Wehri, the U.S. Soil and Conservation
Service's assistant director for watershed projects. The agency issued
guidelines for the program Monday.

Mike Wells, a Soil Conservation official in Missouri, agreed that because of the
severe damage to many bottomland farms during the Flood of '93, "there are an
awful lot of farmers interested" in the new program, which will take
applications during much of December.

Environmental groups - which have been pushing to convert more acreage along
rivers in the Midwest to wetlands to help lessen future floods - said the Soil
Conservation program is a small step in the right direction.

"It's a few drops in the bucket, compared to what should be done," said Timothy
D. Searchinger, a lawyer and wetlands expert with the Environmental Defense
Fund.

The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says there are about 640,000 acres of
wetlands in Missouri, compared with 4.8 million acres of wetlands in the state
before drainage programs began. In Illinois, only 1.2 million acres of wetlands
survive from the original 8.2 million.

"We estimate that 19 million acres of wetlands have been lost in the Midwest
since the first settlers arrived," said Rick Nelson of the Fish and Wildlife
Service office in Rock Island, Ill. "Adding this new 15,000 acres is helpful but
only a modest step."

Wehri said the 15,000-acre estimate assumed that the Soil and Conservation
Service would spend the $ 15 million that the agency earmarked for the wetlands
program in the agency's $ 60 million in emergency flood-aid money. The wetlands
program is an option for farmers whose land was damaged in Missouri, Illinois,
Iowa and five other flooded states.

James Lyons, the Agriculture Department's assistant secretary for natural
resources, said the wetlands program would be available to landowners when the
cost of reclaiming cropland and repairing farm levees exceeds the cropland's
fair-market value.

Lyons said the Soil and Conservation Service would examine the land to determine
if it is suitable for conversion to wetlands. Among the factors considered: the
land's potential to enhance habitat for migratory birds; its potential to help
expand river floodways; and its proximity to other wetlands.

If cropland qualifies for the program, he said, the agency would buy permanent
"flood easements" from the landowners who volunteer to help restore the property
to wetlands.

At a meeting with local farmers Monday in Monroe County, Ill., Agriculture
Secretary Mike Espy said some national conservation groups were working with his
department to encourage farmers to enroll in the wetlands programs.  When asked
to assess farmers' interest in the program, Espy said: "Some like it."

While the Soil and Conservation Service began pushing the wetlands program, two
legislators from Missouri focused their efforts Monday on getting more federal
aid to rebuild rural levees in Missouri that are ineligible for repair help from
the Army Corps of Engineers.

Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo., said he had told President Bill Clinton at a
meeting at the White House that "we will have a real crisis in Missouri if those
levees aren't repaired" by next year, when more flooding might occur.

Bond said he was not satisfied by the Clinton administration's release Friday of
$ 18 million in flood aid to help repair such ineligible levees. Bond had sought
more than $ 100 million, in addition to the $ 160 million that the corps has to
repair eligible levees.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            December 21, 2009 Monday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

DAIRY FARMERS TO GET U.S. AID;
BILL HELPS ABOUT 150 IN STATE

BYLINE: SHAWN R. BEALS sbeals@courant.com

SECTION: CTNOW; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 332 words


State dairy farmers should be receiving checks before the end of the year from a
pool of emergency aid included in a U.S. Department of Agriculture
appropriations bill.

The bill, passed in October, set aside $290 million for dairy farmers throughout
the country, including about 150 in Connecticut.

U.S. Rep. Joe Courtney, D-2nd District, said that the funds will help struggling
dairy producers while officials pursue a change in the milk pricing system.
Connecticut farmers have for most of the past year been paying more to produce
milk than they can sell it for, and the disparity is steadily causing farms to
go under.

USDA formulas for the aid would give $6,400 to a farm with 100 cows, a spokesman
for Courtney said. The value was determined based on the average production of
100 cows in a year.

Steven Reviczky, director of the Connecticut Farm Bureau, said that the average
herd size in the state is between 100 and 120 cows, so only a few here will be
subject to the cap of 6 million pounds of milk production in a year that is
typically produced by herds of about 250.

"This is huge for us," Reviczky said. "The vast majority will receive an
emergency payment from the USDA, which is just an incredible shot in the arm."

The money will be used to make one-time payments based on the amount of milk an
eligible farm produces.

"Our local dairy farms have faced a crash in prices in 2009, forcing them to
borrow at an unprecedented level. ... I am pleased to announce that help is on
the way," Courtney said. "After fighting for more than a year to bring home some
good news for the dairy industry, the check is in the mail and will provide some
help to struggling dairy farms."

Farmers also got a small boost in August, when agriculture officials approved a
three-month increase in the price that farmers are paid for their milk.

Farm Aid

How much: $290 million nationwide

In Connecticut: About 150 farmers

Aid formula: $6,400 to a farm with 100 cows

Average herd size in Connecticut: 100 to 120 cows

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 24, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Citing a Drought, Pataki Asks Aid

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 25;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 127 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 23


Gov. George E. Pataki has asked for Federal help for farmers in three counties
hit by this year's developing drought.

In a letter to the Agriculture Secretary, Dan Glickman, Governor Pataki said
damage to vegetable and grain crops in Rensselaer, Oneida and Yates counties is
already obvious. He asked for Farmers Home Emergency loans and other help for
farmers in the three counties.

Crops stunted by the dry spring include onions, carrots, alfalfa, hay and oats,
he said.

Things could get worse, the Governor said today.

"It may be necessary to update this request with additional counties as we
receive flash reports indicating damage to vegetable and grain crops caused by
drought conditions during the spring months," he said to Mr. Glickman.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                           Western First Aid & Safety

                               5360 College Blvd
                                    Ste 200
                            Overland Park,  KS 66211
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 866-362-2691
URL: http://www.westernfirstaid.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Western-First-Aid
-and-Safety/105651319487078
http://www.linkedin.com/company/western-first-aid-and-safety
https://twitter.com/WesternFirstAid

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 601920

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Western First Aid & Safety is a supplier focussed on First Aid, Training Videos,
First Aid Kits, Crane Maintenance, Grounding, and 6 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Western First Aid & Safety does business in
the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 20 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Western First Aid & Safety has at least 3
business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Emergency and Other Relief Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
71394000
SIC CODES:
79910000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Training Videos
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Crane Maintenance
     ·    Grounding
     ·    Safety Training Programs


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gases
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Sulfide
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sulfides
     ·    Water Treatment Chemicals


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Glass Cutters


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aerial Lifts, Ammonium, Automotive Brakes, Battery Packs, Bibs,
Boilers, Braces, Brakes, Buttons, Canisters, Capsules, Carbon, Cartridges,
Ceiling Tile, Chemicals, Chisels, Circuit Breakers, Cleaners, Cleaning
Equipment, Columbium, Compasses, Compressed Gas Cylinders, Cord, Crane
Maintenance, Credit Cards, Cuffs, Defibrillators, Dividers, Dump Trucks,
Earplugs, Elements, Emergency Kits, Feet, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid
Kits, Flats, Flooring, Forklifts, Gas Cylinders, Gases, Gels, Glass, Glass
Cutters, Goggles, Gold, Grippers, Grounding, Guards, Guides, Hand Cleaners,
Hearing Protection, Hoists, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Sulfide, Insulation, Lasers,
Lifts, Lighters, Lights, Lime, Loaders, Magnifiers, Masks, Matting, Measures,
Mesh Bags, Nitriles, Nomex, Nylon, Organic, Outerwear, Overalls, Oxygen,
Padlocks, Pencils, Pictures, Pipe Insulation, Plastics, Polyester, Post Office
Boxes, Posts, Powder-Free Gloves, Pressure Vessels, Promotional, PVC, Rainwear,
Respirators, Rubber, Rubber Cord, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Products,
Safety Training Programs, Shelters, Shoring, Signals, Silver, Soap, Solutions,
Springs, Stainless Steel, Steel, Suits, Sulfides, Sunscreens, Tablets, Tags,
Towelettes, Towels, Training Videos, Transmissions, Vans, Vessels, Vests, Vinyl
Film, Vinyl Flooring, Water Treatment Chemicals, Yellows, Zees

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      The Stonewall County Courier (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 26, 2011

Rural Community Facilities Program is a lifeline

BYLINE: Stonewall County Courier staff

LENGTH: 577  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture, known for its drought and disaster
assistance to farmers, is providing hundreds of millions of dollars to
cash-strapped towns and public safety agencies to buy police patrol cars, equip
fire stations and renovate courthouses.

Part of a broad mission directed by the agency's Rural Community Facilities
Program, the mix of grants and loans is offering a lifeline to small communities
across the country that are struggling in a difficult economy.

Since FY 2006, the program has doled out $770million in public safety funding,
including $39million for 1,235 police cars and $120.5million for 1,149
firetrucks, according to department records. Though not widely known outside
rural areas served by the program, the funding is drawing new interest from
financially stressed communities and as traditional sources of public safety aid
-- from the U.S. Justice Department and Department of Homeland Security -- are
being reduced.

"The first time i heard of this program, 1 was surprised," said Seneca Falls, N.
Y., Police Chief Frederick Capozzi, an advocate for the agriculture program.
"You have to be broad-minded when you're looking for money. And we're all
looking for money for training and equipment."

Capozzi, who heads a 13-per-son department, said the agriculture funding is
providing crucial aid to agencies supported by small community tax bases, where
a new firetruck or police car often is a prohibitive expense.

"There are things we just can't afford to buy," said Capozzi, whose own village
government will be largely eliminated in December as part of a cost-savings
move.

The agriculture aid programs are designed to assist communities with populations
of up to 20,000 with a variety of functions specific to rural America.

The programs include loans and grants for more traditional agricultural-oriented
services involving water, drainage and waste systems.

Assistance also is provided for funding "essential community facilities," such
as fire protection and law enforcement services, according to the agency's
program documents.

Police Chief Frederick Capozzi says agriculture funding is crucial to smaller
communities.

Last month, the department announced an extensive package of aid for 15 Texas
communities, including an $8.1 million loan and a $35,000 grant to renovate the
Starr County Courthouse in far south Texas' Rio Grande City.

The largest aid recipient in the package, Port Isabel, was awarded a total of
$26 million in loans for the construction of a jail and law enforcement complex,
along with a visitor and community center.

In addition to "reliable emergency services and equipment," Tammye Trevino, an
Agriculture Department rural administrator, said the projects would likely
create jobs and attract businesses .

Cheryl May, director of the National Center for Rural Law Enforcement, said the
wide range of aid addresses needs specific to rural communities.

May said an agriculture grant helped create the Rural Executive Management
Institute, a roving training program that helps prepare police chiefs and
sheriffs for their roles in rural communities.

"The challenges facing rural agencies are much different than in urban
departments," May said, adding that an estimated 900 officers have cycled
through the institute's training sessions. "There is often little money and a
majority of the agencies are operating with fewer than 10 officers.

"Having this funding available just does a lot of good," May said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 The Stonewall County Courier


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 1, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

AIDS-Like Virus Is Found At High Rate in U.S. Cattle

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 8; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1035 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 31


After four years of research, scientists from the Department of Agriculture have
found that a virus similar in genetic structure to the AIDS virus is more common
in cattle in United States than researchers had anticipated. The scientists say
there is no evidence that the virus can infect people.

The virus, bovine immunodeficiency-like virus, or BIV, is spread through the
blood and is a member of a family of slow-acting viruses that have been shown to
reduce the activity of an animal's immune system. Such immune suppression,
veterinarians said today, can open the way for other infections. The virus,
which was first isolated in 1969, has been shown to cause illness in calves, a
top scientist at the Department of Agriculture said today. Scientists say they
believe that the virus causes immune suppression in adult cattle, but how
powerful it is remains uncertain.

Researchers said much more needs to be found out about the virus to understand
its importance to the $55 billion cattle and dairy industries.

"We will continue to do research on this virus because it will help create a
body of information that may provide a way to reduce the costs of production,"
said Dr. Harry Mussman, the deputy assistant Secretary of Agriculture for
science and education. "It is very important that the public understands that
this is not the AIDS virus. We do not have the AIDS virus in cattle."

Millions Lost to Disease

Dairy and cattle producers now lose hundreds of millions of dollars each year
because sick animals must be culled from their herds. In addition, cattle and
dairy farmers spend $300 million to $500 million for anti-bacterial agents,
antibiotics and other drugs to treat sick animals. The Food and Drug
Administration has sought in the last two years to crack down on the use of such
drugs because some are known carcinogens and residues have been found in meat
and milk, posing a threat to public health. It is uncertain what the findings
about the bovine virus infections will mean for the agency's effort.

Until now, most agricultural experts have attributed the rise in veterinary drug
use to modern husbandry practices in which greater numbers of animals are being
confined in pens and dairy barns. Whether the cattle virus is also related to
the increasing drug use by causing immune suppression in adult cattle has not
yet been studied, scientists said.

"The short-term research conducted so far won't give us an answer," said Dr.
Matthew A. Gonda, a molecular virologist and head of the Laboratory of Cell and
Molecular Structure at the Frederick Cancer Research and Development Center in
Frederick, Md. "We really have to go back and do more research, take fresh
isolates of the virus and put it into more animals and see what happens."

Another important consequence of the research on the cattle virus could be the
effect on American exports of semen, embryos, and breeding stock, a $68
million-a-year industry, according to the Department of Agriculture. European
countries, the major purchasers of American genetic material, are scrupulous
about avoiding the risk of contamination by animal infections.

The bovine immunodeficiency-like virus was first isolated in 1969 by Dr. Martin
J. Van Der Maaten, a veterinarian at the Agriculture Department's National
Animal Disease Center in Ames, Iowa, who found it in a cow's blood serum
collected in Louisiana.

The virus did not receive intense scientific scrutiny until the mid-1980's, when
Dr. Gonda began to study the cattle virus and determined that its genetic
structure was similar to the human AIDS virus. Both viruses have eight genes,
Dr. Gonda said today, and magnified by an electron microscope, they look
remarkably alike.

Prompted by a petition from The Foundation on Economic Trends, a
Washington-based public interest group concerned about the virus's effects on
the farm economy and human health, Dr. Van Der Maaten and his colleagues in Iowa
began a new study in 1987. The research had four goals: to determine how
prevalent the virus was in cattle, see whether it could produce illness in
people, determine if it could cause significant infections in the nation's 99
million dairy and beef cattle and find out how it was spread.

No Human Infection Found

The early research shows that the virus is much more common in cattle than Dr.
Van Der Maaten thought. He and his colleagues in Iowa have identified the virus
in blood serum collected from cattle in Louisiana, Texas, Kansas and Iowa.

Dr. Cecelia A. Whetstone, a microbiologist at the National Animal Disease Center
who was in charge of the studies on human health, said in an interview that the
"potential for human infection from BIV is zero." Laboratory workers who handled
the virus in concentrated form, animal caretakers exposed to the virus and two
workers who accidentally pricked themselves with infected needles are regularly
tested for antibodies to the virus. The tests showed none of the workers had
been infected.

There is circumstantial evidence that the cattle virus may be causing production
problems in some herds. Dr. Van Der Maaten noted that dairy herds he has
examined that had more illness from common diseases also had more cows infected
with the virus than herds that were performing well. "We need a sound
statistical study nationwide to help us understand what this could mean," he
said.

Dr. Van Der Maaten and his colleagues also determined that the virus is spread
in cattle through blood. Farmers could prevent infections from spreading by
taking greater precautions in how they handle their animals. Using the same
needle to draw blood or administer veterinary drugs on 60 or 70 animals is one
way to spread the virus in a herd, he said.

The Foundation on Economic Trends today filed a formal petition with the
Department of Agriculture asking the Government to take immediate steps to
quarantine infected cattle, and accelerate the pace of research.

Al Strating, a director in the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, the
Agriculture Department division that orders quarantines, said the Government had
no plans for a nationwide program to quarantine or cull infected cattle.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 16, 1990, Friday, FIRST EDITION

PHONY HIV TESTS

BYLINE: Paul Leavitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 244 words


Prosecutors in Jacksonville, Fla., filed 14 charges against Tammy Lynn
Esckilsen, 13, who is accused of calling six University Medical Center emergency
room patients and falsely telling them they had tested positive for the HIV
virus. One 16-year-old victim, who also was falsely told she was pregnant, tried
to kill herself. Felony charges include taking confidential information --
patient names -- from a computer at the hospital, where her mother worked. A
caller ID system led to her arrest.

BEAGLE BRIGADE: At a Washington ceremony, a pioneering pooch in the Agriculture
Department's Beagle Brigade was singled out for honors marking the 10th
anniversary of the dog squad. The dogs are trained to sniff out forbidden
fruits, plants and meat that air travelers illegally try to import. Sam, a
12-year-old beagle, who is retiring, and 10 canine co-workers, including Clueso
from Seattle and Abbott from Miami, took part in the celebration, in which
speakers were greeted with yelps and applause. Sam's big busts were 60 pounds of
sausage from a Polish passenger and 40 pounds of plantains from a Ghanaian.

CHEMICAL WEAPONS: The EPA fined the Army $ 122,300 for releasing a "small amount
of nerve agent" at the Johnston Atoll chemical weapons disposal site in the
Pacific, the Army said. It said there was no health hazard from the release, or
from two other violations covered by the fine. Corrective measures have been
taken, the Army said.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                            August 28, 2004 Saturday

Mad cow issue heading to Manhattan

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 375  words


Manhattan and mad cow may seem an unlikely combination but Agriculture Minister
Andy Mitchell will be mixing the two today when he travels to New York City to
meet his American counterpart to lobby for an end to the costly mad cow crisis.

Before leaving, Mitchell tried to dampen expectations among desperate producers
that the U.S. border might swing open quickly following his first face-to-face
meeting with U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman.

"I think I'll measure the results (of the session) in terms of establishing a
relationship," Mitchell said in an interview shortly before meeting Veneman, who
is in New York for next week's Republican Party convention.

"But I am going to take the opportunity to state the Canadian position because I
think it cannot be stated enough," added Mitchell, who took over the agriculture
portfolio right after the June 28 federal election.

"From our perspective, the science indicates that the border should be open."

The meeting comes as Ottawa has started to drop broad hints that as the crisis
drags on, more emergency aid could be coming for the cash-strapped industry.

Ralph Goodale, the federal finance minister from Saskatchewan, has been
suggesting recently that he might shake open Ottawa's piggy bank.

In March, just before the last federal budget, Ottawa announced a $1-billion
farm aid package that included $680 million in relief for cattle producers.

That also included a pledge from Goodale of more help if the border remained
closed "for a protracted period."

Goodale is now repeating that pledge to help cope with mad cow - "a serious
issue not just for producers but a serious issue for the country."

However, he isn't saying yet just how much aid might be made available.

"I'm not in a position now to put a dollar figure on the situation, " said
Goodale.

"But we've got to be prepared to stand by our producers through this incredibly
difficult period which is not at all of their making."

That's good news for the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, which has developed a
long-term plan including emergency cash aid as well as initiatives for boosting
slaughter capacity, loan guarantees and market expansion.

"It's quite positive that they're looking at this," said Stan Eby, the
cattlemen's president.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANDY MITCHELL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                               December 23, 2009

Coloradoans on the Move: December 23, 2009

BYLINE: Colorado Springs Business Journal Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 256  words


Robert Bode has been named director of the Office of Financial Aid, Student
Employment and Scholarships at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs.
He previously was financial aid director for Metropolitan State University in
St. Paul, Minn.

Robert B. Hancock has earned the Certified Fraud Examiner credential. He is tax
manager of The Shafer Group.

Jim Miller has been named deputy commissioner of the Colorado Department of
Agriculture. He has worked for the CDA for more than 20 years and has served in
several positions, including public information specialist and director of
policy and initiatives.

Chris Valentine has joined Penrose-St. Francis Health Services as public
information officer.

Kitty Clemens has joined the Denver Regional Council of Governments as a
division director. She previously was director of the Manitou Springs Economic
Development Council.

Craig Mackey has been named director of government affairs for the Outdoor
Industry Association. He has experience running political campaigns and served
as deputy political director for former Gov. Roy Romer.

Brandon Smith has earned the Certified Residential Specialists designation from
the Council of Residential Specialists. He is a broker associate with The
Platinum Group, Realtors.

Cory Wall has received the 2009 Bullfighter of the Year award from the ProRodeo
Cowboys Association. He lives in Calhan and is a 19-year veteran of professional
rodeo.

Joanna Lee has joined the audit team of SSA P.C. She attended the University of
Colorado at Colorado Springs.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 8, 2003 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Freeman Smith AID Speciali ...

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 280 words


Freeman Paul Smith, 90, a specialist in agriculture and rural development who
retired from the Agency for International Development in 1969, died of
congestive heart failure Jan. 21 at the Westwood-Springfield assisted living
facility in Chevy Chase.

Mr.

Smith worked 18 years for AID before retiring as the agency's chief of
agriculture and rural development in Recife, Brazil. He had served in similar
positions in Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Costa Rica.

For about three years after retiring from AID, he managed agriculture and rural
development projects for International Development Services Inc. of Washington,
an international consulting firm.

Mr. Smith, a resident of Chevy Chase since the mid-1950s, was born in West
Union, W.Va. He graduated from West Virginia University, where he also received
a master's degree in plant pathology. He then worked as a county agricultural
agent for the West Virginia Agricultural Extension Service and later for the
Farm Security Administration in Morgantown, W.Va. During World War II, he served
in the Navy in the Pacific.

From 1949 to 1951, he was a civilian employee of the Army, serving with
occupation forces in Japan, where he helped modernize programs for the Japanese
pearl and fishing industries.

In retirement, Mr. Smith divided his time between Chevy Chase and West Union,
where he experimented with organic gardening.

A daughter, Mary Margaret Smith, died in 1959.

Survivors include his wife of 57 years, Rose M. Smith of Chevy Chase; four
children, James P. Smith and Candace L. Smith-Kratchman, both of Chevy Chase,
Paul C. Smith of Austin and Karen A. Smith of West Union; two brothers; a
sister; and seven grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                  September 29, 2001 Saturday Ontario Edition

Rubber may rule the range

BYLINE: Barbara Novovitch, REUTERS NEWS AGENCY ; REUTERS PHOTO

SECTION: NATIONAL REPORT; Pg. K05

LENGTH: 815 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Desert shrub could solve latex shortage and rescue ranchers in U.S. Southwest

THIS HAMLET at the northern edge of the Chihuahuan Desert, just above Big Bend
National Park, was the site in the early 20th century of the first U.S. factory
to produce rubber from a native source, the desert shrub guayule.

But after two decades, the desert was virtually denuded of guayule, the Marathon
factory closed in 1926 and the rubber industry turned abroad - to Malaysia and
Thailand and the Brazilian "hevea" rubber tree - for cheaper, easier production.

Now, U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) scientists, agronomists and industry
executives are again agog about guayule (pronounced wy-ou-lee), anticipating its
growth by commercial farmers in the Southwest and its marketing to medical
manufacturers for urgently needed non-allergenic gloves, catheters and condoms.

Hevea rubber, it turns out, is fine for rubber tires but the proteins in hevea
latex rubber can cause allergic reactions ranging from contact dermatitis to
anaphylactic shock. Up to 17 per cent of all health-care workers and 80 per cent
to 90 per cent of children who undergo numerous operations can be affected,
sometimes with disastrous results, studies show.

Efforts to resolve the problem, which broke out in the 1980s but became acute
with the AIDS pandemic in the 1990s, by using alternative synthetic or
de-proteinized hevea rubber "do not look promising," says Katrina Cornish, who
heads the guayule research team at the research service in Albany, Calif.

Cornish has begun the first year of a four-year, $3.5 million research grant
that is expected to lead to commercial production of guayule rubber latex.

There is also widespread interest in guayule from the chemical industry for
adhesives, gums and resins, says Jeff Martin, chief executive officer of
California-based Yulex Corp. The USDA has licensed Yulex to use its guayule
technology.

The firm will begin commercialization of 4 million to 5 million guayule plants
next spring in Arizona and California and Martin expects to manufacture and
market the first guayule latex products in 2003.

The guayule plant is a yellow-flowered, silvery-leaved shrub that resembles
common ragweed and grows about one metre tall in desert limestone soil at
elevations of 1,000 metres to 2,000 metres. The plant produces some rubber in
its woody stems and large amounts are in the roots.

During the early part of the last century, in Marathon and other guayule
factories across the border in Mexico, the plant was harvested by ripping it
from the rocky desert soil and then crushing the roots and stems with pebbles in
a watery bath.

John D. Rockefeller, Bernard Baruch and Daniel Guggenheim were among the early
industrialists who backed guayule production.

But recently, agronomists have discovered the plant will regrow rubber-producing
stems for up to eight years if it is topped in the spring. The plant increases
its biosynthetic rate about a hundredfold in the winter. Picking three or four
times before the final root harvest means the labour-intensive replanting or
reseeding needs to be done only every four years.

"You don't dig it up; you cut it off and at the last harvest you dig it,"
Cornish says. "Once you get your stand in, you get three or four harvests off
it, then replace it with whatever the latest (genetic improvement) is."

The current rubber extraction method, patented by Cornish and USDA, makes a
guayule "milkshake" in a blender. "The rubber is like the cream in milk. You
float the cream and purify that and you have your latex. It looks like unwhipped
whipping cream," Cornish says.

Yulex already has about 40 hectares planted in guayule at the University of
Arizona and plans to add up to 160 hectares this autumn. In the spring,
commercial farmers in southern Arizona and California will plant another 1,200
to 1,600 hectares.

Yulex is using transplants, but if agronomists can find a government-approved
herbicide that will allow growers to use the guayule seed for commercial
planting, the process becomes quicker and cheaper. The herbicide would keep
quick-growing broadleaf weeds and grasses from shading out guayule plants before
they become established.

"Guayule doesn't have any insect enemies," says Texas A&M researcher Mike Foster
says. "And it likes to grow in poor soil where just cacti and yucca are
neighbours. It doesn't need much water, but it can be crowded out by
faster-growing weeds when it's grown as an irrigated crop."

There are scattered stands of guayule in Big Bend National Park, he adds, and
other stands in the southern Chihuahuan Desert in Mexico.

Foster and Cornish both are enthusiastic promoters of guayule as an agricultural
farm crop. With cattle ranching losing its economic viability in many parts of
the Southwest, where recent long droughts have cut deeply into profits, Cornish
believes guayule could mean the ranchers' salvation.



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REUTERS PHOTO CREAM OF THE CROP: Mike Foster, a Texas A&M researcher
examines a guayule plant, which can produce a non-allergenic latex cream that
looks like unwhipped whipping cream.

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Missouri: More than $125,000 Awarded to Missouri Value-Added Agriculture
Projects

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Missouri has issued the following press
release:

The Missouri Department of Agriculture today announced the awarding of more than
$125,000 of grants for agricultural businesses. The funding comes from the
Missouri Value-Added Grant Program, which provides grants for projects that
advance the development of Missouri agricultural products while aiding the
economy of a rural community.

"As Missouri agriculture moves forward, we will continue to lead the way in
supporting our farmers' innovations in production and processing technology,"
said Director of Agriculture Richard Fordyce. "Value-added agriculture is a
growing area in our state and an outstanding way for producers to diversify
their operations."

The Missouri Agricultural and Small Business Development Authority (MASBDA)
awards the value-added grants to promote the development, processing and
marketing of new or expanded uses of Missouri agricultural products that will
also aid rural economic development. The grants are funded from the sale of tax
credits and can be used for business planning purposes, such as feasibility
studies and marketing plans.

The maximum individual grant is $200,000, with the applicant required to provide
a 10 percent cash match toward the eligible expenses. This year's grants ranged
from $20,900 to $49,500, for a total of $128,665 awarded. The four grants were
awarded to:

o Hamra Farms, Sikeston - Development of a business plan supporting the growth
of a hydroponic greenhouse operation which markets produce such as lettuce,
tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers primarily to schools, restaurants and local
grocery stores.

o Midwest Aquaculture, LLC, Montgomery City - For a feasibility study, marketing
analysis, and business plan to determine the viability of a commercial-scale,
zero-discharge, modular, indoor shrimp production and processing facility.

o Sunrise Farm, LLC, Bland - For a marketing plan, business plan and legal
services to evaluate the viability of a local meat processing plant.

o Eco Tec Surfaces, LLC, Kansas City - To fund a revised business plan,
marketing analysis and legal services for a new "green" solid surface building
material containing soybean-based urethane resin and recycled glass filler.

MASBDA, housed at the Missouri Department of Agriculture, awarded the
value-added grants to foster new enterprises that will aid rural economic
development. Applications for the 2014 grants were due to MASBDA in late 2013.

For further information please visit: http://agriculture.mo.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

FEDS TO AID ILLINOIS IN ASH BORER FIGHT;
TREES IN WISCONSIN INCLUDED

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 326 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO (AP)


The federal government will provide Illinois with $7.6 million in emergency
funding to help the state stop the spread of the tree-killing emerald ash borer
beetle, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said.

Thursday's announcement comes a day after state officials imposed a quarantine
on 51 square miles of Kane County in a bid to contain the metallic-green beetle,
which feeds on ash trees, eventually killing them.

The federal money will be used to conduct a survey of trees in counties in
northeastern Illinois, as well as areas in Wisconsin near the Illinois border.
It also will pay for education campaigns as the battle against the non-native
bug gears up.

"This additional funding will help the State of Illinois to begin eradication
efforts and outreach initiatives to reduce the spread of emerald ash borer,"
Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns said in a statement.

House Speaker Dennis Hastert, whose 14th Congressional District includes Kane
County, welcomed the federal action.

"We have an opportunity to address this situation before it causes any more
destruction, and I appreciate that Secretary Johanns has provided the necessary
resources to move forward with that effort," the Illinois Republican said.

The Department of Agriculture said it has dedicated $101 million since 2003 to
programs nationwide designed to eradicate the pest, which already is blamed for
the loss of more than 20 million trees in Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Ontario,
Canada.

Wednesday's quarantine bars the removal from the area in Kane County of any
emerald ash borer or any ash wood and most firewood. The quarantined area
encompasses a 3 1/2-mile radius around the yard where the bug first was detected
last month -- just east of Lily Lake in a subdivision.

The beetle also was found earlier this month in Wilmette, a suburb north of
Chicago. State inspectors still are trying to determine the extent of the damage
there before deciding whether to also quarantine that area.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 City of Milton


                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.ci.milton.fl.us/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/cityofpensacola
http://www.facebook.com/MiltonFlorida
http://www.facebook.com/santarosacountydistrictschools/
http://www.facebook.com/wfrpc
http://www.youtube.com/user/cityofpensacola
https://twitter.com/ashtonjhayward
https://twitter.com/cityofpensacola
https://twitter.com/oppaga

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 7027454

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
City of Milton is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits, Showers,
Business Services, Landscaping, and 8 other Product & Service categories tracked
by NetWise Data. City of Milton does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and
Architecture Industries, as well as 30 other major Manufacturing Industries.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
CAGE CODES:
1UB34
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Business Services
     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Maintenance Services
     ·    Recycling Services
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Mining
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Carbon
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Ores
     ·    Platinum



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Aircraft, Albums, Auctions, Backgrounds, Bands,
Banking, Baseballs, Basketballs, Beacons, Bearings, Beds, Bells, Benches,
Billboards, Billfolds, Boat Ramps, Boats, Briefs, Brochures, Brushes, Buses,
Business Services, Buttons, Calendars, Canopies, Carbon, Chairs, Charms,
Chemicals, Chocolate Chip Cookies, Coats, Collectors, Computer Systems,
Construction Signs, Cookies, Cradles, Credit Cards, Curbs, Darts,
Defibrillators, Directional Signs, Disks, Electricity, Elements, Emblems, Feet,
Fence Posts, Fences, Fire Hydrants, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flags, Footballs, Forming, Games, Generators, Governors, Guards, Guides,
Hazardous Materials, Helicopters, Hobs, Horns, Jets, Kayaks, Landscaping,
Lighting, Lights, Lumber, Maintenance Services, Measures, Mechanisms, Metal
Roofing, Natural Gas, Notebooks, Ores, Overlays, Panels, Photography, Picnic
Tables, Pictures, Pins, Planning Boards, Platforms, Platinum, Poles, Post Office
Boxes, Posts, Pottery, Printers, Profiles, Promotional, Quick Links,
Racquetballs, Radios, Railroads, Ramps, Real Estate Signs, Recycling Services,
Registers, Rentals, Restraints, Roofing, Sanders, Seats, Sems, Shelters,
Showers, Signals, Skis, Snacks, Softballs, Speakers, Spikes, Springs, Stakes,
Stamps, Tables, Tees, Telephones, Timbers, Traffic Lights, Trams, Uniforms,
Utility Poles, Vans, Volleyballs, Warning Signs, Wastewater Treatment, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          December 28, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FARMERS TO GET $200 MILLION IN FEDERAL STORM AID

BYLINE: By EVE SAMPLES Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 604 words


Florida farmers still reeling from this year's hurricanes found out Tuesday they
will be eligible for $200 million in federal money designed to help them recoup
their losses.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has earmarked the emergency money for citrus,
vegetable, sugar, horticultural and other farmers who lost income during the
unprecedented storm season, which means Florida won't have to compete against
other states for the payments, state and federal officials confirmed Tuesday.

Though the USDA has not announced how it will distribute the assistance among
growers, state citrus leaders were enthusiastic about the news.

"It's not as much money as we'd hoped to get just for citrus, but it will help,"
said Doug Bournique, executive vice president of the Indian River Citrus League,
which represents 900 growers.

Citrus growers typically invest $900 to $1,000 an acre to grow their fruit, and
if the crop is damaged before it gets to market, that money is lost, Bournique
said. That was the case with Hurricane Wilma, which was especially devastating
because it arrived in late October, when most citrus had grown too large to
withstand strong wind.

The USDA money will let farmers recover some of those lost production costs,
said Bournique, who has been lobbying for the money since Wilma hit Oct. 24. He
said the $200 million was critical for the citrus industry and all of South
Florida agriculture.

"We haven't gotten much good news lately," he added. "And we really needed some
good news."

A similar USDA program launched after last year's storms provided relief for
sugar, citrus and vegetable farmers, but not the nursery and foliage business -
so Congress changed that when it passed a bill authorizing this year's aid, said
Rep. Mark Foley, R-Jupiter.

While that will mean more relief for horticulture affected by Hurricanes Wilma,
Rita, Katrina and Dennis, it also means the money will be more thinly spread
across the agriculture business.

"They may not get much, but the idea is to salvage the entirety of the industry
rather than the individual players," Foley said Tuesday.

The four storms that struck Florida in 2005 caused about $1.1 billion in damage
to the nursery and foliage industry, $370 million to the sugar sector, $180
million to the citrus industry and $44.1 million to tropical fruit, the Florida
Fruit & Vegetable Association said.

Nat Roberts, general manager of Callery-Judge Grove in Loxahatchee, said he lost
about $5 million in revenue as a result of this season's storms and he plans to
apply for the aid if he's deemed eligible.

Last year, he lost roughly the same amount and received about $1 million of the
federal emergency aid, he said.

Florida Citrus Mutual, a Lakeland-based state lobbying group, announced Tuesday
the money had been earmarked, but spokeswoman Casey Pace said the group didn't
know how the USDA would allocate it.

Last year, farmers received assistance based on their levels of damage and
proximity to the storms, and Bournique said he expected the program would be
similar this year.

Since Wilma's eye crossed Palm Beach, Martin and part of St. Lucie counties, he
said he suspected farmers in those three counties would be eligible for the
highest payouts.

For growers such as Roberts, who oversees almost 4,000 acres of groves, the
money is needed to keep afloat. It's impossible to plan for the level of
catastrophe Florida has seen in recent years, he said.

"Farming is a very, very risky business," he said. "And when you see storms like
Frances, Jeanne, Charley, Ivan and Wilma hit, that just blows all the
business-risk models that you might have."

eve_samples@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 19, 2015 Saturday 3:33 PM GMT

Farm Aid at 30: decades later, America's farmers still hard-pressed;
Organized by Neil Young, Willie Nelson and John Mellencamp and first staged in
1985, charity concert kicks off Saturday as 'the fight goes on'

BYLINE: Mark Guarino in Chicago

SECTION: MUSIC

LENGTH: 808 words


Thirty years ago, Farm Aid was launched to respond to a farming crisis marked by
mounting debt, low prices, and soaring interest rates. In 1985, the year of the
first concert in Champaign, Illinois, only 2.2m farms remained, nearly a quarter
of the farms operating decades earlier.

Little has changed. The Farm Aid concert, which will take place in downtown
Chicago on Saturday, is still combating similar issues: the struggles of
mid-size farmers to survive in a climate of unpredictable weather conditions,
unstable prices, the development and expense of high-tech equipment, seeds, and
pesticides, and farm policies they say favor globalized agribusinesses.

"The fight goes on," says Jennifer Fahy, the communications director for the
organization that is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. "Farm Aid is still here
because we continue to see corporate power has the political power which really
affects what farm policies are and those policies tend not to favor small family
farmers."

Saturday's concert at the FirstMerit Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island once
again features co-founders Willie Nelson, John Mellencamp and Neil Young, as
well as board director Dave Matthews and Imagine Dragons, Kacey Musgraves, Mavis
Staples, Old Crow Medicine Show and Jack Johnson, among others. All the artists
forgo their typical performing fees and pay their own travel expenses. To date
the organization has raised about $48m and Fahy says about 60% of the ticket
sales will benefit Farm Aid programs.

What has changed since Farm Aid began is that revenue share is increasing for
small and large farm producers (those with sales less than $50,000 and more than
$500,000 respectively), but for producers in the middle, sales are plunging. The
US department of agriculture reports that between 1997 and 2012, the total
number of farms shrunk 6% while mid-sized farms fell 19%. Large farms exploded
at 120% - in 2012 alone they were responsible for producing 66% of the food we
consume.

Risks for the mid-size farmers are significant, says Jonathan Coppess, professor
of law and policy at the University of Illinois college of agriculture and
consumer economics in Urbana.

They face mounting costs in technology, seeds, competition from imports,
lowering prices and the struggles to remain competitive against the large
corporate producers. They are not small enough to participate in the recent
explosion of farmers markets throughout the US and too big to compete against
the industrialized players.

"The big operators can take advantage of their economies of scale, but the
mid-size farmer can really get pinched," he says.

Farm Aid programs fund efforts to get younger people and military veterans into
farming through training and support, enabling them to transition into
independent farm owners. With the average age of the American farmer hovering
near 60, this is important, especially in order for operations to remain within
families. The organization also provides grants to regional programs that
support sustainable farming and disaster relief.

There are currently 2.1m farms operating in the US, according to USDA data
published this year, and about 97% of those operations are family-owned,
responsible for about 87% of all agriculture produced in America. The agency
defines a family farm as one in which the majority of the business is owned by
an operator through blood, marriage or adoption.

However, many of these operations are contracted to large agribusinesses,
relationships critics say create stealth corporate farms whose practices
handcuff farmers by forcing them to assume the majority of financial risk.

Farm Aid has been working to shed light on what it says are systemic injustices
in this new contract-driven system. A recent success: its work on the 2008 Farm
Bill that directed the USDA crackdown on big poultry and livestock producers who
unfairly exploit local farmers through iniquitous contracts that keep them below
the poverty line, either by forcing them to assume the majority of costs, or by
controlling the chicken houses on their land.

However, farm advocates say that in the years since then, Congress has blocked
funding for the agency to enforce those rules, while critics say that committee
members are influenced by lobbying from companies such as Tyson and advocacy
groups such as the National Chicken Council.

Because the mission of the Farm Aid concert itself is also to raise awareness -
the organization also receives money from donors as well as fundraising efforts
throughout the year - Fahy says more public speculation about the practices in
which Americans get their food will help pressure lawmakers to do the right
thing.

"Producers are under the thumb of these companies," she says. "Farmers are
living in poverty and not making what they were promised. It's a system that
needs regulation and needs change."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             June 25, 1988 Saturday

US ENDURES WORST DROUGHT IN 50 YEARS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COSTELLO D

LENGTH: 240 words


US endures worst drought in 50 years CHICAGO._ Governors from 10 parched
north-central US States held an emergency meeting yesterday to plot steps to
help American farmers survive the worst drought in 50 years. A combination of
extreme heat and record low rainfall continued to stall barge traffic in the
United States' midsection and increased the threat of forest fires. Temperatures
again approached 37.7deg. from the central High Plains through the lower
Missouri Valley and into the mid-Atlantic States. The US Agriculture Secretary,
Mr Lyng, told Midwestern governors in Chicago that the Government would do what
was needed to aid farmers. Governors discussed possible steps to aid their
struggling economies, including the diversion of water from Lake Michigan to
speed up the flow of barge traffic on the Mississippi and long-term measures to
halt the drop in water tables in northern and western States. Mr Lyng noted that
existing crop insurance and disaster loan programs were available as farmers
determined the extent of crop losses in the coming weeks. Agriculture Department
analysts said the drought that threatens US crop production also was sending
shock waves through world markets. In Washington, US and European Community
officials said yesterday there was a chance mounting grain prices stemming from
the drought could make it difficult to advance global farm trade talks this
year. Associated Press-Reuter

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 11, 2008 Sunday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Farmers market connects to food aid Tower Grove can now process the EBT cards of
people receiving assistance to buy food.

BYLINE: By Georgina Gustin ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS


Leafy greens and plump asparagus sat in bins, and customers toting canvas bags
wandered around, sniffing vegetables and holding them in their hands like
jewels.

Saturday was the first day of the season at the Tower Grove Farmers Market, and
customers poured in for the fresh, locally grown food. In the three years since
it began, the market has become a fixture in this city neighborhood.

But this year the pool of residents who can afford that food will expand beyond
the area's eco-gourmets. Starting next month, a wireless terminal at the market
will allow food-aid recipients to buy fresh produce with the swipe of a card.
The hope is that the technology will connect food-aid recipients with fresh
vegetables and fruits, something often lacking in low-income diets.

"It's just part of our mission," said Patrick Horine, the market manager. "We
want fresh, local food to be available to everyone."

The machine is the first of its kind in St. Louis, and one of at least 10 slated
to come to Missouri farmers markets this season. Last week a similar machine was
installed at the Old Town Farmers Market in Belleville, making it only the
second farmers' market in Illinois to take food stamps electronically.

The first market in Missouri to do so, in Webb City, installed the machine last
year.

"We tend to think of farmers markets as chi-chi with high-end food," said Eileen
Nichols, the market's manager. "But the vast majority of Missouri markets are
designed to serve the whole community."

Over the past two decades, paper food stamps were phased out in favor of
electronic benefits transfer cards, or EBT cards, which store food-stamp credits
and function like debit cards. This has meant that only the few farmers markets
with electricity and telephone lines could accept the new cards.

"When food stamps went from paper to EBT, it automatically locked all those
people out of those markets," explained Don Wambles, president of the Farmers
Market Coalition, a national farmers market advocacy group. "The wireless
technology is opening up a new frontier for farmers markets."

Although some federal food-aid programs, such as one for women and their young
children and another for older adults, have provided vouchers usable at farmers
markets, the biggest chunk of the government's food aid goes to the food stamp
program. The lack of EBT machines made it difficult to connect to that market.

Even after the wireless technology was developed, there were obstacles.

"The biggest problem was the state doesn't provide the technology," Nichols
said. "That means the markets have to come up with the money, and most markets
are run on a shoestring. It's time-consuming, it's labor-consuming. Most markets
don't have those resources."

But private foundations and the U.S. Department of Agriculture freed up grants
for the machines. Now, of the roughly 4,500 farmers markets in the country, 530
can accept food stamps.

More could be on the way.

The farm bill that emerged from Congress on Thursday would boost spending on the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's farmers market program for seniors to $125
million from $75 million, according to Wambles. The department's Farmer's Market
Promotion Program, which provides grants to markets among other things, could
expand from a current $1 million a year in discretionary funds to $33 million in
mandatory funds over the next five years.

(Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer has said President George W. Bush will veto
the $300 billion bill, which sets the country's food policy for the next five
years, because of his opposition to subsidies paid to wealthy farmers.)

With greater demand for food aid amid skyrocketing fuel and food costs, the
boosts would come at a critical time, proponents say.

"It's a tremendous win-win for farmers and farmers markets," Wambles said.

For Brett Palmier, a vendor at Tower Grove, the technology means his farm in
Edwardsville becomes more sustainable, too, and not just in its organic farming
methodology.

"I think we'll really see an increase in sales," he said. "But I think, also,
it's going to serve a really important social function, which is getting really
healthy food to people of limited means."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Al Keuss of Swansea counts the begonias in a tray at the booth run by
Lehr's Vegetable Farm at the Belleville Farmers Market on Saturday. "These are
by far the best-looking begonias," Keuss said.  Emily Rasinski | Post-Dispatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 15, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. OFFERS RUSSIA AID IN BUYING FOOD

BYLINE: By BARBARA CROSSETTE,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 6; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 14


The Bush Administration offered Russia $1.15 billion in loan guarantees and food
aid today to help it buy American grain and livestock feed over the next six
months.

Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan said 30,000 export-related jobs and $3
billion in economic activity would be created by the credits and assistance,
raising immediate suggestions in Congress and among agricultural organizations
that the decision was primarily motivated by politics.

Two weeks ago, President Bush announced in the Midwest that he was authorizing
export subsidies for up to 30 million metric tons, or 1.1 billion bushels, of
wheat.

But one agricultural expert said today that if the Administration had wanted to
make a stronger impression on many farmers, officials would have found a way to
increase exports of meat or processed dairy products, which have a higher value.
Food processing also creates more jobs.

Who Will Benefit Most?

Russia has been offered up to 30,000 tons of pork at subsidized prices, but has
yet to buy any.

The package announced today consisted of $900 million in loan guarantees and
$250 million in food aid or other assistance.

Mike Dunn, vice president for government affairs at the National Farmers Union,
said it might have also come too late to help farmers on small holdings.

Mr. Dunn, whose union's political branch has endorsed Gov. Bill Clinton for
President, said in an interview that because most of the grains sought by Russia
had already been harvested, middlemen and not farmers would profit most.

"Announcing it this long after the harvest means a real boom for the export
companies, grain handlers and processors, with only a little dribble down to
farmers and ranchers," he said. "If this wasn't politically motivated, it could
have been more timely and helpful to family farmers."

In Congress, there is some concern about the ability of the Russians to repay
about $4.4 billion in credits outstanding now. Credits have a way of turning
into outright aid, a Congressional agricultural expert said.

Secretary Cites Russia's Need

According to the Agriculture Department, Russia will have access immediately to
$100 million in credits, which it will use to buy $66 million in feed grains,
$24 million in soybean-based protein meal and $10 million in wheat. Russia also
has $18 million in previous credit guarantees to buy wheat this fiscal year,
which ends Sept. 30.

The remaining credits will be released in two installments: $500 million on Oct.
1 and $300 million on Jan. 1.

"These measures will assure that United States agricultural exports to one of
our largest markets continue at a normal pace," Secretary Madigan said.
"Although Russian agricultural production is higher and reforms are well under
way, we know there is need for this kind of assistance."


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 199 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAP-S-16-0006

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 23, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-16-0006 (2000003735) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Debbie Martinek, Contracting Officer
deborah.martinek@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169266088


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAP-S-16-0004

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 3, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-16-0004 (2000003711) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice, Contracting Officer cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             Alabama Rural Ministry

                              3831 Pepperell Pkwy
                               Opelika,  AL 36801
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 334-501-4276
URL: http://www.arm-al.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/getpocket
http://www.facebook.com/Bikebama
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Alabama-Rural-Ministry/129990402381
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Auburn-AL/Alabama-Rural-Ministry/129990402381
http://www.facebook.com/Tuskegeemissionhub
https://plus.google.com/111984034088692092819
https://twitter.com/ALRuralMinistry
https://twitter.com/pocket
https://www.youtube.com/user/AlabamaRuralMinistry

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 16728415

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Alabama Rural Ministry is a supplier focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Shirts, Water Coolers, Showers, and 6 other Product & Service categories tracked
by NetWise Data. Alabama Rural Ministry does business in the Agriculture,
Architecture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 24 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Alabama Rural Ministry has at least 2 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Alabama Rural Ministry
Extending the love of Christ through home repair and children's ministry"
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Religious Organizations

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81311000
SIC CODES:
86610000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Shirts
     ·    Water Coolers
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Repair Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Plastics
     ·    Plywood
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Sulphur


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Transportation Alabama Dept of


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Air Compressors, Architects, Armories, Backgrounds,
Badges, Banners, Bearings, Beds, Belts, Bicycles, Bookmarks, Briefs, Brochures,
Brushes, Buses, Buttons, Calendars, Campers, Carvers, Chairs, Chaps, Clothing,
Coffees, Commodes, Compressors, Cordless Drills, Couches, Curbs, Desks,
Earrings, Electricity, Elements, Feeds, Felt, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid
Kits, Flats, Flooring, Footballs, Games, Generators, Guards, Guides, Hardware,
Herbs, Hitches, Hubs, Jeans, Jerseys, Lights, Lumber, Mattresses, Molds,
Overalls, Paint Brushes, Pens, Pickup Trucks, Pictures, Pins, Plastics,
Platforms, Plumbing Tools, Plywood, Polymers, Posts, Profiles, Radios, Rags,
Ramps, Registers, Repair Services, Roofing, Rounds, Rulers, Sacks, Salt, Sheets,
Shirts, Shoes, Shovels, Showers, Snacks, Solutions, Speakers, Springs, Suits,
Sulphur, Sweaters, T-Shirts, Tables, Tags, Targets, Tires, Tumblers, Vans, Water
Coolers, Wheel Chairs, Wheelchair Ramps, Wheelchairs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       Tweed Daily News (New South Wales)

                             May 14, 2011 Saturday

By George, a life packed with adventure

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 481  words



HIGHLIGHT: COMMUNITY CHAMPION


DR GEORGE Ryland, of Currumbin, has had an interesting life, from lecturing in
economics and statistics and international consultancy in agriculture during his
career to now volunteering as a driver for medical appointments and mentoring
international students.

Born at Innisfail, his family was evacuated in 1944 with the family coming to
Currumbin to live first at Garrick St, Coolangatta, and subsequently at Rutledge
St, Kirra.

He attended Coolangatta School from 1949. When his father was transferred with
the Commercial Bank of Australia to Brisbane in 1956 he attended Norman Park
State School and Brisbane State High School before going on to Gatton
Agricultural College.

He won a scholarship to the University of New England, where he studied
agricultural economics, graduating with honours.

He gained his Masters in Economics, majoring in statistics, and became a
lecturer at the University of Queensland in 1969.

He spent seven years there also gaining his PhD in Economics in 1975.

Dr Ryland then spent six months at the University of Illinois, near Chicago,
before returning to Monash University in Melbourne. He then had seven years as
chief economist in the agricultural department at South Australia. During this
period Dr Ryland was appointed by FAO of the UN to assist the UN Committee on
Food Aid in their tasks of allocating food aid to aid-dependent countries.

"I started my own international consultancy company in 1986 and travelled widely
throughout China and South East Asia," he said.

In 1995 he went to Tonga as an economic adviser and spent some time there as
acting secretary of finance in 1997. In 1998 Dr Ryland moved to Fiji to assist
in improvement in the revenue collection mechanisms, mainly through Fiji
Customs. He remained in Fiji until 2000, when the coup occurred.

"We came home and I retired to redevelop our original family block at Currumbin
Hill," he said.

Dr Ryland has been far from idle since retiring.

"I volunteered for the Kidney Network Service, transporting patients for
dialysis at Southport Hospital for seven years," he said.

He also mentored students at Palm Beach-Currumbin, Miami and Southport high
schools through the SCISCO scheme. He has been a driver for Uniting BlueCare,
operating out of Akirra Cottage, for three years.

Dr Ryland has been a member of Uniting Toastmasters at Elanora for eight years,
being at various times president, treasurer and secretary.

He is currently on the board of the Gold Coast Tenancy Advice and Advocacy
Service and is treasurer of that organisation.

He is a Griffith University mentor for international business students and coach
for students in the industry innovation program.

His hobbies are reading, swimming, attending the gym, walking, surfing and
visiting their grandchildren.

He has been married to Carole since 1968 has three children and five grandsons.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DDN


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 July 26, 2003

US food aid a form of export subsidy - Fischler

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 588 words


The European Commissioner for Agriculture, Dr Franz Fischler, yesterday
challenged the US to show it was not using food aid as a form of export subsidy.

At a press conference in Dublin with the Minister for Agriculture and Food, Mr
Walsh, Dr Fischler said the US was using a lot of money on food aid and he
believed the system was a form of export subsidy.

Dr Fischler, who was flying to Canada for a meeting with 25 World Trade
Organisation members to prepare for the Cancun, Mexico negotiations on
agriculture, ruled out any further concessions on CAP reform.

The Commissioner, who will lead the EU negotiations on agriculture when the
round begins in September, repeated the assurance that European farmers could
not be expected to "pay twice", having reformed the CAP. He said there had been
a positive international response from outside the EU, particularly from New
Zealand.

On the package itself, Dr Fischler said the greatest criticism had come from the
dairy sector during his short visit here. "What the reform has done is to
provoke change in the dairy sector and this will be a good thing."

He said that while some countries may opt for the partial decoupling of direct
payments from animal and cereal production, they should be aware that the more
schemes that were decoupled, the more money would be available to farmers. "An
OECD report has found that decoupling all the schemes will double the money
which will be available to farmers," he said.

Earlier yesterday, the Commissioner met the Irish Creamery Milk Suppliers'
Association (ICMSA), which complained that calf and weanling producers would
lose under the decoupling arrangements.

ICMSA president Mr Pat O'Rourke said the Commissioner agreed to review the
income loss which calf producers could suffer and to have his officials look at
market and economic data the organisation would submit.

The Commissioner also heard complaints from the young farmers' organisation,
Macra na Feirme, whose president, Mr Thomas Honner, warned there was a danger
the new CAP deal could become a retirement package for older farmers with
substantial amounts of entitlements going to people who were not farming in any
serious way.

"These reforms will suit the 45 per cent of farmers who are over the age of 55
who may have no successor and see the new system as a mechanism to drastically
reduce production while retaining entitlements," he said.

The Commissioner also met the only farm group which fully supported his reform
package, the Irish Cattle and Sheepfarmers' Association, and thanked it for its
support and constructive contribution to the debate.

ICSA president Mr John Deegan impressed on Dr Fischler the need to ensure the
maximum number of member-states chooses the option to fully decouple supports.
"The gains that have been made during the recent CAP deal are now dependent on a
successful WTO round. Now is the time to go on the offensive against the USA in
the WTO talks. The USA has never been as vulnerable in its position now that the
EU has its own house in order following the recent CAP deal," he said.

The state of Irish agriculture

From Monday, Irish Times journalists will examine the state of Irish agriculture
in the aftermath of Commissioner Fischler's reform of CAP. In the first part of
a three-day series, Agriculture Correspondent Sean MacConnell will look at the
challenges facing Irish farmers as EU subsidies are reduced, while Liam Reid
will examine if organic farming has a future in Ireland.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

$2M in U.S. aid targets algae in west Lake Erie

BYLINE: Ignazio Messina, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 590 words


March 16--DUNDEE, Mich. -- In an effort to combat the toxic organic sludge known
as blue-green algae, which has plagued western Lake Erie for years, killing fish
and hampering water recreation, the U.S. Department of Agriculture will be
handing out $2 million to farmers in three states.

Two U.S. senators, two congressmen, and U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom
Vilsack announced the plan Friday at Cabela's in Dundee.

The money is to be used to help farmers in designated parts of Ohio, Michigan,
and Indiana prevent phosphorus from entering Western Lake Erie Basin waterways.

Mr. Vilsack was joined by senators Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Debbie Stabenow of
Michigan, and U.S. Reps. Marcy Kaptur (D., Toledo) and John Dingell (D.,
Dearborn, Mich.).

The funding allocation is part of an effort to improve water quality and support
jobs in Ohio that are generated through the hunting, fishing, and outdoor
recreation industries tied to Lake Erie, Senator Brown said.

"A healthy Lake Erie is vital to Ohio's prosperity, and achieving this goal
requires a comprehensive, all-hands-on-deck strategy," Mr. Brown said. "These
new resources will enable farmers to employ the best conservation practices
possible and demonstrate how farmers can contribute to revitalizing Lake Erie
and the recreation, tourism, and boating industries the lake supports."

Applications for funding are expected to be available at local Natural Resources
Conservation Service offices by April 27.

Selected projects will pilot innovative new practices, such as biofilters and
controlled drainage, to address phosphorus runoff.

Mr. Vilsack said farmers and ranchers are on the front line of this
environmental concern.

"This funding will help farmers take necessary steps to improve and protect the
environmental health of the Lake Erie Basin, preserve habitat for the region's
fish and wildlife, and protect the over 100,000 jobs that Lake Erie helps
support," he said.

Mr. Vilsack also said the program would require farmers to use strategies proved
to capture phosphorus and that the efforts would be monitored.

Mr. Dingell said the region's access to Lake Erie has made it incredibly
attractive, and Lake Erie needs to be cleaned up as it was decades ago.

He said efforts to divert the water to other states would be blocked.

Senator Brown, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, launched "Grown in
Ohio," a listening session tour to get input from Ohio farmers, this year. Last
year, he invited Dave White, chief of the Natural Resource Conservation Service
at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, to visit the Western Lake Erie basin.

The algae bloom contributed to the "dead zone" in Lake Erie's central basin,
where fish can't live, and officials worry that it will threaten the lake's
tourism industry, valued at $10 billion and derived from counties along the Lake
Erie shoreline.

Blue-green algae, or cyanoÂ­bacteria, can excrete liver and nerve toxins that
can sicken animals and people who come into contact with it. Runoff of
fertilizer, manure, and sewage contributes phosphorus that feeds blue-green
algae.

Warning signs were posted at public beaches in eight state parks last summer,
including Maumee Bay and Kelleys Island on Lake Erie, and Grand Lake St. Marys
in west central Ohio. The state spent millions last summer fighting blue-green
algae in Grand Lake St. Marys.

Contact Ignazio Messina at: imessina@theblade.com or 419-724-6171.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120316-TO-HLT-2M-in-U-S-aid
-targets-algae-in-west-Lake-Erie-0316-20120316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE

LENGTH: 309 words


Associated PressAssociated Press

Gov. John Hoeven and Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson are leading a group
that will lobby officials in Washington, D.C., for farm disaster assistance.

Hoeven and Johnson will be joined this week by representatives of numerous
agricultural groups and some state lawmakers.

Hoeven said farmers in the Red River Valley and the northern part of the state
need disaster aid for crop losses due to flooding last spring and summer. He
said there also needs to be improvements to crop insurance in the next federal
farm bill.

"One of the problems we've got now with the farm program is crop insurance is
inadequate," Hoeven said.

The group will meet with members of Congress to lobby for aid. Hoeven also
planned to meet with Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns on Tuesday.

Farm-state senators earlier this month attached an estimated $4 billion in
agricultural disaster money to a spending bill designed to pay for the Iraq war
and Hurricane Katrina recovery.

Rep. Earl Pomeroy, D-N.D., said the fate of disaster assistance likely will be
decided in conference committee.

"The House version doesn't have it in; the Senate version does," he said. "Can
we get House conferees to go along? I believe the governor's visit with ...
Johanns will also be extremely important."

Johnson, who is vice president of the National Association of State Departments
of Agriculture, said he will present a letter from the group to members of
Congress supporting the disaster legislation.

Johnson said a North Dakota State University Extension Service report shows that
farm profit in the Red River Valley last year fell nearly 50 percent, and in
northeastern North Dakota producers suffered an average 80 percent drop in net
farm income. Statewide, he said, small grains producers lost more than $150
million.

Hoeven, Johnson to lobby for farm disaster aid

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Daily Bread, LLC


                             Ocean City,  NJ 82263
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 801-444-1099
URL: http://www.dailybread.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/dailybreadfoodstorage
http://www.youtube.com/user/DailyBread25
https://plus.google.com/115905747160601191846
https://twitter.com/FoodDailyBread

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 27240811

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Daily Bread, LLC is a supplier focussed on Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flashlights, Overalls, and 14 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Daily Bread, LLC does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and
Automotive Industries, as well as 25 other major Manufacturing Industries. Daily
Bread, LLC has at least 4 business locations. The company describes itself via
it's website thusly: "Fill out our short order form to order Daily Bread food
storage online now."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; General Warehousing and Storage

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
49311000
SIC CODES:
42250000
CAGE CODES:
5WDS7
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Filters
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Flashlights
     ·    Overalls
     ·    Samplers
     ·    Seed
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Filters
     ·    Filtration Systems
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Replacement Filters
     ·    Steel Cans
     ·    Storage Cans
     ·    Water Filters


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Activated Carbon
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gases
     ·    Iron
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastic Resins
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Resins
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Activated Carbon, Antioxidants, Antiseptics, Backpacks,
Barrels, Beds, Black Diamonds, Boats, Burners, Calcium, Campers, Can Openers,
Carbon, Cartridges, Ceramics, Chairs, Chemicals, Clothing, Columbium,
Containers, Corkscrews, Coupons, Crackers, Cranks, Dice, Dust Masks, Elements,
Emergency Kits, Faucets, Feeds, Felt, Fiber, Filters, Filtration Systems, First
Aid, First Aid Kits, Flashlights, Food Buckets, Food Products, Forks, Gases,
Gears, Generators, Globes, Governors, Guides, Herbs, Hole Punches, Intakes,
Interior Doors, Iron, Jerseys, Lights, Magnesium, Masks, Measures, Medical
Tapes, Mountings, Olives, Ovens, Overalls, Oxygen, Packaging, Packaging Systems,
Panels, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Plastic Bags, Plastic Buckets, Plastic
Containers, Plastic Resins, Plastics, Platforms, Pocket Knives, Posts, Power
Meters, Power Supplies, Profiles, Promotional, Quick Links, Radios, Registers,
Replacement Filters, Resins, Respirators, Samplers, Sauces, Scopes, Seed,
Silver, Sockets, Sodium, Solutions, Soups, Spoons, Springs, Stainless Steel,
Starters, Steel, Steel Cans, Steel Containers, Storage Boxes, Storage Cans,
Storage Containers, Syringes, Tablets, Tags, Tins, Uniforms, Water Filters,
Water Pumps, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Lift Aids, Inc.

                               1500 Westpark Way
                               Euless,  TX 76040
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 817-835-0035
URL: http://www.lift-aids.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lift-Aids-Inc/200263794249

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 5156943

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, UL Standards
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Lift Aids, Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on Ramps,
Vans, Wheelchairs, Custom Vehicles, Lifts, and 8 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Lift Aids, Inc. does business in the
Agriculture, Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as 16 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Lift Aids, Inc. has at least 2 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; All Other Health and
Personal Care Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42345000
SIC CODES:
59990000
CAGE CODES:
0ZXJ4
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Ramps
     ·    Vans
     ·    Wheelchairs


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Custom Vehicles
     ·    Lifts
     ·    Ramps
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Vans
     ·    Architects


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aluminum Alloys
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Recycled Rubber
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Steel Alloys


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Accelerators, Air Bags, Alabaster, Alarm Systems, Aluminum
Alloys, Angles, Architects, Auctions, Automobiles, Automotive Seats, Bearings,
Beds, Belts, Benches, Brakes, Briefs, Buses, Buttons, Cabs, Calendars, Campers,
Chairs, Charcoal, Chocks, Cloth, Communication Systems, Containers, Control
Systems, Cord, Cuffs, Curbs, Custom Vehicles, Cutting Tools, Denims, Dice,
Domes, Door Hinges, Door Latches, Door Lifts, Drive Components, Drive Systems,
Drums, Electric Motors, Electric Vehicles, Electronic Components, Electronic
Controls, Elements, End Fittings, Fasteners, Feet, Fire Alarm Systems, Fire
Alarms, Fire Walls, Flats, Floor Coverings, Flooring, Games, Gears, Globes, Golf
Clubs, Guards, Guide Rails, Guides, Hand Controls, Handrails, Harness
Assemblies, Hatches, Hitches, Horns, HVAC Controls, Hydraulic Cylinders,
Hydraulic Lifts, Hydraulic Pumps, Lamps, Leather, Lift Platforms, Lifting
Systems, Lifts, Lighters, Lighting, Lights, Linkages, Mechanisms, Mountings,
Nets, Panels, Pendants, Pickup Trucks, Pictures, Pinions, Pins, Platform Lifts,
Platforms, Position Indicators, Posts, Power Doors, Power Systems, Profiles,
Rails, Ramps, Recycled Rubber, Registers, Remote Controls, Rentals, Replacement
Parts, Restraints, Rings, Rubber, Rubber Flooring, Scooter Lifts, Scooters, Seat
Belts, Seating, Seats, Showers, Siennas, Signals, Silver, Solenoids, Solutions,
Spindles, Spinners, Stainless Steel, Stairs, Steel, Steel Alloys, Steel
Finishes, Steering Columns, Steering Wheels, Suits, Suspensions, Tees,
Telescopes, Tires, Toggle Switches, Toggles, Towers, Traction Drives, Trailer
Hitches, Transitions, Transmissions, Traps, Trim, Truck Beds, Vans, Vinyl
Flooring, Weather Enclosures, Welded Construction, Wheel Chocks, Wheelchair
Lifts, Wheelchair Ramps, Wheelchairs, Winding Drums, Wipers, Wire, Wire Rope

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Lloyd Hearing Aid Corp.

                               4435 Manchester Dr
                              Rockford,  IL 61109
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 815-964-4191
URL: http://www.lloydhearingaid.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 38214326

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Lloyd Hearing Aid Corp. is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on
Cassettes, Hearing Aids, Hearing Aid Batteries, Mercury Batteries, Rechargeable
Batteries, and 8 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
Lloyd Hearing Aid Corp. does business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and
Biomedical Industries, as well as 18 other major Manufacturing Industries. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Hearing Aids Online Lloyds
Hearing Aids Order Hearing Aids Online!"
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; All Other Health and Personal Care Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33451002
SIC CODES:
38420412
CAGE CODES:
6FEY6
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Cassettes
     ·    Hearing Aids


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries
     ·    Mercury Batteries
     ·    Rechargeable Batteries
     ·    Zinc Air Batteries


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Repair Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Bronze
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Cobalt
     ·    Copper
     ·    Desiccants
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Granite
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Molecular Sieves
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Silica
     ·    Silica Gel
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Air Blowers, Angles, Backgrounds, Bands, Barrels, Battery
Cases, Bells, Boats, Brochures, Bronze, Brush Cleaners, Brushes, Bulbs,
Bushings, Butt, Buttons, Carrying Cases, Cassettes, Channels, Charcoal, Chests,
Cleaners, Cleaning Products, Cloth, Cobalt, Coins, Computer Chips, Copper, Cord,
Cosmetics, Cushions, Custom Instruments, Custom Molds, Desiccants, Dials,
Digital Circuits, Digital Instruments, Domes, Drawers, Ear Molds, Earplugs,
Faceplates, Feeds, Felt, Filters, First Aid, Gels, Glass, Gold, Granite, Guides,
Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing Aids, Helicopters, Hole Cleaners, Jacks, Jars,
Jewelry, Keychains, Lights, Mercury, Mercury Batteries, Microphones, Moisture
Controls, Molds, Molecular Sieves, Overalls, Packaging, Padding, Pants, Pearls,
Pictures, Plastics, Posts, Potentiometers, Power Systems, Purses, Receivers,
Rechargeable Batteries, Remote Controls, Repair Services, Replacement Parts,
Rims, Rings, Rocker Arms, Rockers, Scales, Screwdrivers, Sheets, Shelters,
Sieves, Signals, Silica, Silica Gel, Silicone, Silicones, Silver, Skis,
Solutions, Speakers, Springs, Storage Boxes, Telephone Coils, Telephone
Receivers, Telephones, Toggle Switches, Toggles, Transmitters, Trim, Trimmers,
Tube Adapters, Vans, Vent Plugs, Volume Controls, Wire, Wire Products, Woks,
Yellows, Zinc Air Batteries

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 27, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Drought expected to drag into the fall

BYLINE: Gary Fields

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The drought plaguing farmers in the Middle Atlantic
and portions of the South is expected to last through the fall
and could spread to other agricultural areas. Douglas LeComte,
senior meteorologist for the Climate Prediction Center at the
National Weather Service, says rainfall levels in some counties
in New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia
are 15 inches below normal for the past 12 months.

As a result, dozens of counties in Pennsylvania, Virginia and
West Virginia are seeking federal emergency aid. Officials in
Maryland will meet next Tuesday to discuss the impact of the drought
there.


Ohio agriculture officials are doing preliminary assessments of
the 39 hardest hit counties to determine whether the state should
seek federal aid.

"The recent rains have helped, but we need a widespread blanketing,"
LeComte says. "We'd be happy to see remnants of a tropical storm."

Without it, "we'll see this lingering into the fall," he says.
"It's hard to end a drought in the summer."

Other potential problem areas that forecasters have begun to watch
are parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Missouri.

"It's been dry there, and now they are getting higher temperatures,"
LeComte says.

Despite the difficulties being created by the drought, officials
with the U.S. Department of Agriculture say there is no indication
that prices for produce will be affected.

That's because the areas hit are not the primary crop producers.

"The impact is local and regional," says Al Peterlin, the chief
meteorologist for the Department of Agriculture. "In those places,
it's as dry as they've been since the 1930s. We're talking the
Dust Bowl and The Grapes of Wrath."

But, he says, the center of the country -- the primary producer
of wheat, corn and soybean -- has gotten the right amount of rain
and is expecting plentiful harvests.

That means prices at the grocery stores will remain steady.

Peterlin says the combination of low prices and small harvests
in the drought-affected areas will create "a double whammy"
for the farmers in the hard-hit counties.

Mark Anthony, spokesman for the Ohio Department of Agriculture,
says prices for crops such as corn and soybean are at record lows.
"If you have a commodity with a low price on it, you at least
want to have a lot of it to sell."

Anthony says another critical issue from the drought is the damage
to grazing land. "We have pastureland drying up," he says.

Because there is no place for the animals to graze, cattle farmers
already are feeding them hay they had stored for the winter. Anthony
says farmers usually begin using their hay in November and December.

Now, farmers are auctioning off their animals. "They don't have
enough water and food to feed and water their herds, so they are
selling them and cutting their losses," he says.

Carl Anderson, an agriculture economist at Texas A&M University,
says that Texas went through a similar problem last year when
drought destroyed thousands of acres of grazing land.

The high cost of transporting huge amounts of hay led many cattle
farmers to sell their herds, he says.

The price of meat went down as a result, because there was more
available than usual for the summer and fall.

Now, Texas has a surplus of hay and is prepared to help others
who do not, Anderson says. "I talked to one guy last week who
said he had a couple hundred rolls of hay just sitting in the
field," he says. "Folks moved hay to us last year. We could
do likewise this year."

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John Gillis, AP; In Monrovia, Md.: Michael Wilcom scans his
damaged corn crop. State officials will meet next week to discuss the drought.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   November 15, 2001 Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. AID PLANNED FOR MAINE SALMON FARMS;
Officials say the Bush administration will spend $16.4 million over two years to
fight infectious salmon anemia in Cobscook Bay.

BYLINE: JOHN RICHARDSON Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 723 words


The Bush administration has agreed to spend $16.4 million over the next two
years to fight a disease that threatens salmon farms in Cobscook Bay, according
to federal and state officials in Maine.

Federal veterinarians in Maine and Mass- achusetts reported the news through
phone calls and e-mails to a handful of state officials. A spokesman for U.S.
Sen. Olympia Snowe said the Office of Management and Budget had reached a
preliminary decision to help the industry and that the amount of aid may
increase.

The funding and technical help from federal scientists will be the first such
assistance for aquaculture operators, placing the young industry on par with
chicken and cattle farmers. And it will restore a measure of hope to Maine's
$100 million-a-year salmon industry and the struggling Down East communities
that rely on it.

"Clearly that's a very significant amount of money," George Lapointe, Maine's
marine resources commissioner, said Wednesday. "It helps the companies deal with
this massive economic blow and it helps all of the people who rely on this for
employment."

Outbreaks of infectious salmon anemia have forced farms in Cobscook Bay to sell
or destroy 900,000 fish this year in an effort to control its spread. Had the
fish all reached market size, they would have been worth an estimated $12
million.

Dozens of workers at salmon processing plants in Lubec and Eastport have been
laid off, partly because of the disease and partly because of the economic
downturn.

Despite quarantines and daily diver inspections, the disease remains a threat,
killing salmon as it sweeps through pens and coves. It is not a health risk to
humans.

The money may clear the way for the industry to remove the remaining 2 million
to 3 million salmon this winter in order to flush the bay and sanitize the
farms. Those fish represent an estimated $10 million investment by the industry.
Most would be too small for the market and would be disposed of at a landfill or
used in compost.

Fish pens would be sanitized and placed back into the bay over the following two
springs, with new controls to fight and contain the disease.

"That would be probably the best chance of getting this thing beat," said Steve
Ellis, a veterinarian with the U.S. Department of Agriculture who is based in
Augusta. Ellis said he received word of the funding level from the agency's
regional office in Massachusetts on Wednesday.

Without federal help, salmon farmers have said they could not afford to clear
the bay and start over.

The aid is expected to come with some guidelines and restrictions on how it is
spent. Those details were not known Wednesday, Ellis said.

The federal assistance also includes a team of experts in detecting and tracking
diseases. The USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, or APHIS, is
expected to come to Maine to assess the problem before any final decisions are
made about how to control the disease.

U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman, at the urging of Maine's
congressional delegation, agreed last month to seek $22 million in emergency aid
over two years. She sent that request to the administration's Office of
Management and Budget for final approval.

The OMB has not formally announced its approval and would not confirm the
reports Wednesday. An OMB spokesman referred questions to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, where a spokeswoman said she could not confirm such a decision
until it is officially published in the Federal Register.

Members of the salmon industry received no official notification Wednesday.

"Obviously, if that's the case, then we are encouraged by their willingness to
support us," said Sebastian Belle, executive director of the Maine Aquaculture
Association.

Dave Lackey, spokesman for Snowe, said officials in the Department of
Agriculture confirmed the preliminary decision to assist the industry. The way
the information was released suggests that the actual amount of aid may still be
negotiable, he said.

"At this point, we need to be very pleased that OMB is making this investment,"
Lackey said. "It demonstrates the severity of the problem. It demonstrates that
aquaculture has arrived here in the United States."

Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at:

jrichardson@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 29, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FARMERS LOOKING TO A TOP NONHARVEST

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1148 words

DATELINE: HUXLEY, Iowa, April 24


Middle Western farmers are a bit happier this week, certain that they will have
cash or its equivalent in hand this fall, no matter what the weather or the
grain markets do.

An estimated 70 percent of them will not plant some portion of their land this
spring. In return for participating in the Reagan Administration's new
payment-in-kind and acreage-reduction program, they will receive corn from
Government-controlled stocks for most of what they do not plant and will get
cash allotments for part of the remainder that they leave idle.

They know that the Government's latest plan for limiting grain and cotton
production will do little to reduce the huge grain surpluses that are slashing
farmers' profits. But by not planting part, or in some cases all, of their corn
land, they will save money now and have grain to sell when the harvest ends in
October.

Nationwide, more than 36 percent of the land normally planted in wheat, corn,
cotton or rice will be left idle. The Agriculture Department expects
participating farmers to save more than $2 billion in operating costs, though at
the expense of the companies that provide their planting supplies.

$20 Billion in Aid This Year

For the fiscal year 1983, before the effects of the payment-in-kind program will
be felt, the Agriculture Department was originally expecting all commodity aid
programs to cost more than $18 billion.  This is being revised upward, and a
total cost of more than $20 billion for this year is now projected.

In 1982 all farm commodity aid was a little under $12 billion, and in 1981 it
was slightly more than $4 billion.  But for calendar year 1984, with so much
land going out of production, the department is hoping these costs will drop to
about $6 billion. Private analysts disagree, figuring that next year's cost for
wheat and corn supports alone will exceed $13.7 billion.

Although livestock feeders, like Orville Kalsem and his sons John and David,
will get little directly from the program, they say it has already given farmers
a psychological lift.

The Kalsems feed more than 2,000 beef cattle each year, using the corn they grow
on 550 acres near this village in central Iowa.  ''This new p.i.k. thing won't
directly help us cattle feeders, and it shouldn't have any effect on beef prices
this summer, and it shouldn't make any difference on what a steak will cost at
the grocery,'' Orville Kalsem said.

'Get Money in Circulation'

''But it's going to get some money in circulation this fall, which always helps
the meat business because people can buy more,'' he said. ''And it's going to
bail out a lot of young grain farmers who are too far in debt for comfort.''

In Jefferson, two counties west of Huxley, the impact of the payment-in-kind
program was even more positive.  Like many other small communities in the corn
and wheat areas of the Middle West, Jefferson has suffered severely from the
recession.  The merchants who depend on the farmers for business have been
barely hanging on the last two years. Small industries, most of which make farm
equipment, have laid off many workers.

But now more than 37 percent of the corn land in Greene County, one of the
richest grain areas in the world, will not be planted as it usually is in the
next two or three weeks, when the rain-soaked fields should be dry enough to
plow.

Nearly three-quarters of the county's farmers are in the paymentin-kind and
acreage-reduction prorgrams to some extent. Some will leave idle the entire
acreage they normally plant in corn.

Can Sell or Store Gift Corn

Consequently, on Oct. 15, when the harvest should be in, all of them will be
given corn amounting to 80 percent of what they would have grown on these fallow
acres. They can sell this corn or store it, at the Government's expense, for
five more months.

Later they will receive cash payments for the corn equivalent on an additional
10 percent of their acreage-reduction land.  And the farmers will not have to
spend money for seed, fertilizer and pesticides on those unplanted acres. Nor
will they have to worry as much about the weather turning bad.

The townspeople say economic recovery has not yet begun in Jefferson.  ''But the
mere prospect of the farmers getting that p.i.k. cash in October has made people
around the square feel a lot better,'' said Rick Moraine, publisher of The
Jefferson Herald. ''When that p.i.k.  money comes in, we expect to see a lot of
farmers buying again.''

Del Van Horn, a leading Greene County grain farmer, seconded this, saying, ''I
feel so damned much better than I did last fall, though I'm not real sure why.''


Enrolls All of Corn Land

Mr. Van Horn has enrolled 755 acres, all of his corn land, in the program. He
said he has already contracted to sell, at what he considers a favorable price,
most of the corn he will get in October. And he figures he will save several
thousand dollars in planting costs.

He was lounging in Hap Springer's farm supply store on the antique church pew
that local farmers use as a kind of complaint forum.  Mr. Springer said he was
pleased by the return of Mr. Van Horn's confidence, ''but not by what he'll save
on what he doesn't plant.'' ''I'm going to lose at least 40 percent of my gross
this year because of the p.i.k. program,'' he said. ''But I know the Government
had to do something, even if it hurts me. If they hadn't, we'd all be in twice
as much trouble this fall.''

Pioneer Hi-Bred International, the Iowa-based corporation that grows about a
third of the country's hybrid seed corn, this year expects to produce only 40
percent of what it usually does, a company spokesman said today.

Youths Will Lose Jobs

He also noted another negative effect of the p.i.k. plan: There will be no
part-time jobs for hundreds of youngsters in North Carolina, Michigan, Indiana,
Illinois and Iowa who last summer were paid $75 per acre for detasseling hybrid
corn plants. The youngsters last year earned more than $9 million.

Although Iowa farmers said this week that they were grateful for the temporary
benefits the acreage-reduction program offers, they were also well aware of its
limitations.

''It's a one year help, at best,'' said Max Naylor, another of Greene County's
leading corn and soybean farmers.  ''The programs won't do anything to increase
consumption of grain this year, which means the surplus won't be any lower or
average prices any higher until next year,'' he said. ''Right now we've got
excellent growing conditions almost everywhere. We may not be planting a lot of
land, but we can still pile fertilizer on what we do plant.

''So don't be surprised if we produce a 6 billion bushel corn crop this fall,''
he continued. ''If we do, we'll be right back where we were this year, wondering
what we'll ever do with it all. But right now, a lot of farmers around here
think Ronald Reagan is Santa Claus.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of farmers in Huxley, Iowa

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   February 2, 1999, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
;
Florida cancels sale of drivers' photos to firm

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 05A

LENGTH: 512 words


Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has canceled the sale of state driver's license
photographs to a private company as outrage over the release of millions of
images by motor vehicle officials in several states continued to build.
Thousands of drivers in Florida, South Carolina and Colorado have contacted
their governors, legislators and other officials to complain about an effort by
Image Data LLC of Nashua, N.H., to build a national database of driver photos
and personal images for use in a new anti-fraud service for retailers. But after
learning about the arrangements, thousands of residents complained they were not
informed. And many expressed fears about their privacy and the security of the
company's databases.
 Bell Atlantic, IBM offer futuristic home wiring You're at work. Suddenly you
get the nagging feeling that you might have left the stove on at home. You could
drop everything and drive back home, or you could use your office computer to
check your home electronic system. The futuristic option is being pushed by Bell
Atlantic Corp. and IBM Corp. in a deal being announced today, the Baltimore Sun
reports. The companies are teaming up to market a pricey home wiring system that
prepares residences for the latest in Internet, television and audio technology
as well as such goodies as home security and automated climate control.  The
Home Director system, costing from $ 900 to $ 3,000, is available to new-home
buyers in Bell Atlantic's Maine-to-Virginia local telephone service region and
will be offered to existing homes by year's end.
 Air conditioning linked to listeriosis outbreak Federal investigators suspect
dust kicked up during summer maintenance on an air-conditioning system at Sara
Lee Corp.'s Bil Mar Foods plant in Zeeland, Mich., may have been the source of a
listeriosis outbreak that has killed 15 and sickened about 75 people in 16
states. The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the federal Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention are seeking the source of the bacteria in the meat
products.
 AIDS treatment urged during pregnancy Researchers trying to reduce the rate of
AIDS among the world's poor have found that giving mothers standard medicines
for just a week cuts the risk they will pass on the virus during childbirth by
more than one-third. ''Even if we start treating very late in pregnancy, we can
make a difference,'' said one of the researchers, Dr. Joseph Saba of the United
Nations AIDS program. He presented the results Monday at the 6th Conference on
Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Chicago.
 O.J. Simpson items to be auctioned online More than 100 items, including O.J.
Simpson's 1968 Heisman Trophy and his Buffalo Bills jerseys seized from his
Brentwood, Calif., home two years ago will be auctioned online Feb. 16. As many
as 10,000 virtual bidders will compete with those sitting in Butterfield &
Butterfield's Sunset Boulevard gallery. The auction will help satisfy a $ 33.5
million judgment in the civil lawsuit brought by the families of Nicole Brown
Simpson and Ronald Goldman.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Today's News

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 8, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Helping the Soviets is not in our interest

BYLINE: Phyllis Schlafly, Guest columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 396 words


Phyllis Schlafly is president of Eagle Forum and a columnist for Copley News
Service.

 ALTON, Ill. - Taxing Americans to send aid to the Soviet Union is a harebrained
scheme that could come only from congressmen who already proved their
insensitivity to the pocketbooks of the American people by voting themselves a
fat pay raise.

There are a hundred good causes right here in the USA more worthy of our tax
dollars than Mikhail Gorbachev.

The reason the Soviets are short of cash and don't have enough to eat is that
they have a socialist system.

Soviet agriculture falls 30% short of the nation's needs; shelves are bare and
people must queue up on long lines; such items as oranges and coffee are
unavailable at any price.

In the USSR, 25% of the labor force is in agriculture. The government owns 98%
of agricultural lands. The 2% in private hands produces one-fourth of the total
agricultural output.

When it comes to housing, 25% of Russian units have no running water, and
families typically share kitchens and bathrooms with neighbors in cramped
apartments. Russians have a 15-year wait for an apartment. Coal miners have to
strike to get soap to wash themselves. No wonder life expectancy is declining,
hoarding is a way of life, and the only market that thrives is the black market.

Gorbachev covets the fruits of capitalist prosperity to prop up his bankrupt
socialist system. Sending U.S. dollars into the bottomless pit of trying to make
collective farming and socialist industry marginally less wasteful is not only
unjust to U.S. taxpayers, but a betrayal of the rising expectations of the
captive peoples behind the Iron Curtain. Any U.S. aid would just go to line the
pockets and enhance the power of the socialist bureaucrats.

Gorbachev is still unwilling to abandon the essential element of his socialist
system - state ownership of industry and agriculture. This week's modest reform
to allow some limited small private business will not accomplish much unless it
is followed by a breakup of state industries still in the grip of communist
bureaucrats.

The best way the United States can help perestroika succeed is to do nothing and
let the inexorable demands of street demonstrators escalate until the lack of
food forces Gorbachev to accept private property and economic freedom.

The USA should praise perestroika but not pay for it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Phyllis Schlafly)

TYPE: Opinion

Ribbon Label; FACE-OFF; FEEDING THE RUSSIANS; 2

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               American Lift Aids

                                 2310 Calder St
                              Beaumont,  TX 77702
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 409-832-3400
URL: http://www.americanliftaids.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/American-Lift-Aids
-Mobility-Specialist/234132453310158
https://twitter.com/TexasLiftAids
https://www.linkedin.com/company/american-lift-aids

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 18457693

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
American Lift Aids is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Chairs, Lifts, Platforms, Scooters, Seating, and 19 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. American Lift Aids does business in the
Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 17 other major
Manufacturing Industries. American Lift Aids has at least 2 business locations.

INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Other Electronic and
Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81121900
SIC CODES:
76990700
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Chairs
     ·    Lifts
     ·    Platforms
     ·    Scooters
     ·    Seating
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Vans
     ·    Wheelchairs


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Automotive Seats
     ·    Lifts
     ·    Platform Lifts
     ·    Platforms
     ·    Seats
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Vans
     ·    Wheelchairs
     ·    Access Doors
     ·    Sliding Doors
     ·    Vertical Doors
     ·    Wheel Drives


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Bridging
     ·    Maintenance Services
     ·    Rentals
     ·    Security Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Gold
     ·    Ice
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sulphur


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Clarkston Chrysler-jeep, American Honda Motor Co. Inc.


OTHER KEYWORDS:  AC Motors, Access Doors, Acme Screws, Actuators, Air Bags,
Angles, Arrows, Automobiles, Automotive Carpets, Automotive Seats, Back-Up
Alarms, Backpacks, Bay Windows, Bearings, Beds, Belts, Benches, Boats,
Bookmarks, Brakes, Bridging, Brochures, Buses, Buttons, Cabs, Can Handles,
Canopies, Chairs, Channels, Circuit Breakers, Compasses, Compressors, Consoles,
Controllers, Cord, Cornerstones, Cranks, Curbs, Curved Stairs, Cushions, DC
Motors, Decks, Disc Brakes, Dome Switches, Domes, Door Frames, DVD Players,
Electrical Actuators, Elements, Emergency Stop Switches, Engine Covers,
Fasteners, Feet, Filters, Firewalls, Flats, Flooring, Garages, Gears,
Generators, Glides, Gold, Gravel, Guides, Hand Controls, Handrails, Hardware,
Hatches, Hitches, Horns, Hubs, HVAC Controls, HVAC Systems, Hydraulic Actuators,
Hydraulic Lifts, Hydraulic Pumps, Ice, Interlocks, Keychains, Keypads,
Keystones, LCD Monitors, Leather, LED Indicators, Levers, Lift Chairs, Lift
Platforms, Lifters, Lifts, Lighting, Lights, Limit Switches, Maintenance
Services, Measures, Mechanisms, Mercury, Mountings, Nets, Overalls, Paddles,
Panels, Pendants, Pickup Trucks, Pivots, Plastic Covers, Plastics, Platform
Lifts, Platforms, Posts, Power Doors, Power Systems, Pressure Controls, Price
Tags, Profiles, Promotional, Rails, Ramps, Ratchets, Remote Controls, Rentals,
Restraints, Rubber, Running Boards, Safety Belts, Safety Switches, Salt, Scooter
Lifts, Scooters, Scopes, Seating, Seats, Security Services, Shears, Showers,
Showrooms, Siennas, Signals, Silver, Sliding Doors, Solutions, Special Tools,
Springs, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel Cables, Stainless Steel Hardware,
Stairs, Steel, Steel Cables, Steering Wheels, Stickers, Suits, Sulphur,
Suspensions, Tags, Tailgates, Telephones, Tires, Towers, Trailer Hitches,
Transitions, Transmission Interlocks, Transmissions, Transporters, Truck Lifts,
Utility Vehicles, Van Bodies, Vans, Vertical Doors, Vinyl Covers, Vinyl
Flooring, Wheel Chairs, Wheel Drives, Wheelchair Lifts, Wheelchair Ramps,
Wheelchairs, Wipers, Wood Panels

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NFP-17-S-0004

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 30, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation 12-1NFP-17-S-0004 (2000004430) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NFP-17-S-0004

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 22, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation 12-1NFP-17-S-0004 (2000004430) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NMP-17-S-0003

Notice Type: Presolicitation
Posted Date: November 4, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation 12-1NMP-17-S-0003 (2000004408) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice, Contracting Officer cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFP-S-17-0002

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 20, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-17-0002 (2000004372) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFP-S-17-0002

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 20, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-17-0002 (2000004372) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFP-S-17-0002

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 20, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-17-0002 (2000004372) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFP-S-17-0002

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 20, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-17-0002 (2000004372) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INMP-S-16-0031

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: September 15, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-16-0031 (2000004306) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INMP-S-16-0031

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: September 15, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-16-0031 (2000004306) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAP-S-16-0018

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: March 23, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-16-0018 (2000003943) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica N Green, Contract Specialist
jessica.green@kcc.usda.gov Phone: (816) 926-1109 Fax: (816) 823-1640


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAP-S-16-0009

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 12, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-16-0009 (2000003803) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber, Contracting Officer dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INMP-S-16-0010

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 12, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-16-0010 (2000003807) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber, Contracting Officer dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFP-S-16-0008

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 31, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-16-0008 (2000003777) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber, Contracting Officer dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847


LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 26, 2015 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFP-S-16-0008

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 23, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-16-0008 (2000003777) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber, Contracting Officer dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847


LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011                 Posted on:  June 18, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 05, 20149:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=dfee61fb508d0baa730f71bab8fd31ad&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             June 15, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

N.C. farmers to get storm aid

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 76  words


RALEIGH -- Farmers will receive $2.4 million in federal aid for fence repairs,
debris removal and farmland restoration after Hurricane Isabel last September,
state officials announced Monday.

The U.S. Agriculture Department's Emergency Conservation Program has agreed to
repay the state farmers, who applied for $8 million in program assistance
following the storm.

Eligible farmers will receive reimbursements of up to 64 percent of the cost of
approved work.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           February 10, 2008, Sunday

BUSINESS FACES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 475 words


Law

Bowles Rice McDavid Graff & Love LLP has hired Robert Hogan and Erin Bailey to
the firm's Charleston office. Hogan, a law graduate of the College of William &
Mary, practices in professional liability, complex litigation, products
liability and insurance litigation. He has been an adjunct professor of
engineering law at Marshall University College of Information Technology and
Engineering. Bailey, a law graduate of Emory University, practices in trusts and
estates.

---

Legal Aid of West Virginia has hired Jennifer Jordan as resource development
director. She earned a master of arts degree in public policy from West Virginia
University and had worked for Terrell Ellis & Associates and the West Virginia
State University Gus R. Douglass Institute for Agricultural, Consumer,
Environmental and Outreach Programs.

Banking

First State Bank has promoted Tina Wellman and Tanner James. Wellman, a First
State employee for five years, is now branch manager at the bank's Huntington
branch. She had been a customer service representative. James is now full-time
personal banker, having been a part-time personal banker for a year.

Higher education

West Virginia State University Gus R. Douglass Institute for Agricultural,
Consumer, Environmental and Outreach Programs has hired Mary Legg as its rural
business services program coordinator, responsible for Fayette, Greenbrier,
Nicholas, McDowell, Mercer, Monroe, Pocahontas, Raleigh, Summers, Webster and
Wyoming counties. Legg is a graduate of West Virginia University with a bachelor
of science degree in animal and veterinary sciences and has worked for the state
Department of Agriculture in Oak Hill.

Telecom

U.S. Cellular has promoted Bertram Daniels to area sales manager for West
Virginia, Maryland and Pennsylvania. Daniels has worked for U.S. Cellular since
2003 and had been interim area sales manager. Before joining the company he
worked in management at Kmart Corp. and Montgomery Ward Co. Daniels has a
bachelor of science degree in business management from Benedict College in
Columbia, S.C.

Engineering

Chapman Technical Group has hired Amy Farnsworth as the receptionist for its
Buckhannon office, Ashley Starcher as a computer-aided designer specializing in
architectural work in its St. Albans office and Matt Deal as a civil engineer in
the St. Albans office. The architectural and engineering firm has offices in St.
Albans, Buckhannon and Martinsburg.

E-mail announcements of hires, promotions, elections and awards received from
outside your organization to gazette@wvgazette.com, attaching photographs in
JPEG format. Make sure that e-mail submissions allow for content-copying.
Submissions can also be mailed to Business Editor, The Charleston Gazette, 1001
Virginia St. E., Charleston, WV 25301, and text-only items can be faxed to (304)
348-1233. Call (304) 348-5179 with questions.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    September 1, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. ponders expanded food donations to Poland

BYLINE: United Press International

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: Washington,D.C.


  U.S. President George Bush is considering an expanded emergency food aid plan
for Poland, Senate Republican leader Robert Dole said yesterday

''There are a lot of things they need, but primarily it's food,'' said Dole, who
visited Poland last week and then briefed Bush on the trip. ''I don't think
people are starving, but they want to fill the shelves.'' He specifically
mentioned products such as pork and butter.

Dole said Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter is ''looking at options'' and
Yeutter said yesterday that while no decision has been made on any additional
food aid, the idea of including pork in a proposal is ''on the front burner.''

The administration has already announced a food aid plan for Poland, including
products such as corn and butter. Pork would be a addition.

Dole would not place a dollar figure on the plan.

Bush, during a July address to Poland's new parliament, proposed a
US$115-million aid package.

However, since then, the non-communist government headed by Tadeusz Mazowiecki,
a former leader of the once-banned Solidarity trade union, has been formed and
the Bush administration has come under pressure to show the U.S. is firmly
behind the pro-democracy movement.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Horse Health USA

                              2780 Richville Dr SE
                              Massillon,  OH 44646
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 330-830-2762
URL: http://www.horsehealthusa.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Horse-Health-USA/
227621523954093
https://www.youtube.com/user/Durvet

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 41127164

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Horse Health USA is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Cleaners,
First Aid, First Aid Supplies, Herbs, Lubricants, and 13 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Horse Health USA does business in the
Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 29 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Horse Health USA has at least 3 business locations.
The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Why pay more? SAVE BIG on
horse supplies at discount prices: supplements, wormers, vaccines, fly control,
natural supplements and more horse care from Horse Health USA. Rock bottom
dewormer prices. FREE shipping on 1, 700 items. Free stuff, promos and new
products. Same day shipping. 70 Years of expertise. Free horse catalogs."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Drugs and Druggists' Sundries Merchant
Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42421014
SIC CODES:
51220308
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Cleaners
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Herbs
     ·    Lubricants
     ·    Seed
     ·    Essential Oils
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Lubricants
     ·    Mineral Oils
     ·    Mink Oils
     ·    Spray Lubricants


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Engraving
     ·    Milling


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ascorbic Acid
     ·    Benzyl
     ·    Benzyl Benzoate
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Chalk
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Copper
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Enzymes
     ·    Fatty Acid
     ·    Foam Boards
     ·    Folic Acid
     ·    Gels
     ·    Gold
     ·    Ice
     ·    Insulin
     ·    Iron
     ·    Leather Dyes
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Manganese
     ·    Marble
     ·    Melamine
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Rayon
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Steel
     ·    Turpentine


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acid, Additives, Adhesive Removers, Adhesive Tapes,
Aerosols, Alcohol, Antioxidants, Antiseptics, Applicators, Arrows, Ascorbic
Acid, Aspirin, Bands, Barns, Barrels, Beacons, Bells, Benzyl, Benzyl Benzoate,
Biologicals, Bladders, Blanket Pins, Blisters, Boosters, Boots, Botanicals,
Bridles, Brushes, Buckles, Bull Snaps, Buttons, Calcium, Capsules, Cartridges,
Catheters, Chalk, Chaps, Chemicals, Chicago Screws, Chisels, Cleaners, Cloth,
Coats, Containers, Control Systems, Cookies, Copper, Cord, Corrals, Cotton,
Coupons, Credit Cards, Curbs, Curry Combs, Cushions, Digital Thermometers,
Disinfectants, Disposable Syringes, Doghouses, Dollies, Echinacea, EDM, Elastic
Adhesives, Elements, Eliminators, Engraving, Enzymes, Equipment & Accessories,
Essential Oils, Eye Screws, Fatty Acid, Feeders, Feeds, Feet, Felt, Fence Posts,
Fences, Fencing, Fiber, Finishing Brushes, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid
Supplies, Flat Link Chains, Flats, Float Valves, Foam Boards, Folic Acid,
Footwear, Gate Latches, Gears, Gels, Gold, Gold Paste, Grasses, Gravel, Guards,
Guides, Gum, Guns, Handle Grips, Hardware, Hats, Helmets, Herbs, Honeycomb,
Horns, Hubs, Ice, Insulin, Iron, Jacks, Jars, Jerseys, Jugs, Lasers, Latex
Gloves, Leather, Leather Cleaners, Leather Conditioners, Leather Dyes, Lifts,
Lights, Linings, Litters, Lubricants, Luers, Magnesium, Manganese, Marble,
Masks, Measures, Measuring Scoops, Melamine, Milling, Mineral Oils, Mink Oils,
Mist Sprayers, Mountings, Neoprene, Nippers, Nipples, Nylon, O-Rings, Ointments,
Organic, Overalls, Oxygen, Padding, Paint Brushes, Panels, Paste Soap, Patches,
Pens, Pesticides, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Pins, Plastics,
Platforms, Pliers, Plungers, Polish, Posts, Potassium, Preservatives, Putty,
Quick Links, Rails, Rakes, Rasps, Rayon, Refractometers, Registers, Removers,
Repair Kits, Rings, Rounds, Rubber, Rubber Buckets, Rubber Overshoes, Rubber
Stoppers, Saddle Soap, Saddles, Salt, Satins, Sauces, Scoops, Scrapers,
Scrubbers, Scrubs, Seats, Seed, Sheds, Sheets, Shoes, Shovels, Silver, Sleeves,
Snacks, Soap, Sodium, Solutions, Spray Bottles, Spray Lubricants, Sprayers,
Sprays, Springs, Steel, Stethoscopes, Stools, Stoppers, Suspensions, Swivel
Snaps, Syringes, Tablets, Teas, Tees, Thermometers, Towels, Transitions, Traps,
Trigger Sprayers, Trim, Trimmers, Trimmings, Trophies, Tubs, Turpentine, Twisted
Wire, Vacuum Cleaner, Vacuum Cleaners, Wafer, Wafers, Wall Brackets, Washers,
Water Buckets, Wedges, Wheelbarrows, Wire, Wool, Work Shoes, Worms, X-Ray,
Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 30, 1986, Wednesday, Final Edition

Drought Disaster Aid Asked for 34 Va. Counties

BYLINE: By Donald P. Baker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B1

LENGTH: 798 words


Gov. Gerald L. Baliles asked the federal government yesterday for disaster aid
for 34 Virginia counties, including Loudoun, Prince William and Fauquier,
because of "unabated drought conditions."

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng, acting on an earlier Baliles
request, yesterday declared farmers in 17 other Virginia counties eligible for
low-interest federal loans and reduced prices on livestock feed.

Baliles said that in the 51 counties, "Our crops -- corn, hay, soybeans,
vegetables -- will lose 47 percent of their value," or about $200 million.

Maryland Gov. Harry Hughes also appealed to Lyng yesterday, asking him to "cut
through the red tape" at the Department of Agriculture in processing requests
for disaster relief for farmers in 21 of Maryland's 23 counties.

"More needs to be done," Hughes said in a letter to Lyng, adding that one-third
of Maryland's farmers are in financial difficulty and that "at least 10 percent
may encounter financial ruin."

Drought damage in Maryland has reached $118 million, or about one-third of the
cash annually received for crops in the state, Hughes said.

Throughout the rain-starved Southeast, drought damage is estimated at $1.9
billion.

Hughes called on the Agriculture Department to "consider free feed assistance"
by giving "government-owned grain, stored at government expense," to needy
farmers. He said low-interest federal loans are "likely to help few farmers, due
to stringent eligibility requirements."

Baliles also asked Lyng to "determine what other action USDA can take to assist
Virginia farmers and livestock producers to acquire necessary hay and feed."

He noted that farmers in declared disaster areas must qualify for loans on an
individual basis and that "given the existing heavy debt loads held by many
farmers, another loan may be little or no help."

In Prince William County, hay and pasture lands are suffering the most. "We lost
the first and second cuttings, and you just can't make that up," said Neal
Vines, an area farm management agent for the state cooperative extension
service.

Because of the parched pastures, Vines said, farmers have resorted to feeding
cattle with hay that had been set aside for the winter. Others are buying hay,
but "at $100 a ton delivered, you have to push a pencil hard to make that pay,"
he said.

Some farmers are selling calves at lighter weight and culling heavy cattle from
their herds in an attempt to retain enough forage to carry them through the
winter, he said. "But with grain, there's nothing to cull. You just have to take
your lumps and hope for better next year," Vines said.

Virginia agriculture officials estimate that 58 percent of Prince William's
normal agricultural production, valued at $3.1 million, has been lost. In
Fauquier, losses were estimated at $11.6 million, or 63 percent.

Corn is the big cash crop in most Virginia counties, and except for some fields
that were planted late and benefited from recent rains, it is too late for help,
officials said.

"It's all gone now; the damage is done for this year," said Gary Hornbaker, the
agriculture extension agent in Loudoun County, where damage to the 500 full-time
farmers is estimated at $11.1 million, or 56 percent of normal production.

"Farmers say it's as bad as the '30s because it got so dry so early," Hornbaker
said.

Because Loudoun is contiguous to one of the 17 counties -- Clarke -- declared a
disaster area yesterday, it will automatically qualify for relief; 37 other
counties will qualify in the same manner.

Baliles said that 12 of the 34 counties for which aid was sought yesterday still
need to qualify. Also, 15 counties that did not request aid have qualified under
the contiguous-area policy. State officials are assessing damage in eight other
counties whose boards of supervisors have requested help since Friday.

The Virginia Department of Emergency Services is discussing with the federal
Small Business Administration the possibility of getting economic injury
assistance for businesses that have suffered losses as a result of the drought.

The Virginia Department of Agriculture has set up a toll-free telephone number
-- (800) 552-1833 -- for farmers who need hay. Persons who want to donate hay
and feed are asked to call (804) 786-3947.

"Americans usually show their best when times are toughest, and now is no
exception," said Baliles in announcing "a true act of kindness" from farmers and
business leaders in Bucks County, Pa., who plan to deliver hay to Virginia on
Saturday.

The hay is to be distributed at the Southside Market in Blackstone on a
first-come, first-served basis, with a 50-bale limit.

Hughes' press secretary, Hirsh Goldberg, said Hughes will announce a series of
state initiatives tomorrow to aid farmers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map, no caption, THE WASHINGTON POST

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          November 17, 2010 Wednesday
                                   L2 Edition

Help support global agriculture efforts

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 555 words


Help support global agriculture efforts

One in six people around the world goes to sleep hungry every night. This is a
global emergency which has significant impact on health, education and work
productivity in Africa and other parts of the world. This Thanksgiving season,
as it's customary to look back and be thankful for what we have, I hope many
would consider joining me in sharing our good fortune as Americans by helping in
the global fight against poverty and hunger.

Investing in agriculture is one of the best ways to combat extreme poverty.
According to World Bank estimates, growth in the agriculture sector is twice as
effective at reducing poverty as growth in other sectors. Smart aid targeted at
agricultural development is far more effective and less expensive than emergency
food response. We must not wait for another food emergency before we act.

In addition, investing in agriculture in Africa is an investment in Africa's
women. Women produce nearly 80 percent of Africa's food, and more than
two-thirds of African women are employed in agriculture. When women earn money
they feed their children and send them to school, directly improving health care
and education in their families and in their communities.

This week I called Sen. Durbin and our newly elected Sen. Kirk to ask for their
support in protecting the proposed $1.3 billion for global agricultural programs
as part of the FY2011 budget. This is the kind of aid that would ensure that
less aid is needed in the long run -- it will help Africa help itself.

I still plan on giving to a local food bank, I care about the problem of hunger
in the Chicago area, but I'll know that I've also made a difference in the
global fight against poverty. Please join me and call your senators today.

Tzviatko Chiderov

Glenview

Keep tax funds away from Wrigley fixup

It sure didn't take long to come begging, and now the Ricketts family wants the
taxpayers, and it will be the taxpayers, to pony up $200 million bucks to
renovate Wrigley Field. The money is to be paid back with higher ticket and
concession prices.

The Ricketts family paid somewhere around $850 million to buy the Cubs. Maybe if
they check under the couch cushions in their homes they can find enough to
finance their own remodeling job.

Timothy D. O'Reilly

Chicago

You are free because of their sacrifices

This morning you woke up and were able to choose from a myriad of newspapers to
read that tell you what is happening in our world, what good (and bad) our
nation's leaders are up to, what our favorite sports teams did.

After reading the paper you headed off to your job, or maybe you started a new
business or you did something else you were free to do. Maybe you wrote a letter
to your congressman or senator, or you wrote a letter to the editor of your
local paper, or you stood on a street corner telling people about something you
feel is wrong with this country.

You were able to do all of those things -- and more -- because of a veteran who
stood up and fought against an enemy who thinks that our way of living is
immoral or unjust or too free. Find a veteran to thank. Buy him or her a coffee
or a meal. Ask veterans to tell you about their service or how their families
and friends supported them while they supported us. To all of you who gave so
much for all of us, thank you!

Bill Tucker

Palatine

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

Senator calls for help for farmers

BYLINE: Nick Reisman, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words


Jun. 24--U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., plans to introduce legislation
she said will provide temporary aid to dairy farmers reeling from historically
low wholesale milk prices.

The measure would double the amount of money producers receive from the Milk
Income Lost Contract, a program designed to help dairy farmers recoup losses
during periods of low wholesale prices.

The measure, she said, is estimated to cost $200 million. It would be
retroactive to March 2009, around the time milk prices began their most recent
decline.

At the same time, Gillibrand is also calling for a series of hearings to reform
the archaic milk pricing structure that she said is broken.

She plans to hold a special committee meeting of the Senate's Agriculture
Committee in August in Batavia.

"Clearly, the system is not working," Gillibrand said in a conference call with
reporters Tuesday afternoon. "The cyclical prices do not reflect cost of
production. There's no correlation between the price our farmers pay and the
price we pay at the supermarket."

Farmers receive payments for the milk they produce based on the hundredweight,
which equals 100 pounds of milk. A healthy wholesale price is considered to be
$19 or more per hundredweight. The price stands at $13.33 and has fluctuated
wildly over the past five years.

Agriculture advocates are concerned the recent price decline, combined with the
economic recession, will drive smaller dairy farmers out of business.

Gillibrand acknowledged any change in pricing policies would be fraught with
disagreements between milk haulers and states with huge dairy operations.

"We're going to look at the whole chain," Gillibrand said. "We want to make sure
this works for everyone."

The goal is to have a fairer pricing structure in place for the 2012 Farm Bill,
a massive agriculture bill passed every five years by Congress.

In the meantime, Gillibrand is also hopeful the additional funds for farmers
would be approved by the end of the summer.

"We're making sure that when we do give funding for farmers we're giving it to
the small farmers," she said. "I would like to do it before the break because
our dairy farmers are hurting."

Gillibrand said she has asked to meet with U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom
Vilsack, the former governor of Iowa, to discuss the issue.

New York Farm Bureau spokesman Peter Gregg said the expansion of aid to farmers
isn't a cure-all.

"But every little bit helps," he said.

As for changing the way the pricing system works, Gregg said it is long overdue.

"It's very cumbersome and outdated by many people's opinion," he said. "As an
industry, we need to take a look at it and have different solutions."

Sandy Buxton, a farm business educator at the Washington County Cornell
Cooperative Extension, agreed that increasing aid to the program, commonly known
as MILC, is a short-term solution.

"The MILC thing is a Band-Aid," Buxton said. "But in times of desperation, it's
better than nothing. The risk we take is basically trying to spend ourselves to
a better position."

Farmers are finding it increasingly difficult to reduce costs, as bills and debt
continue to increase.

Regular funding from the government earmarked for farmers struggling to pay off
debt and everyday bills dried up earlier this year, Buxton said.

"It's not possible for farmers to cut back enough," she said. "You have to
borrow money just to pay your bills."

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090624-GN-HELP-FARMERS-20090624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2009 The Post-Star


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 18, 1981, Saturday, Final Edition

U.S. on Verge of Initiating Food Aid;
Administration Is on the Verge of Initiating Food Aid to Poland

BYLINE: By Murrey Marder, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1182 words


The Reagan administration is on the verge of initiating emergency food aid to
Poland, and is exploring the question of possible parallel East-West long term
support to salvage the shattered Polish economy.

Sources in the administration and in Congress confirmed yesterday that both
approaches to the crisis in Poland are under serious consideration.  The
question of emergency food credits to Poland is awaiting President Regan's
decision, and will require some form of congressional action.  The broader issue
of possible loans or credits for Poland in the multibillion-dollar range, by
contrast, is in the most preliminary stages of exploration.

In its unique Communist Party Congress this week, Poland is searching
precariously for a degree of democracy that can provide Poles with greater
freedom and simultaneously forestall the threat of Soviet intervention to crush
Poland's year-long experiment in reaching for new freedom within the Communist
bloc.

Informed sources said the long-term problem in Poland may be discussed in a
preliminary way at the economic summit conference in Ottawa next week.  Even
raising the question of possible parallel East-West efforts for long-term aid to
a foundering Communist economy is virtually unprecedented since the Soviet Union
blocked Czechoslovakia from entertaining the Marshall Plan after the end of
World War II.

It is improbable, several administration officials said, that the heads of
government meeting in Ottawa can do much more at this stage than underscore high
western interest in the fate of Poland.  At this stage, no one -- including the
Soviet Union -- can forecast with certainty what will emerge from the current
Polish Communist Party Congress, one senior official said.  "Nobody will make
any commitments," he said, "until we know where the Poles are going."

Several members of Congress said yesterday that Secretary of Agriculture John R.
Block has now "signed on" to a plan to authorize supplying Poland with 400,000
tons of corn in new credits under the Commodity Credit Corp.'s program.  The
cost of that grain, intended to provide emergency food to Poland and to prevent
the collapse of its American-stimulated chicken breeding industry, was
previously said to be $80 million.  An administration official said yesterday
that a recalculation of the cost now puts it at $60 million.

In Columbus, Ohio, where Block yesterday addressed the annual convention of the
National Corn Growers Association, he limited himself at a press conference to
stating that the question of emergency corn aid for Poland "is being discussed
at the highest levels of government."

House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Clement J. Zablocki (C-Wis.) said in
mid-afternoon that "is is my understanding that just today the secretary of
agriculture has okayed the emergency shipment." However, Zablocki said, "there
is a problem that has to be resolved on the floor of Congress, by legislation or
by [evidence of] legislative intent" to clear the legal barriers to send the
corn to Poland.

A prime mover in the campaign to obtain new food aid for Poland, Rep. Edward J.
Derwinski (R-Ill.), said "the whole administration is now on board" for the corn
shipment.  What is under way, Derwinski said, is "a politically
non-controversial approach to the Polish problem." He added that in this
process, "I do not see anything that would provoke Soviet reaction," and in
addition, providing new food aid for Poland "also conforms with [American]
agricultural interests."

"I am very optimistic" that the Reagan administration will carry through the
food commitment for Poland, Derwinski said.  The intention to do so, he said,
will be supportive of Poland's political reformers at a very delicate time for
the future of Poland.  State Department officials said they fully agree.

Another advocate of emergency aid for Poland, Rep. Paul R. Findley (R-Ill.) who
is a member of the Foreign Affairs and the Agriculture committees of the House,
said that "if it requires legislation, we will try to get it through as a
separate piece of legislation." To wait until the new agriculture bill reaches
the floor, as some others suggested, Findley said, means waiting "until
September" and then entangling the Polish issue in the "highly complex" and
controversial legislation on American agricultural.

Administration officials at all levels generally declined to talk for the record
at this time on what they are discussing about possible long-term remedies for
Poland's massive economic dilemma.  Poland's new economics minister, Zbigniew
Madej, said in his first public address earlier this month that Poland faces a
grueling struggle for at least five years in order to get back to its 1978 level
of national income.  "Unless we start on economic reform immediately, from
today," he said grimly, "nothing can save us from catastrophe, from a total
breakdown of our economy."

Various ideas are being canvassed inside the administration about possible
western efforts to help salvage the Polish economy.  All of them, as one
official said in private, "are based on the assumption -- the expectation --
that the Soviet Union will pay its share and that means at least 50 percent."
tPoland's current debt to the West is about $26 billion.  According to an
official American calculation, the Soviet Union during the past year extended to
Poland about $3 billion worth of financial and credit benefits, including debt
rescheduling, of which "something under $1 billion" was in "hard currency," and
the balance in "soft currency" benefits.

What some analysts within the Reagan administration are speculating about is
that in order "to save Poland from bankruptcy," in addition to the support in
might get from the Soviet Union and other Eastern European nations, it may need
something on the order of $1 billion to $2 billion of western loans and credits
for several years, perhaps five or more.

"This is all hypothetical," one authoritative official source emphasized.
Nevertheless, in embryonic form, specialists are beginning to "try to think
through the problem," as one expressed it, "even though there is no specific
plan worked out," and "no hard calculations can even be made" by anyone except
the authorities in Poland.

Some specialists think it improbably that the Soviet Union ever would agree to
permit an institution such as the International Monetary Fund to operate a
stabilization plan for Poland's economy; others argue, "what real alternative
does the Kremlin have, except [military] intervention?" And that, they
underscore, would "only compound the problem for the Soviet Union -- not solve
it."

Poland's current failure to meet its commitments to deliver goods and raw
materials to neighboring Communist nations already is seriously disrupting their
economic planning.  Soviet military intervention in Poland would not produce
more goods; it almost surely would produce less -- even at gunpoint -- western
specialists are convinced, with rippling consequences throughout the Soviet
bloc.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: January 13, 2015

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: January 13, 2015

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: December 10, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: December 05, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: December 03, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: November 17, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: October 30, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: October 08, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&modeeditorial@plusmediasolution.com=ca41
8bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&tab=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding
this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no.   AG-INAP-S-13-0008  Posted on:  September 29, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0008 (2000001570) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Jan 09, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=c70bbc8ea7389f6e0257edb5a19a34bb&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011         Posted on: September 26, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 05, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=e3e114ebb1990e6dd8c246305557433d&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: September 19, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=cf01c22f33cd8b5e80d142f287669aa6&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013       Posted on: September 18, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=09d895b57690f7ee33c6cdf264a79b83&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0012               Posted on:  September 17, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0012 (2000001663) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 26, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=9d5e3babc309cf29d00238324b1e1f79&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0021      Posted on: September 08, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0021 (2000001842) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Jun 11, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Debbie Martinek,
Contracting Officer
deborah.martinek@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 8169266088

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/?s=opportunity&mode=0435636a29da1bd3ca5e676e9810d619&tab=cor
e&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: August 19, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=cf01c22f33cd8b5e80d142f287669aa6&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0005       Posted on:  August 12, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0005 (2000001488) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Dec 04, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ab132ffa45cb08cdaba826c33afcdc7a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 4, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no.   AG-INAP-S-13-0008  Posted on:  August 04, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0008 (2000001570) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Jan 09, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=c70bbc8ea7389f6e0257edb5a19a34bb&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013       Posted on: August 01, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=09d895b57690f7ee33c6cdf264a79b83&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: July 30, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ca418bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: July 25, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ca418bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0012               Posted on:  July 24, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0012 (2000001663) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 26, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=9d5e3babc309cf29d00238324b1e1f79&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: July 17, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ca418bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: July 14, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ca418bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013       Posted on: July 11, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=09d895b57690f7ee33c6cdf264a79b83&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013       Posted on: July 08, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=09d895b57690f7ee33c6cdf264a79b83&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013       Posted on: July 01, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=09d895b57690f7ee33c6cdf264a79b83&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  June 24, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2014 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18953937bca1d886627317a1d9d4fd0c&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0013      Posted on: June 09, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0013 (2000001665) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=cf01c22f33cd8b5e80d142f287669aa6&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  June 04, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18953937bca1d886627317a1d9d4fd0c&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011    Posted on: May 23, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 05, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=e3e114ebb1990e6dd8c246305557433d&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0021      Posted on: May 16, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0021 (2000001842) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Jun 11, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Debbie Martinek,
Contracting Officer
deborah.martinek@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 8169266088

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/?s=opportunity&mode=0435636a29da1bd3ca5e676e9810d619&tab=cor
e&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0005       Posted on:  May 09, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0005 (2000001488) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Dec 04, 2012 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ab132ffa45cb08cdaba826c33afcdc7a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011         Posted on: May 07, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 05, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=e3e114ebb1990e6dd8c246305557433d&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011                 Posted on:  May 07, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 05, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=dfee61fb508d0baa730f71bab8fd31ad&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  May 02, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18953937bca1d886627317a1d9d4fd0c&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 30, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0008        Posted on: April 30, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0008 (2000001570) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 09, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=c70bbc8ea7389f6e0257edb5a19a34bb&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011         Posted on: April 18, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 05, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=e3e114ebb1990e6dd8c246305557433d&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011                 Posted on:  April 17, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 05, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=dfee61fb508d0baa730f71bab8fd31ad&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0008        Posted on: April 03, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0008 (2000001570) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 09, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=c70bbc8ea7389f6e0257edb5a19a34bb&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011                 Posted on:  April 01, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 05, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=dfee61fb508d0baa730f71bab8fd31ad&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INMP-S-13-0011         Posted on: March 31, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-13-0011 (2000001618) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 05, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=e3e114ebb1990e6dd8c246305557433d&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


 [#xfeff]

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  March 20, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=de3ad55b0e34f2f0143b582408a59f81&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: March 17, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ca418bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  March 13, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18953937bca1d886627317a1d9d4fd0c&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0008        Posted on: March 04, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0008 (2000001570) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 09, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=c70bbc8ea7389f6e0257edb5a19a34bb&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  February 20, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=de3ad55b0e34f2f0143b582408a59f81&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  February 13, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18953937bca1d886627317a1d9d4fd0c&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0015          Posted on:  January 14, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0015 (2000001710) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 20, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18953937bca1d886627317a1d9d4fd0c&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: December 17, 2013

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ca418bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0027 Posted on: Aug 26, 2013

Notice Type: Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0027 (2000001934) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Aug 06, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=4c45eda576872e066a32ddfe159
41a0a&tab=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other
content needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0024    Posted on: Aug 16, 2013

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0024 (2000001907) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jul 16, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=66d51f8ee6526457aff81424c28
d7bac&tab=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other
content needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 14, 2013 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAP-S-13-0010         Posted on: May 14, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INAP-S-13-0010 (2000001598) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 29, 2013 9:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=ca418bec7310959c77ed70c8d9113c4a&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: NMSU's College of Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental Sciences
ranked sixth nationally as best value

LENGTH: 441 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Santa Fe: New Mexico State University, The State of New Mexico has issued the
following news release:



 New Mexico State University's College of Agricultural, Consumer and
Environmental Sciences took sixth place in a recent ranking by College Values
Online as one of the nation's best values among agriculture colleges.





 NMSU's Gerald Thomas Hall

 New Mexico State University's College of Agricultural, Consumer and
Environmental Sciences has been rated sixth in the nation as a Best Value
Agriculture College.



 The Best Value Agriculture Colleges ranking measured the top 30 agriculture
schools in the country by comparing each school's average 20-year net return on
investment as calculated and posted by payscale.com. The schools also were rated
on the cost of tuition, percentage of students receiving financial aid and the
number of agricultural programs available at the school.



 &ldquo;This ranking is a direct recognition of the hard work and effort as well
as the amazing dedication of all of the faculty and staff of the College of
Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental Sciences at New Mexico State
University,&rdquo; said Interim Dean Jim Libbin. &ldquo;It is also a major
tribute to the leadership of our former dean, Lowell Catlett, who led the
college during the decade before the announcement. We already knew this ranking
to be true, now the rest of the country and world know what a true gem the NMSU
College of ACES is.&rdquo;



 College Values Online noted that ranking the Best Value Agriculture Colleges is
relevant for students today when one realizes that agriculture is still one of
the largest industries in the United States. It noted that in 2010, $115 billion
in agricultural goods were exported from the United States, according to the
American Farm Bureau Federation.



 &ldquo;The agriculture industry doesn't just grow food. It also engineers food,
evaluates soil, finds ways to minimize environmental impact, develops new
methods for resource and energy conservation, and sells and markets agricultural
products,&rdquo; according to College Values Online. &ldquo;And that's just the
tip of the iceberg. The agricultural industry offers a huge number of career
options, and we want to connect you with the top 30 agricultural degree programs
that constitute the best value for your time and money investment.&rdquo;



 NMSU was rated ahead of numerous other larger universities, such as the
University of California, Davis ( number 20), Penn State (number 22) and
Colorado State University (number 26).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           August 15, 2007 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Bush approves livestock disaster aid for producers excluded in earlier bill

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 289 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - President Bush has signed legislation co-authored by Sen. Jim
Inhofe that will ensure livestock producers affected by natural disasters in the
past few years are eligible to receive disaster aid approved by Congress earlier
this year.

The bill became necessary after the U.S. Department of Agriculture interpreted
the disaster aid legislation in a way that excluded all livestock producers who
didn't have Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance coverage. Bush signed the bill
Monday.

According to the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, that interpretation
excluded the majority of the nation's livestock producers.

Inhofe said recently, "Oklahoma's agriculture producers have suffered serious
setbacks in the past few years from natural disasters. Due to USDA
interpretation of language currently in the agriculture disaster aid package, up
to 90 percent of those eligible for livestock disaster assistance would be
prevented from receiving aid. This legislative fix restores Congress' original
intent, providing needed disaster assistance to Oklahoma farmers and ranchers."

Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Cheyenne, authored an amendment to the farm bill passed by
the House last month to accomplish the same objective as the bill signed by
Bush.

The $3 billion in agriculture disaster aid was part of the wartime supplemental
spending bill. The assistance for livestock producers can come from the
Livestock Indemnity Program, for livestock losses, or the Livestock Compensation
Program, for grazing and other losses.

Livestock producers in counties that experienced a USDA-declared disaster can
apply for aid for losses in one of the past three years. Lucas said Oklahoma
producers were hit by  wildfires, drought and heavy snow.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 16, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CLINTON PLANS SUMMIT WITH EIGHT GOVERNORS DURING ST. LOUIS STOP

BYLINE: Charlotte Grimes Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With eight Midwestern governors on hand, President Bill Clinton will convene
what amounts to a flood summit in St. Louis on Saturday.  The unusual gathering
is expected to include state and local disaster relief officials, as well as
members of Congress from the affected areas.  Details of Clinton's trip to St.
Louis were sketchy.  Several members of the Missouri and Illinois congressional
delegations are expected to attend. Among them will be House Majority Leader
Richard A.  Gephardt, D-Mo., Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo., and Rep. Jim
Talent, R-Chesterfield.  In a briefing with the bipartisan congressional
leadership and delegations, Gephardt said that Clinton had described the meeting
as "a blocking and tackling" session on flood relief.  Bond said that he hoped
"better communications" among federal, state and local officials would come out
of the session.  With Clinton's proposed $2.48 billion aid package, his
administration's overall response to the flood was winning praise Thursday from
flood-state Republicans and Democrats. And administration officials and members
of Congress predicted that federal spending is likely to quadruple - to between
$8 billion and $9 billion.  "We're going to have to have an additional package"
of disaster relief money, said Sen. Paul Simon, D-Ill.  Clinton has left open
the possibility of asking for more money, White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers
said.  Bond and Sen. John C. Danforth of Missouri were among the Republicans
applauding the administration's handling of the disaster. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency, sharply criticized for its sluggish response to the
devastation left by Hurricane Andrew in south Florida last year, has "responded
very promptly" to the flood, Bond said. Danforth said Clinton has been "very
attentive" to the disaster.  Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy said farmers will
get the "lion's share" of their $1 billion in losses from the proposed $2.48
billion aid package. If Congress passes the package, he said, he also would have
the discretion to tap other agriculture department budgets. Even farmers who are
not in the federal crop insurance program will probably recover 50 cents on the
dollar of their losses through a variety of federal aid, Espy said.  Espy,
Simon, and James Lee Witt, head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, all
predicted that the federal spending will reach $8 billion.  Clinton stressed
that the federal government won't be able to cover all the losses from the
flood.  "The federal government has never compensated natural disasters
dollar-for-dollar," Clinton said at a press conference after his meeting with
members of Congress. Some losses could be covered only by low-interest loans and
some federal aid also must be matched by state and local governments, he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 24, 1983, Saturday, Final Edition

Virginia Poultry Farmers May Get Aid for Animals Lost to Avian Flu

BYLINE: From news services and staff reports

SECTION: Metro; Around The Region; B2

LENGTH: 253 words


The office of Sen. John W. Warner (R-Va.) said yesterday advisers to the
Agriculture Department could recommend emergency aid for Virginia poultry
farmers who have lost animals to avian flu.

Warner spokesman Peter Loomis said the group is expected to meet next Wednesday
and could decide whether to declare an emergency in Virginia to move against the
low-strength avian flu.

A mild form of the virus has appeared in Rockingham County, where the state has
destroyed 11,000 turkeys, 36,000 turkey eggs and 24,000 chickens.

The flu claimed 5 million birds in Pennsylvania.

Meanwhile, Virginia state veterinarian George Estes said more cases of avian flu
will probably surface in the Shenandoah Valley.

He said he thought the state had the problem under control.

Estes said he did not expect an epidemic, but said he believed the virus has
been carried to other farms.

Gov. Charles S. Robb expanded a quarantine in an effort to contain the virus.

Warner said the state's congressmen were not seeking at this time to have an
emergency declared with the quarantine.

But Loomis said the advisers could recommend that U.S. Agriculture Secretary
John Block take steps to relieve the farmers who have lost birds to the flu.

Warner met with Virginia Agriculture Commissioner Mason Carbaugh, C.W. McMillan,
assistant agriculture secretary of animal and plant health inspection services,
and representatives of the Virginia poultry industry and Sen. Paul S. Trible Jr.
(R-Va.) and Rep. James R. Olin (D-Va.).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 14, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

Senate Panel Mulls Drought Aid for Farmers

BYLINE: Arthur S. Brisbane, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 547 words


A Senate committee considering drought aid for farmers yesterday heard accounts
of wildly varied weather conditions across the country -- from North Dakota
drought to Gulf States flooding -- amid indications that the Bush administration
may be softening its stand against broad-based farm relief.

Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.), speaking a day after North Dakota Gov. George Sinner
(D) declared a statewide drought disaster, said spring wheat farmers there would
"shudder" to hear that federal assistance would be targeted at winter wheat, as
is proposed in legislation introduced by Sen. Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.).

"Clearly, there is a recognition that other crops besides winter wheat are going
to have to be addressed," Conrad said at the Agriculture Committee hearing.

While North Dakota is baking in dry 100-degree heat, some Gulf states are awash.
"We have had excessive moisture that would flood Noah's Ark," said Sen. John B.
Breaux (D-La.). "Some farmers can't even find the fields."

The hearing, scheduled to be followed by a committee vote on relief next week,
underscored a debate over the allocation of scant federal resources.

Dole, whose state is the top winter wheat producer, has urged Congress to
earmark available funds to protect winter wheat farmers. He argues that the
drought conditions of 1988 are only now being felt on the winter wheat crop and
that those farmers did not benefit from a $ 3.9 billion relief bill aimed at
adverse weather effects on 1988 crops.

Winter wheat, which comprises about 75 percent of the nation's wheat crop, is
planted in the fall and harvested the next year.

Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter has sought to limit 1989 relief to winter
wheat, largely because aid for a wider range of crops could worsen budget
problems for the Bush administration. Yeutter opposes a House bill passed last
month to give out $ 1 billion in disaster aid for an array of farm commodities.

Recent climate conditions that threaten to damage crops other than winter wheat,
however, appear to have undercut the positions of Dole and the administration.

Yeutter, in comments to reporters after a closed-door session with Senate
Republicans Wednesday, said the volatile weather situation is unusual and added,
"We should be open-minded on the issues because of changes of circumstances."

Meanwhile, Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) issued a call
yesterday for relief targeted at "all farmers who need it."

Citing USDA's July crop report, the chairman noted that corn production is
likely to be off this year and that cotton production is sharply down. "We have
a problem in more than just wheat," he said.

In general, analysts say drought conditions are not as severe as in 1988, which
was one of the worst droughts in the nation's history. But changeable weather,
combined with poor subsoil moisture attributable to last year's drought, leaves
open the possibility of more widespread damage to crops than has so far been
reported.

A study by the Congressional Research Service found that drought conditions this
year have undergone "a distinct westward shift" to the Great Plains, the western
Corn Belt, the mountain states, the Pacific Northwest and portions of North
Dakota, Idaho, Washington, Texas and Florida.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Farm Aid Supports New GIPSA Rule

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



  The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Grain Inspection, Packers and
Stockyards Administration (GIPSA) published a series of rules supporting poultry
growers farming under contract with major poultry companies. The trio of rules,
called the "Farmer Fair Practice Rules," address the long-criticized
"tournament" payment system for poultry growers, as well as promote fair
business practices and competitive environments to market livestock and poultry.





 The new regulations are as follows:



 o A rule to clarify that farmers are not required to prove that harms they have
suffered as a result of poultry company violations have also caused harm to
competition throughout the entire poultry sector.



 o A rule to define the term "undue or unreasonable preference or advantage" and
address practices like retaliatory actions against free association and free
speech that many poultry growers have experienced for speaking out against
company practices.



 o A rule to address the "poultry grower ranking" payment system, also called
the "tournament" system, used to force growers to compete against each other
based largely on factors that are controlled by the company and not growers.



 "The people who grow our food need a fair shake and the chance to make a decent
living," said Carolyn Mugar, executive director of Farm Aid. "The majority of
chicken that Americans consume is produced in an industry where the power of a
few giant corporations leaves farmers trapped in a rigged marketplace. We have
worked to tell their stories and are pleased to see this important step in their
fight for justice come to fruition." Mugar applauded Secretary Vilsack and those
who worked tirelessly at USDA "to ensure these critical protections for farmers
saw the light of day."



 Last week, Rural Advancement Foundation International (RAFI-USA) debuted its
documentary, called "Under Contract," on Capitol Hill with support from Farm Aid
, National Family Farm Coalition, National Farmers Union, the National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition and others. "Under Contract" tells the stories
of poultry growers who have struggled with the current system, and shows why the
way that the U.S. does agribusiness must change in order to protect not only
farmers, but also the food supply, from industry abuses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Farm Aid Supports New GIPSA Rule

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



  The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Grain Inspection, Packers and
Stockyards Administration (GIPSA) published a series of rules supporting poultry
growers farming under contract with major poultry companies. The trio of rules,
called the "Farmer Fair Practice Rules," address the long-criticized
"tournament" payment system for poultry growers, as well as promote fair
business practices and competitive environments to market livestock and poultry.





 The new regulations are as follows:



 o A rule to clarify that farmers are not required to prove that harms they have
suffered as a result of poultry company violations have also caused harm to
competition throughout the entire poultry sector.



 o A rule to define the term "undue or unreasonable preference or advantage" and
address practices like retaliatory actions against free association and free
speech that many poultry growers have experienced for speaking out against
company practices.



 o A rule to address the "poultry grower ranking" payment system, also called
the "tournament" system, used to force growers to compete against each other
based largely on factors that are controlled by the company and not growers.



 "The people who grow our food need a fair shake and the chance to make a decent
living," said Carolyn Mugar, executive director of Farm Aid. "The majority of
chicken that Americans consume is produced in an industry where the power of a
few giant corporations leaves farmers trapped in a rigged marketplace. We have
worked to tell their stories and are pleased to see this important step in their
fight for justice come to fruition." Mugar applauded Secretary Vilsack and those
who worked tirelessly at USDA "to ensure these critical protections for farmers
saw the light of day."



 Last week, Rural Advancement Foundation International (RAFI-USA) debuted its
documentary, called "Under Contract," on Capitol Hill with support from Farm Aid
, National Family Farm Coalition, National Farmers Union, the National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition and others. "Under Contract" tells the stories
of poultry growers who have struggled with the current system, and shows why the
way that the U.S. does agribusiness must change in order to protect not only
farmers, but also the food supply, from industry abuses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             HART Health and Safety

                                  94044 PO Box
                               Seattle,  WA 98124
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 800-234-4278
URL: http://www.harthealth.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 28956204

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
HART Health and Safety is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on First
Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Tourniquets, Packaging, and 5 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. HART Health and Safety
does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well
as 18 other major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via
it's website thusly: "Exceptional first aid services and van-delivered first aid
supplies manufactured to meet exacting specifications and packaged for maximum
shelf life. We offer national brand quality without the national brand markup.
Nationwide van services include Seattle and Portland."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Pharmaceutical Preparation Mfg

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
32541200
SIC CODES:
28340000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Benzalkonium Chloride
     ·    Bismuth
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Folic Acid
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Hart Health


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetaminophen, Acid, Activated Charcoal, Adhesive Tapes,
Aerosols, Alcohol, Ammonium, Ampules, Analgesics, Aneroids, Antacids,
Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Backpacks,
Belts, Benzalkonium Chloride, Bismuth, Braces, Buckles, Burn Kits, Caffeine,
Canisters, Caplets, Cartridges, Charcoal, Cleaners, Cloth, Columbium, Control
Systems, Cord, Cotton, Coupons, Crushable Ampules, Cuffs, Desks, Diagnostic
Instruments, Dials, Disinfectants, Dividers, Drawers, Emblems, Enamels,
Extractors, Face Masks, Face Shields, Filters, Fire Blankets, First Aid, First
Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flats, Folic Acid, Gaskets,
Gels, Glass, Grippers, Guides, Hand Cleaners, Hearing Protection, Hydrogen,
Hydrogen Peroxide, Inflatables, Jerseys, Keychains, Lasers, Latex Gloves, Lens
Cleaners, Lights, Linings, Machinery, Mailing Lists, Masks, Measures, Medical
Gloves, Metal Boxes, Metal Cabinets, Muscle Relaxants, Neoprene, Nitrile Gloves,
Nitriles, Nylon, Nylon Bags, Nylon Pouches, Ointments, Overalls, Oxygen,
Packaging, Panels, Permanent Magnets, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pills,
Pins, Plastic Bottles, Plastic Boxes, Plastics, Polypropylene, Preservatives,
Purses, Rings, Rounds, Rubber, Safety Equipment, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses,
Safety Pins, Sheets, Sodium, Solutions, Sphygmomanometers, Sprays, Squeeze
Bottles, Stainless Steel, Steel, Stethoscopes, Sunscreens, Swabs, Tables,
Tablets, Targets, Thermometers, Tip-Ons, Tourniquets, Towelettes, Uniforms,
Vans, Vinyl Pouches, Wire, Wire Mesh, Wool, Wristlets, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Legal Aid Society of Nny

                                 55 Colvin Ave
                               Albany,  NY 12206
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 315-386-4586
URL: http://www.lasnny.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/LASNNY
https://twitter.com/LASNNY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 39217471

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Legal Aid Society of Nny is a supplier focussed on Briefs, Intakes, Telephones,
Rentals, Strategic Planning, and 5 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Legal Aid Society of Nny does business in the Agriculture,
Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 15 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Legal Aid Society of Nny has at least 9 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Offices of Lawyers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54111000
SIC CODES:
83220000
CAGE CODES:
394Z7
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Briefs
     ·    Intakes
     ·    Telephones


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals
     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gold
     ·    Platinum
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    Silver


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alcohol, Backgrounds, Banking, Banners, Benches, Billboards,
Boats, Bracelets, Briefs, Brochures, Buses, Candy, Cannons, Chairs, Changers,
Chokes, Collectors, Columbium, Cookies, Couches, Crates, Crystal, Derricks,
Feet, Felt, Forks, Games, Gold, Governors, Grids, Guards, Guides, Herbs,
Intakes, Jacks, Jeans, Lights, Log Homes, Multipliers, Nets, Overalls, Panels,
Pennants, Photography, Pictures, Platinum, Posts, Prescription Drugs, Profiles,
Purses, Ramps, Recycled Paper, Rentals, Sacks, Safety Nets, Sheets, Shelters,
Silver, Solutions, Speakers, Springs, Stakes, Stamps, Storage Buildings,
Strategic Planning, Targets, Telephones, Towels, Towers, Traffic Lights, Vans,
Wheelchairs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 25, 2006 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

STATE WILL GET DROUGHT AID

BYLINE: Nathan Leaf

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D12

LENGTH: 137 words


Twelve northwestern Wisconsin counties have been declared eligible for federal
agricultural drought assistance, a state agency announced Friday.

The counties listed in the declaration are Ashland, Barron, Bayfield, Burnett,
Douglas, Iron, Polk, Price, Rusk, Sawyer, Taylor and Washburn.

Friday's announcement said the U.S. Department of Agriculture has allocated
$575,062 for Wisconsin. The money is for livestock producers who suffered forage
production losses.

How to apply

Farmers in the eligible counties can apply for assistance between Dec. 1 and
Jan. 5. To apply, farmers should go online to www.datcp.state.wi.us; e-mail:
center@datcp.state.wi.us; or visit a local county Farm Service Agency.
Applications must be returned to the state Department of Agriculture, Trade and
Consumer Protection and postmarked by Jan. 5.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 25, 2001, Sunday

Harkin gets input for farm-aid-bill; 'Freedom to Farm': Some think the future of
the family farm depends on it

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a11

LENGTH: 443 words


LEWIS (AP) - Iowa farmer Bill Ortner thinks the future of the family farm
depends on the farm-aid bill Congress will develop to replace the soon-to-expire
Freedom to Farm Act.

"What you decide in the next five years on this farm program, in my belief, will
decide whether we have corporate farming in this country or whether we have
family farms," said Ortner, of Danbury.

Ortner was one of 125 farmers and members of agriculture groups who met with
Sen. Tom Harkin on Saturday at the Wallace Foundation Learning Center to discuss
the bill, set to expire next year. Congress plans to work on the proposal later
this year.

The next federal farm bill should offer farmers assistance based on farm prices
and income and give them more incentives to conserve land, agriculture groups
told Harkin, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Agriculture Committee.

"Although Freedom to Farm had its positive features, it has serious shortcomings
that's quite obvious," he said.

Many farmers have criticized the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act, saying it failed to
help them reduce their dependency on government aid and resulted in billions of
dollars in additional assistance.

In Iowa alone, government payments averaged 55 percent of the net farm income
from 1990 to 1999, said Mike Duffy, an Iowa State University agriculture
economist.

Payments to Iowa farmers in 1999 reached $ 1.8 billion while net farm income
only hit $ 1.45 billion, underscoring the importance of the payments to farm
income, Duffy said.

Farm state Democrats want to make farm subsidies counter-cyclical, meaning they
would vary with the condition of the farm economy. When prices are low, payments
would be higher.

Harkin said the bill will include a plan to expand federal conservation programs
and pay farmers to conserve tillage, soil, energy and water and manage pests.

Called the 'Conservation Security Program," it creates tiers of payments to
farmers - between $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 annually over five to ten years - to
practice conservation on their farms or ranches. Farmers already doing so would
also benefit.

Farm groups also said the next bill also needs to emphasize foreign trade
because officials failed to fulfill promises made in the last farm bill that
would have expanded trade and markets overseas.

"If these promises had been kept, the large government outlays that have been
required in recent years to support farm income may not have been needed," said
John Askew, president of the Iowa Soybean Association.

Harkin said the Senate would likely hold hearings on the bill later this year
and begin actual work on the legislation early next year.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 22, 1978, Friday, Final Edition

Potato Farmers Expecting Aid;
USDA Likely to Aid Potato Farmers

BYLINE:  By William H. Jones, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION:  Business & Finance; E1

LENGTH: 740 words


Special government aid of about $18 million to help potato farmers - now
suffering from sharply depressed prices in the wake of a bumper fall crop-is
expected to be announced today by the Agriculture Department.

Critics of the USDA move say the government support will only fuel inflation and
encourage some farmers to plant even larger crops next year, which could in turn
lead to another round of aid to the farmers in 1979.

Some investors in the commodities markets also may suffer from the potato
support plan - those who have speculated that prices will be lower than they
will be if the government steps in.

Members of Congress and White House aides concerned about the question of
inflation have become involved in the conflict, but concern about the plight of
potato farmers in Idaho, Oregon and Washington state is expected to override
worries about the economic impact.

Largely because of unusually good growing weather this year - "perfect moisture,
temperatures, and length of the harvest season," said one congressional aide -
Idaho produced a bumper crop of 97.3 million hundred - weight russet potatoes
this year, compared with 80 million in 1977.

Nationwide, the nation's stock of potatoes stands at a record 218.7 million
hundredweight, up about 6 percent from last year.  Earlier this fall, Maine
growers complained when they began receiving $3 a hundredweight for their crops
compared with $6 last srping, and the Agriculture Department authorized a $5
million program t "divert" part of the crop for cattle feed.

Sen. Frank Church (D-Idaho) subsequently led a delegation of his state's potato
growers to USDA in November, to seek a similar aid plan for western growers.  In
Idaho, it costs farmers about $3 to grow a hundredweight of potatoes, and the
current market price there for the best russets is $1.85-$1.90.

Reportedly, the western growers asked the Agriculture Department to divert 15
million hundredweight of potatoes, and the agency has agreed to a diversion
program involving 9 million hundredweight.

Sources said yesterday the USDA will permit farmers to sell their potatoes for
the cattle-feeding program at $2 a hundredweight for 30 days and $1.75 for the
next 30 days.  Idaho would be allocated 4.7 million hundredweight, Washington 2
million, Oregon 1.2 million and Maine, 0.3 million.

A spokesman for Rep. Al Ullman (D-Ore.), chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee, said yesterday that the congressman "always has considered potato
farming to be one of the last bastions of free enterprise and hates to see the
government involved."

But in one area of Oregon, the spokesman continued, farmers are in "bad trouble
. . . and to allow the farmers to get on an even keel, he won't oppose the
diversion ardently."

However, the aide said, Ullman has told Oregon growers and state officials "they
won't be able to rely on this next year . . . the government just won't be
there." Ullman has offered to help in cooperative efforts to reduce acreage
planted with potatoes, the aide added.

Another congressional staff member said the situation in 1978 is unique, and
that even if the same number of acres are planted next year it is unlikely to
produce the same bumper crop.  Many of the growers have bank loans that became
due Dec. 1, and selling under a government program at less than production costs
is "hardly a bailout but saving them from financial ruin," said a man familiar
with the Idaho situation.

The USDA aid would not come from the taxpayers but rather from a special
assistance fund for farmers financed by other government revenues.

A spokesman for the Council on Wage and Price Stability said yesterday his
agency has been in touch with USDA and "is evaluating now" data on the potato
diversion program.  The possible inflationary impact "is the obvious focus of
our concern and interest," he said.

Less clear is the potential impact on commodities speculators.  At least one
western commodities broker was here recently to talk to USDA officials, arguing
that the free market is the best way to allocate goods and urging that no
diversion program be approved.  The broker, who asked not to be identified,
denied that he represents investors with significant "short positions" on
potatoes futures - people betting that prices will remain low.

Another source said, however, that these "short" investors stand to lose up to
10 million if the USDA diversion's approved.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Chinook Medical Gear

                                  54 Girard St
                                     Unit A
                               Durango,  CO 81303
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 970-375-1241
URL: http://www.chinookmed.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/chinookmedicalgear
http://www.facebook.com/chinookmedicalgear
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Blue-Star-Mothers-of-Durango/192063577533947
http://www.linkedin.com/in/lindamcwhorter
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/anne-brennan/15/650/863
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/chuck-bolin/1a/614/25a
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/peggy-leighton/2a/204/792
http://www.youtube.com/ChinookMedical
http://www.youtube.com/user/ChinookMedical
https://twitter.com/chinookmed

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 6968005

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Chinook Medical Gear is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on Containers,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, Gears, Medical Containers, and 17 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Chinook Medical Gear does business
in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 28 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Chinook Medical Gear has at least 3 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Surgical and Medical Instrument
Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
45111000
SIC CODES:
59610000
CAGE CODES:
04JV2
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Containers
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Gears
     ·    Medical Containers
     ·    Medical Instruments
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Survival Kits
     ·    Catheters
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Mobile Homes
     ·    Shelters
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Protective Packaging
     ·    Rentals
     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Aluminum Alloys
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Ice
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    PEEK
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Potassium Chloride
     ·    Potassium Iodide
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Sodium Chloride


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Brd Products
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Veteran Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acetaminophen, Acid, Activated Charcoal, Aircraft,
Aluminum Alloys, Ammunition, Analgesics, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Apparel,
Applicators, Aspirin, Backgrounds, Backpacks, Bands, Beds, Belts, Blisters,
Bombs, Boots, Brochures, Broom Handles, Brooms, Buckles, Bullets, Burn Kits,
Business Card Holders, Business Cards, Buttons, Canisters, Cannulas,
Capillaries, Capsules, Card Holders, Carrier Bags, Carrying Cases, Catheters,
Chairs, Channels, Charcoal, Chemicals, Chests, Circuit Breakers, Clothing,
Coats, Containers, Cookies, Cord, Cotton, Credit Cards, Cuffs, Cyclones, Debit
Cards, Detergents, Diapers, Digital Thermometers, Drain Valves, Elements,
Emergency Medical Supplies, Endotracheal Tubes, Feeds, Fire Blankets, Fire
Extinguishers, Firearms, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies,
Flashlights, Flats, Foam Pads, Funnels, Gears, Gels, Generators, Globes, Guards,
Handbags, Hats, Hoes, Hubs, Hyperbaric Chambers, Ice, Inlet Valves, Insulation,
Jets, Lifts, Lights, Litters, Masks, Measures, Mechanisms, Medical Containers,
Medical Devices, Medical Instruments, Medical Tapes, Mobile Homes, Motorcycles,
Multipliers, Name Plates, Nameplates, Nets, Nitrile Gloves, Nitriles, Nylon,
Nylon Products, Ointments, Organizers, Oxygen, Packaging, Panels, PEEK,
Pictures, Pins, Plastic Bags, Plastics, Platforms, Poles, Posts, Potassium,
Potassium Chloride, Potassium Iodide, Promotional, Protective Packaging, Radios,
Ratchets, Registers, Removers, Rentals, Respirators, Restraints, Retainers,
Rings, Salt, Scales, Shears, Shelters, Shipping Labels, Skis, Sleeves, Snap
Buttons, Soap, Sodium, Sodium Chloride, Solutions, Sprays, Springs, Stairs,
Staple Removers, Staplers, Stethoscopes, Storage Cases, Strategic Planning,
Suits, Survival Kits, Syringes, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Teas, Temperature
Controls, Thermometer Probes, Thermometers, Tourniquets, Towels, Towers,
Vertical Lifts, Vessels, Vests, Water Purifiers, Wire, X-Ray, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: North Dakota counties eligible for disaster aid

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 147 words


Dec. 19--The U.S. Department of Agriculture declared an agricultural disaster in
31 North Dakota counties where farmers had major crop losses during the growing
season, the governor's office announced Wednesday.

The designation makes farmers and ranchers eligible for supplemental disaster
assistance and other federal programs.

Heavy snowpack, flooding, frosts and freeze damage and other problems prevented
North Dakota farmers from planting more than 4 million acres this year, the
state's second-largest amount of unplanted crop acreage in recent history.

Counties in the Grand Forks region eligible for aid include Benson, Cavalier,
Grand Forks, Griggs, Nelson, Pembina, Pierce, Ramsey, Rolette, Traill and Walsh.

___ (c)2013 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131219-GF-BRF-North-Dakota-counties-eligible-for-disaster-aid
-1219-20131219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2013 Grand Forks Herald


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             July 7, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Emergency aid among options in mad cow case

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 546  words

DATELINE: KANANASKIS, Alta.


KANANASKIS, Alta. (CP) -- Canada's agriculture ministers hope to be ready with
an emergency aid program worth "hundreds of millions of dollars" if the U.S.
border closes to all beef imports following several court hearings later this
month.

Federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell and his provincial counterparts began
three days of meetings Wednesday to devise plans for the worst-case scenario,
which Saskatchewan's Mark Wartman identified as the Americans rejecting all
Canadian beef exports.

"We want to make sure that we have some way of dealing with the build-up of
product there will be," said Wartman. "We will have to be able to support the
industry despite a shut-down of that magnitude."

Wartman said the emergency program, which would involve millions of dollars,
needs to be ready for the day that the U.S. judgments come down. He would not
give specifics, but said the cost would be split 60-40 with the federal
government.

Mitchell said Canada must be prepared for a whole range of possibilities,
including if a Montana judge extends the current ban on live cattle to include
boxed cuts of Canadian beef.

"We understand the importance of being prepared for any contingency," Mitchell
said.

"We're going to work very hard to make sure that we're prepared to deal with any
eventuality, and we don't want to have surprises."

Canada's beef industry, which has already suffered more than $7 billion in
export losses in two years since mad cow disease was first found on an Alberta
farm, is deeply concerned about two U.S. court dates in the coming weeks.

On July 13, an appeals court in Seattle hears a U.S. federal government appeal
of a lower court ruling in March that kept the border closed to live Canadian
cattle.

Two weeks later on July 27, a separate hearing over possibly closing the border
permanently to Canadian beef imports will be conducted in Montana by the same
district court judge who issued the March decision.

Dennis Laycraft of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association -- one of several
industry officials who attended the ministers' meeting -- said there is a "great
deal of apprehension" surrounding the Montana hearing.

"We're facing some uncertainty because of one individual in Montana that's going
to make a ruling," he said. "Hopefully we'll see the legal process move in a
sound direction but we're also preparing for any eventuality so that our
industry will be able to move through this."

Currently forbidden to ship live animals over the border, Canada's beef industry
has been ramping up its domestic slaughter capacity and now ships more than
30,000 tonnes of meat to the U.S. each month, worth an estimated $135 million.

Canada's largest packers, including Tyson Foods and Cargill in southern Alberta,
have both increased their slaughter capacity to deal with the growing demand for
boxed-cuts of beef in the U.S.

But all this would change if the court hearings result in greater restrictions
placed on Canadian beef or closing the border entirely.

As such, the industry has been devising strategies to brace for further
hardship.

The "worst case" includes a proposal to immediately concentrate slaughter
capacity on cattle under 30 months, which would mean up to 18,000 older animals
a week would be bound for rendering plants or outright disposal.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Canadian Press; Alberta Agriculture Minister Doug Horner speaks to the
media during a break at the agriculture ministers meeting in Kananaskis, Alta.,
on Wednesday. As a series of impending U.S. court dates casts Canadian beef
exports once more into question, provincial and federal agriculture ministers
gathered Wednesday to devise worst-case scenario plans. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      July 16, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

VOTES IN CONGRESS

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M05

LENGTH: 825 words



The following is a report of how some major bills fared last week in Congress
and how Southern Maryland's representative, Steny H. Hoyer (D-5th District), and
Democratic Sens. Barbara A. Mikulski and Paul S. Sarbanes voted.


HOUS


EELIMINATING THE 'MARRIAGE PENALTY'

For-269 / Against-159

The House passed a bill (HR 4810) on Wednesday to eliminate the penalty that
occurs when married couples pay more income taxes than they would if filing
individually. While ending a "marriage penalty" for some couples, the bill also
benefits other couples who pay lower taxes--a "marriage bonus"--as a result of
their union. The cuts are to begin in 2001 and are projected to cost $ 182
billion over 10 years. The bill raises the standard deduction for all married
couples filing jointly from $ 7,350 to $ 8,880, or twice the deduction for
single taxpayers. It expands the 15 percent bracket for couples filing jointly
to cover incomes up to $ 52,500, several thousand dollars above the existing
bracket ceiling, and raises the Earned Income Tax Credit for low-income families
filing jointly. Of the 51 million joint returns filed in 1999, nearly half paid
a marriage penalty that averaged $ 1,141 per couple, and about 40 percent
received a marriage bonus averaging $ 1,274 per couple, according to the U.S.
Treasury. A yes vote supported the changes.

HOYER-NO


BUYING PRESCRIPTION DRUGS FROM CANADA, MEXICO

For-363 / Against-12

The House voted on Monday to permit individuals to buy U.S.-made prescription
drugs in Canada or Mexico for personal use, without interference from the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration. The vote denies the FDA funding to bring criminal
prosecutions during fiscal 2001 for such purchases. It occurred during debate on
a U.S. Department of Agriculture spending bill (HR 4461). In one price disparity
cited in debate, 100 capsules of Prilosec, a popular U.S.-made drug, cost $ 400
in Queens, N.Y., $ 184 in Canada and $ 107 in Mexico. A yes vote was to
decriminalize prescription drug purchases in Canada or Mexico for personal use.

HOYER-YES


THIRD WORLD DEBT RELIEF

For-216 / Against-211

The House voted on Thursday to more than triple the amount of Third World debt
the United States will forgive in a bill (HR 4811) providing $ 13.3 billion in
foreign aid in fiscal 2001. The amendment increased debt forgiveness in the bill
from a committee-approved level of $ 69.4 million to the full $ 225 million
requested by President Clinton. The additional funds are to be obtained from
foreign military aid accounts. Supporters of the bill said heavily indebted
nations in Africa and Central America need relief from high interest payments if
they are ever to reduce their poverty. They called it unfair to keep the poorest
nations pinned down by crushing debt incurred by corrupt regimes no longer in
power. Foes said that by cutting foreign military aid, the amendment could lead
to war and turmoil in the same countries it seeks to help. A yes vote supported
more than tripling U.S. debt relief to the Third World in fiscal 2001.

HOYER-YES


INCREASING GLOBAL FUNDING TO COMBAT AIDS

For-267 / Against-156

The House voted on Thursday to transfer $ 42 million from foreign military aid
to a World Bank program to fight AIDS primarily in Africa. The vote, which
occurred during debate on the fiscal 2001 foreign aid bill (HR 4811, above),
increased global AIDS funding to the administration-requested level of $ 244
million. A yes vote was to increase funding to fight AIDS in Africa.

HOYER-YES


SENATE


PHASING OUT FEDERAL ESTATE TAX

For-59 / Against-39

The Senate passed a bill (HR 8) on Friday to phase out the federal estate tax,
which, as a result of large exemptions, applies to about 2 percent of U.S.
inheritances. The tax is levied on farm and business estates above $ 2.6 million
and on other estates in excess of $ 675,000. The bill is projected to cost $ 28
billion over its first five years and $ 50 billion annually after 2010. Under
the bill, marginal rates would drop by one to five percentage points per year
between 2001 and 2009. The top rate, now 55 percent for estates above $ 3
million plus a 5 percent surcharge, would drop to 42.5 percent in 2009 before
vanishing in 2010. A yes vote supported phasing out the federal estate tax.

MIKULSKI-NO SARBANES-NO


DEMOCRATS' ESTATE TAX PLAN

For-46 / Against-53

The Senate rejected on Thursday a Democratic alternative to the Republican
estate tax repeal (HR 8, above). It differed mainly by keeping the tax but
applying it to only the wealthiest estates. It exempted from taxation the first
$ 4 million of farm and family-owned business estates and the first $ 2 million
of other types of estates. It was projected to eventually cost $ 19 billion
annually, compared with $ 50 billion a year for the GOP bill. A yes vote backed
the Democrats' estate tax plan.

MIKULSKI-YES SARBANES-YES



LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 18, 1992, Friday, City Edition

Suncoast Catholics send $ 450,000 in aid

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; ANDREW DIGEST; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG; FORT MYERS



Donations for hurricane victims in Florida, Louisiana and Hawaii totaled  $
450,000 from parishioners at 76 Catholic churches in the Diocese of St.
Petersburg, a spokeswoman said Thursday. Of that, $ 250,000 went to Miami;  $
50,000 to Venice; $ 60,000 to Lafayette, La.; $ 25,000 to New Orleans; and  $
15,000 to the Diocese of Houma-Thibodaux, La. The rest is going to Hawaii.

Southwest Florida

expects refugee influx

FORT MYERS - Southwest Florida may have escaped costly physical damage from
Hurricane Andrew, but the region is seeing a surge of hurricane victims from
Dade that may cost millions of dollars. Lee, Collier, Charlotte and Sarasota
counties estimate that up to 11,600 people will move to Southwest Florida in
the next 12 to 18 months, and those people will need everything from housing  to
food stamps. The influx is expected to cost the area $ 15-million to  $
20-million more for education, transportation, social services, health
services, law enforcement, capital improvements and water/sewer expansion.
Estimates were compiled for U.S. Rep. Porter Goss, R-Sanibel.

Briefly . . .

Insurers get deadline: State regulators Thursday gave insurance companies  until
Oct. 15 to get adjusters to every home and auto damaged by Hurricane  Andrew to
put an end to what anxious policyholders feared could be an endless  wait. The
deadline gives companies less than a month to complete the key stage  of claims
service but more than seven weeks since the storm produced a  projected 700,000
claims, a record for any natural disaster in U.S. history.

USDA promises quick relief: The Agriculture Department on Thursday promised  to
help farmers trying to rebuild after Hurricane Andrew, Florida's top  lawmakers
reported after a meeting in Washington, D.C., with Agriculture  Secretary Edward
Madigan. Attending the meeting were U.S. Sens. Bob Graham and  Connie Mack and
Gov. Lawton Chiles. Madigan told the Floridians that farmers  will not have to
wait months or even years for disaster assistance checks.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 Little Remedy

                                  2417 3rd Ave
                                Bronx,  NY 10451
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 347-270-4027
URL: http://www.thelittleremedy.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 48034046

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Little Remedy is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits, Showers,
Tourniquets, Packaging, and 5 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Little Remedy does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and
Biomedical Industries, as well as 17 other major Manufacturing Industries.
Little Remedy has at least 2 business locations. The company describes itself
via it's website thusly: "The Little Remedy - Custom First Aid and Safety
Solutions by a Licensed Pharmacist"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
62111200
SIC CODES:
80110200
CAGE CODES:
6PR35
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Isopropyl Alcohol
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Black American Owned Business, Minority Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Adhesive Tapes, Aerosols, Alcohol, Ammonium,
Antacids, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Bands,
Buses, Canisters, Canvas, Cartridges, Chemicals, Cleansers, Cloth, Cloth Tapes,
Cotton, Cotton Balls, Cotton Canvas, Cotton Tip Applicators, Crystal, Cuffs,
Denims, Digital Thermometers, Disposable Gloves, Earplugs, Feeds, Fire Blankets,
First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, Flashlights, Gels, Glass,
Goggles, Guides, Hard Hats, Hats, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Ice, Isopropyl
Alcohol, Jersey Gloves, Jerseys, Lasers, Latex Gloves, Lights, Magnifiers,
Masks, Measures, Metal Cabinets, Napkins, Nitrile Gloves, Nitriles, Ointments,
Oral Thermometers, Oxygen, Packaging, Patches, Pearls, Plastic Cases, Plastic
Strips, Plastics, Ratchets, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, School Buses, Showers,
Silver, Soap, Solutions, Sprays, Springs, Squeeze Bottles, Stainless Steel,
Steel, Stethoscopes, Stickers, Stoppers, Sunscreens, Swabs, Tablets,
Thermometers, Toilet Paper, Toilets, Tongue Depressors, Tourniquets, Towel
Dispensers, Towelettes, Towels, Wire, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 21, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Why We Might Regret Grain Generosity

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 273 words


To the Editor:
 For some time, voices have been raised in the United States favoring massive
food aid to the Soviet Union, most notably the voice of Agriculture Secretary
Edward R. Madigan. True, Mr. Madigan's voice has been muted lately. But he has a
large constituency in favor of massive shipments of wheat, corn and soy beans.
The legislation for such is already in existence.

To explain: America's largess of grain can be given to any country of the
President's choosing at negotiated interest rates, with as long as three years
to pay, under the Commodity Credit Corporation Act.

Under this act, President Nixon enabled Soviet grain buyers to wipe out our
emergency wheat reserves in the single month of July 1972. A sharp increase in
United States food prices followed this grain-on-credit move.

Such dollar-denominated credits are guaranteed by the Commodity Credit
Corporation, which gets its funds from the Agriculture Department's annual
budget of more than $40 billion, financed by the Treasury. The recipient country
may be careful never to default on the loans. But the loans are continuously
additive to the Federal budget deficit, at least from one accounting year to the
next.

The Soviet Union is the largest importer of corn from the United States. Because
of unusual drought conditions in the corn-producing areas of the Midwest, the
United States corn harvest this year may be low. A massive offtake of corn and
other food grains and feed grains at this time, as under President Nixon in
1972, may cause a sharp increase in food prices at home.

BEVERLY KITCHING
Springfield, Ill., Nov. 5, 1991

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid"

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid."

Solicitation no. AG-INFP-S-13-0017       Posted on: August 27, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-13-0017 (2000001731) (formerly Invitation ____)
for procurement of various subsistence items for U.S. international food aid
programs. The solicitation may include various small business set asides
pursuant to the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include
partial small business set-asides, service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides,
quantities reserved for 8(a) and AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation
preferences for qualified HUBZone small businesses. Deliveries are to various
locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Apr 09, 2014 9:00 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=9f3605f728eb445a81bc7385f593f2ec&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        May 31, 2002 Friday 1ST EDITION

Disaster area covers state Farmers in all counties now eligible for federal
loans because of drought

BYLINE: By Mike Soraghan , and Steve Raabe, Denver Post Staff Writers,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1112 words


WASHINGTON - Every last parched bit of Colorado real estate  has now officially
been declared a federal agricultural disaster  area because of the worst drought
in decades.

Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman added 60 Colorado counties  Thursday to the
four already designated. That will make farmers in  all of Colorado's 64
counties eligible for low-interest loans of  up to $ 500,000.

According to the U.S. Farm Service Agency, it's the first  time since 1977 that
all of Colorado has been declared a drought  disaster area.

Colorado's winter wheat crop has been especially hard hit,  with estimates of
losses greater than $ 80 million.

Farm experts view winter wheat as an important early  indicator of drought
impact because the crop is harvested in July,  months before fall-harvest crops.
Colorado is the nation's  fifth-largest producer of winter wheat.

'The wheat crop is in pretty bad shape,' said Wiggins farmer  Joe Westhoff. 'I'm
almost 55 years old, and I can't ever remember  a crop this small.'

Some Colorado farms enjoyed a good rain last week that  salvaged a bit of their
crop. Others received almost no moisture  and have begun plowing under hundreds
of thousands of acres of  wheat.

'Out here, it's dry in a good year,' said Colorado  Agriculture Commissioner Don
Ament. 'When you end up with a lousy  snowpack, it all comes to roost. I'm
telling you flat out there  are going to be some guys who are not going to be in
this business  next year.'

Four counties in eastern Colorado - Kit Carson, Lincoln,  Phillips and Yuma -
were declared drought disaster areas on May 2.  Of the 60 declared Thursday, 44
are 'primary' disaster areas,  while 16 received the designation because they
border primary  disaster counties. Among those are Denver County, which borders
  primary disaster areas in Adams and Jefferson counties.       'Farmers and
ranchers in Colorado are suffering from extreme  drought conditions, and we are
examining every available program  to assist during these difficult times,'
Veneman said. 'This  emergency assistance should provide some relief from these
  devastating losses.'

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has declared disasters in  10 other states,
including all of Arizona, 66 of Texas' 254  counties, seven counties in Kansas,
13 in South Dakota and four in  Idaho.

The interest rate on the disaster loans is 3.75 percent,  which could allow a
farmer who has lost a crop to plant another  one for the summer, said Lewis
Frank, a Logan County farmer and  state director of the Farm Service Agency.

The disaster designation also allow ranchers to avoid large  capital gains tax
payments if they have to sell off all their  cattle.

Officials said they can't predict how many of Colorado's  30,000 farms and
ranches will be eligible for disaster loans  because total financial losses
won't be known for several months.

Wheat farmer Westhoff said drought losses are compounded by  low market prices
for crops.

'We've got a poor crop, and the dang stuff isn't worth  anything, anyway,' he
said.

Westhoff said he's not sure whether he'll apply for loans.

'When farmers are having trouble paying off their existing  loans, do they
really want to assume more debt?' he said.

Ament stressed that although the aid may help struggling  farmers, many farmers
will still decide selling out is better.  Loans must be paid back. Other
emergency programs allow cattle to  graze on land set aside for conservation,
but the land usually  doesn't have fences to keep cattle in or stock ponds for
them to  drink from.

'I'm sensitive to people saying, 'The government's bailed  them out. The
problem's over,'' Ament said. 'If you're sitting out  there with two days of
feed left, and I say you can have some  low-interest loans, but there's a lot of
ifs, you'd look at it and  say, 'Hell with it. I'm going to the sale barn.''

But if Congress were to pass an aid package for  drought-afflicted farmers, the
aid would most likely be directed  to the counties that have been designated.
Drought aid was  stripped out of this year's farm bill before it was passed. But

  the $ 2 billion package was reintroduced as a separate bill in the  Senate.

Gov. Bill Owens had requested the aid, and lawmakers  such as U.S. Sen. Wayne
Allard of Loveland U.S. Rep. Scott McInnis  of Grand Junction pressed Veneman to
grant the aid. McInnis wrote  to the Internal Revenue Service on Thursday asking
the agency to  confirm that farmers in disaster areas who sell off their
livestock don't have to pay capital gains tax.

Veneman also announced Thursday that farmers and ranchers in  an additional 10
Colorado counties will be able to grow crops or  graze cattle on land they'd set
aside for conservation, said Sean  Conway, a spokesman for Allard. But they will
have to pay a fee to  use it.

The 10 new counties, which bring the total for the emergency  grazing program to
26, are Adams, Boulder, Crowley, El Paso,  Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Otero, Routt
and Washington counties.

The idea, Conway said, is to prevent the massive sell-off of  livestock that has
been occurring in southeastern counties.

'Last week, the governor and I went to a sale barn in La  Junta,' Ament said.
'I'm telling you, you couldn't have squeezed  another critter in there.'

Who qualifies

Emergency loans may be made to farmers and ranchers who:

Own or operate land located in a county declared by the  president or designated
by the secretary of agriculture as a  disaster area. (For physical losses only,
the FSA administrator  may authorize emergency loan assistance.)

Are established family farm operators and have sufficient  farming or ranching
experience.

Are citizens or permanent residents of the United States.

Have suffered at least 30-percent loss in crop production or a  physical loss to
livestock, livestock products or real estate.

Have an acceptable credit history.

Can provide collateral to secure the loan.

Have repayment ability.

Producers can borrow up to 100 percent of actual production or  physical losses,
to a maximum of $ 500,000. Loans for crop,  livestock, and non-real-estate
losses must normally be repaid in  one to seven years. In special circumstances,
terms of up to 20  years may be authorized. Loans for physical losses to real
estate  are normally repaid within 30 years. In certain circumstances,
repayment may be extended to 40 years. The current annual interest  rate for
such loans is 3.75 percent.


LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Dry all over

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 20, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

PHILIPPINE AID PLAN FACING UNCERTAINTY ON THE SENATE FLOOR

BYLINE: By LINDA GREENHOUSE, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 4, Column 5; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 19


A new package of economic aid for the Philippines, which the House of
Representatives approved Thursday within hours of President Corazon C. Aquino's
visit, faces an uncertain future in the Senate.

Unless the problems are resolved early next week, Senate aides said today, there
is little chance the $200 million in aid can receive final approval despite
support from the Reagan Administration.

Timing is important, because the $200 million must be not only approved but also
delivered to the Philippines by Oct. 1, when the new fiscal year begins and
stringent budget ceilings become operative. The money the House approved, by a
vote of 203 to 197, would be counted as a 1986 expenditure and so would escape
the new limitations.

Threats to the aid package, which is strongly supported by Senator Richard G.
Lugar, Republican of Indiana, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee,
came today from both sides of the aisle.

Senator Bob Dole, the majority leader, was notably cool to the proposal. Early
in the morning, the Kansas Republican pronounced it ''the biggest honorarium in
history'' and predicted there would not be an aid bill.

Senator Dole tempered those remarks later in the day, but only slightly, saying
he was ''taking a look at the possibility of some supplemental aid.''

At the same time, he noted that the budget was tight and that there were
''equally high priority demands for any additional funds we can scrape up.''

The other threat came from a Democratic Senator, John Melcher of Montana. He
said he would block the aid package unless it were linked to a donation to the
Philippines of $600 million in surplus agricultural commodities from Federal
stockpiles.

The expedited procedures needed to get the $200 million aid package through the
Senate give individual senators considerable leverage to derail the bill.

The surplus goods covered by the Melcher amendment are wheat, powdered milk,
cheese, butter and soybeans.

Senator Melcher said at a news conference today that a majority of the Senate
would support his amendment if the leadership let it come to a vote.

But the proposal is opposed by the State Department, Senator Lugar, and the
Philippine Government.

According to Mark Helmke, Mr. Lugar's spokesman, the sudden infusion of such
large quantities of agricultural products would ''destroy'' Filipino
agriculture.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             January 1, 1999 Friday

U.S. AID TO FARMS IN STATE TOTALS $800 MILLION THIS YEAR

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 437 words


Federal farm programs and disaster relief measures will have pumped nearly $800
million into the Minnesota farm economy this year as farmers and farm owners
wrestle with the effects of low crop prices, plant disease, weak export markets,
and surplus hogs and major grain crops.

Jim Meisenheimer, spokesman for the federal Farm Service Agency office in St.
Paul that administers U.S. Department of Agriculture farm income programs, said
$740 million in various aid payments and commodity loan program payments were
made before Christmas.

Agency employees in county offices were busy this past week processing more
commodity loan payments, and that work will continue into the new year, he said.

The aid and subsidies come as farm income for major field crop and livestock
producers fell sharply from a combination of factors. Disease plagued the wheat
and small grains crops in northwest Minnesota. Weak export demand from Asia
lowered prices for corn and soybeans. Weather caused damage to crops in several
counties. And farm income continues to be battered by record production of hogs
and by a new federal farm program that encouraged surplus production of grains
and oilseeds.

Most of the federal aid and subsidies paid to farmers and farm owners this past
year involved land and crops. As the year drew to an end, and with pork prices
at their lowest levels in more than 40 years, pork producer groups were planning
to ask Congress for a minimum pricing system for livestock production as well.

The largest federal income transfer to farmers and farm owners in 1998 was from
the Agricultural Market Transition Act, or AMTA payments. This money, totaling
$330 million, was authorized in the 1996 federal farm program as transition
money while other price support programs are being phased out.

Another $180.3 million has been paid to more than 97,500 owners of Minnesota's
approximately 83,000 farms in Loan Deficiency Payments (LDP), which is a
variation of the commodity loan programs of former farm bills that in may be
phased out in future years.

On top of that, the state agency has distributed $164 million in Marketing Loss
Adjustment (MLA) payments, which are special farm relief payments approved by
Congress shortly before the November elections.

Separately, the Farm Service Agency in Minnesota also made $65 million in
payments during 1998 to landowners who set aside environmentally fragile lands
in the Conservation Reserve Program.

Lee Egerstrom covers agriculture and food companies. He can be reached at
legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5437.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Audifon Usa, Inc.

                                403 Chairman Ct
                                  Ste 1DEBARY
                               Debary,  FL 32713
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 386-668-8812
URL: http://www.audifon.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/audiologyonline
http://www.linkedin.com/company/1617985
http://www.youtube.com/audiologyonline
https://twitter.com/audiologyonline

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 8621678

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, ISO 13485
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Audifon Usa, Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Hearing Aids, Protectors, Signals, Solutions, Telephones, and 5 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Audifon Usa, Inc. does business in
the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Architecture Industries, as well as 25 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Audifon Usa, Inc. has at least 2 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Electromedical and
Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33451000
SIC CODES:
59990903
CAGE CODES:
6LDZ9
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Protectors
     ·    Signals


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Solutions
     ·    Telephones


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Glass
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Silicon
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aircraft, Alarm Clocks, Amplifiers, Audiometers, Backgrounds,
Ball Bearings, Bands, Bearings, Bells, Bicycle Bells, Bicycles, Blenders,
Brochures, Buses, Buttons, Capsules, Channels, Conductors, Cord, Cork, Corks,
Cosmetics, Cutlery, Domes, Drums, Earplugs, Emblems, Filters, Firearms,
Generators, Glass, Guides, Hardware, Hats, Headsets, Hearing Aids, Hearing
Protection, Insulation, Lights, Loudspeakers, Manifolds, Measures, Mercury,
Microphones, Noise Filters, Noise Generators, Notch Filters, Organs, Overalls,
Plastics, Platforms, Poles, Polish, Polymers, Posters, Program Switches,
Protectors, Radios, Receivers, Registers, Rings, Rocker Switches, Rockers,
Signals, Silicon, Silicone, Silicones, Simulators, Skillets, Sockets, Solutions,
Speakers, Sprays, Springs, Suits, Targets, Telephone Receivers, Telephones,
Toilets, Transmissions, Transmitters, Vans, Vibrators, Volume Controls, Zinc Air
Batteries

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 10, 2008 Saturday

'Early phase' drought declared

BYLINE: JONATHAN RIVOLI Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 436 words


With a dry winter and spring leading to predictions of trouble ahead for
farmers, Gov. John Hoeven declared an "early phase agricultural emergency"
Friday afternoon.

The executive order sets the stage for up to $500,000 in state assistance to
farmers who need to buy water supply equipment for livestock and directs the
Drought Task Force to meet.

Later on Friday, Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson set a Wednesday meeting
for the task force to meet and strategize on how to deal with a drought.

Hoeven's declaration comes as many farmers across the state are planting their
crops and eyeing the dry conditions. It covers the entire state.

"I think growers across the state are very worried, especially in western North
Dakota," said Dan Wogsland, executive director of the North Dakota Grain
Grower's Association.

Wogsland said the "very abnormally dry" conditions, combined with very high
input costs, have farmers worried about what summer might bring.

According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, western North Dakota is one of three
regions in the country in extreme drought conditions, while all of the state is
classified as abnormally dry. The other extreme drought regions are southern
Texas and a span of the South stretching from northern Mississippi to eastern
North Carolina.

Dennis Feiken, a farmer near LaMoure, knows all about this year's drought.

Feiken, who grows corn and soybeans, said this is the driest spring he remembers
since he started farming 10 years ago. He said other farmers in his area who've
been at it longer than him are chatting about how its also the driest they
remember.

"It's a good thing they're doing this (aid) now because it could really get
critical later this summer," Feiken said.

The aid is still pending official approval from the State Water Commission,
which is set to meet Wednesday to make the decision. Eligible farmers would get
a 50 percent cost reimbursement from the state for permanent water such as
wells, tanks or solar pumps. The maximum eligible per project is $3,500 and the
maximum eligible projects are three.

Lance Gaebe, an aide to Hoeven who manages agricultural issues, said this is the
first time since 2006 that the aid has been activated. In prior years, only
farmers who had applied for federal aid were eligible, but that's no longer the
case, Gaebe said.

Those wishing to apply for the aid are urged to contact the State Water
Commission at 328-2750. Pending Wednesday's approval, an official application
will be posted on the commission's Web site at www.swc.state.nd.us.

(Reach reporter Jonathan Rivoli at 223-8482 or
jonathan.rivoli@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs "

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation no.  AG-INAP-S-15-0012

Notice Type:  Solicitation
Original Posted Date:
February 5, 2015
Posted Date:
February 5, 2015
Response Date:
Feb 19, 2015 9:00 am Central

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitationAG-INAP-S-15-0012 (2000003150) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 27, 1988, Wednesday, City Edition

Drought-relief bill advances in House

SOURCE: Associated Press; Reuters

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



WASHINGTON - The House Agriculture Committee approved a $ 5-billion
drought-relief bill Tuesday to help America's farmers cope with the    worst dry
spell in more than 50 years.

     The bill would provide up to $ 100,000 in disaster payments to    farmers,
increase aid for farmers worst hit by the drought, and raise    the U.S.
milk-support price by 50 cents per hundredweight.

     The legislation is expected to be brought to a vote Thursday by the    full
House.

     The Senate Agriculture Committee met Tuesday to discuss a    drought-aid
package. But the committee broke up without coming to an    agreement on a plan
to increase aid to farmers most severely affected    by the drought and is
expected to resume work today.

     House passage of the bill came after stern warnings from the White    House
to not clutter it with costly amendments that were not directly    related to
drought aid.

     In a letter sent to agriculture committee leaders Monday, President
Reagan said he was concerned about special-interest amendments in the
tentative relief bills adopted earlier this month.

     Administration officials have said they oppose the milk price    increase,
a provision expanding cash assistance to livestock producers    who don't grow
their own feed, and a new subsidy for ethanol producers    faced with higher
corn costs.

     As a potential tempest over drought relief brewed in Washington, a
report issued Tuesday said rains have relieved "drought stress" in    parts of
the Corn Belt, but that crops have shown little improvement.

     "The precipitation gave most crops a boost in the central and    southern
Great Plains, Delta and Southeast," the report by the Joint    Agricultural
Weather Facility. "Soil moisture improved but was still    mostly short in the
eastern half of the nation."

     In the central and eastern Corn Belt, rain during the week of July    18-24
may have come too late to improve corn harvest prospects, the    report said.

     Soybeans were reported in "mostly fair" condition but showed    little
improvement as a result of rain in the central and eastern Corn    Belt areas,
the report said. However, soybeans continued to improve in    the Great Plains.

     Livestock was reported in "mostly fair" condition.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

LOW-INTEREST LOANS FOR FARMERS

BYLINE: State Journal staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 217 words


Farmers in 42 Wisconsin counties affected by drought conditions over the summer
will be able to apply for low-interest loans and other assistance from the
federal government. The U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved Gov. Jim
Doyle's Aug. 13 request for a federal disaster declaration.

The counties declared drought disaster areas are: Adams, Ashland, Barron,
Bayfield, Brown, Buffalo, Burnett, Calumet, Chippewa, Clark, Door, Douglas,
Dunn, Eau Claire, Florence, Forest, Iron, Juneau, Kewaunee, Langlade, Lincoln,
Marathon, Marinette, Marquette, Menominee, Monroe, Oconto, Oneida, Outagamie,
Pierce, Polk, Portage, Price, Rusk, Sawyer, Shawano, St. Croix, Taylor, Vilas,
Washburn, Waushara and Wood.

Those counties had at least one farm with at least 30 percent in crop losses
caused by drought. Farmers in those counties may be eligible for financial
assistance.

In addition, farmers in adjacent counties may also receive aid. These counties
are Columbia, Fond du Lac, Green Lake, Jackson, La Crosse, Manitowoc, Pepin,
Sauk, Sheboygan, Trempealeau, Vernon, Waupaca and Winnebago. A disaster
designation will allow farmers in those counties to qualify for assistance,
primarily low-interest loans.

Farmers have until June 18, 2008, to apply for loans by contacting their local
Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 12, 1991, Saturday, City Edition

Keating still faces 34 charges

SECTION: NATIONAL; WASHINGTON DIGEST; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 554 words



A judge in Los Angeles dismissed 12 charges of fraud against Charles Keating and
three associates Friday but let others stand, to leave the former Lincoln
Savings & Loan Association owner still facing 34 counts. The four defendants are
accused of defrauding 23,000 investors, most of them elderly, out of $
250-million through the sale of worthless junk bonds. Keating's case entered the
national spotlight because of his relationship as a major political contributor
to five U.S. senators, and as a visible symbol of the failure of the savings and
loan industry. Superior Court Judge Lance Ito threw out the charges at the
request of the defense on the grounds that they were improperly filed. In
November, Ito set aside 22 of 46 charges against Keating and the others because
they were too vague. The prosecution was asked to resubmit them in an amended
form, which it did, adding more counts. At Friday's hearing, defense attorneys
argued that it was the job of the grand jury that had returned the original
indictments, and not the district attorney, to refile the amended counts. Ito
let stand 10 of the amended charges, meaning Keating and his co-defendants now
face a total of 34 counts.
 Red Cross denies AIDS rumors
 An official of the American Red Cross said Friday there was no evidence the
group's Washington office had accidentally spread AIDS due to sloppy handling of
blood donations. "Yes, we had problems" in the Washington regional office, which
has since been closed down, said Dr. Jeffrey McCullough, director of Red Cross
blood services. "But no one has ever received a transfusion of Red Cross blood
that tested positive for AIDS or hepatitis," McCullough told reporters. The Red
Cross was rocked in July when a Food and Drug Administration inspection turned
up some 230 reports of the possible transmission of AIDS through blood
transfusions donated to the Washington office, sparking rumors. Almost all of
the cases involved sloppy record-keeping on transfusions that occurred before
blood banks began routinely screening all donated blood for evidence of the AIDS
virus. The commercial test for screening donated blood began in March 1985.
 Briefly

    Food and Drug Administration official Carl Peck will temporarily oversee
AIDS-drug testing while the federal agency looks for a replacement for the
current chief, the FDA said Friday. Dr. Ellen Cooper, who has been the FDA's
chief AIDS drug reviewer since 1988, asked last year to be moved to a less
stressful position in the agency.
 Livestock owners who graze animals on public lands in the West will have to pay
8.8 percent more this year, the government said Friday.  Fees charged by both
the Forest Service, an agency of the Agriculture Department, and Interior's
Bureau of Land Management will rise 16 cents per "head month" beginning March 4
1. The monthly rate will be $ 1.97 per animal unit month, compared with $ 1.81
last year.
 Farmers have scaled back winter wheat plantings sharply from 1990, reacting to
abundant supplies and sagging market prices, an Agriculture Department report
showed Friday. The annual survey said farmers planted slightly more than
51-million acres of winter wheat for harvest this year, down 10 percent from
1990.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Manufacturers Aid, Inc.

                               425 Whitehead Ave
                             South River,  NJ 08882
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 732-238-6700
URL: http://www.envirochem-usa.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 17336937

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ISO 9001
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Manufacturers Aid, Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Solutions, Computer Services, Janitorial Services, Packaging, Polishing, and 5
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Manufacturers Aid,
Inc. does business in the Agriculture, Chemistry, and Communications Industries,
as well as 18 other major Manufacturing Industries. Manufacturers Aid, Inc. has
at least 2 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Other Chemical and Allied
Products Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42469001
SIC CODES:
51690400
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Solutions


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Computer Services
     ·    Janitorial Services
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Polishing


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Benzalkonium Chloride
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Butyl
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Cast Iron
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Copper
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Enzymes
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Iron
     ·    Liquid Chlorine
     ·    Mild Steel
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Pewter
     ·    Phosphates
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sterling Silver
     ·    Sulphur


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasives, Acid, Additives, Alcohol, All-Purpose Cleaners,
Aluminum Foil, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Backgrounds, Bed Frames, Beds,
Benzalkonium Chloride, Biologicals, Bleaches, Boosters, Bowls, Broilers,
Brushes, Butyl, Canisters, Canopies, Carbon, Cast Iron, Ceramics, Chairs,
Chemicals, Chlorine, Cleaners, Cleaning Products, Cleansers, Cloth, Clothing,
Coffee Makers, Coffees, Compounds, Computer Services, Containers, Cookers,
Copper, Cosmetics, Cotton, Crystal, Custom Labels, De-Ionized Water, Deep
Fryers, Defoamers, Degreasers, Deodorizers, Detergents, Diapers, Dishes,
Dishwashers, Dishwashing Detergents, Disinfectants, Drinking Glasses, Drums,
Drying Agents, Emulsifying Agents, Enamels, Enzymes, Extractors, Feeds, Feet,
Fiber, Flatware, Floor Cleaners, Flooring, Food Additives, Food Processing
Equipment, Generators, Glass, Glass Cleaners, Glassware, Gold, Grasses, Grill
Cleaners, Grout, Guards, Gum, Hand Cleaners, Hoods, Iron, Janitorial Services,
Jerseys, Jewelry, Kitchen Equipment, Laundry Detergents, Lifts, Lighters,
Lights, Lime, Liquid Chlorine, Liquid Soap, Lockers, Machine Parts, Mild Steel,
Molds, Mop Buckets, Mops, Nets, Neutral Cleaners, Nylon, Organic, Ovens,
Overalls, Oxygen, Packaging, Pass Throughs, Pewter, Phosphates, Plastic
Containers, Plastics, Platters, Polish, Polishing, Polymers, Posts, Process
Equipment, Profiles, Protective Coatings, Quarry Tile, Range Hoods, Release
Agents, Removers, Sauces, Scale Removers, Scales, Screen Printing, Scrub
Brushes, Scrubs, Sequestering Agents, Sheeting, Sheets, Showers, Silicone,
Silicones, Silver, Sinks, Soap, Solid Detergents, Solutions, Solvents, Spray
Bottles, Spraying, Sprays, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel Tables, Steel, Steel
Tables, Sterling Silver, Sulphur, Surfactants, Suspensions, Synthetic Fabrics,
Table Tops, Tables, Teas, Telephones, Tires, Toilets, Towels, Tubs, Uniforms,
Washers, Wetting Agents, Woodwork, Wool, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 14, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D8; OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 719 words


EDWARD F. TENNANT

AID Auditor General

Edward F. Tennant, 75, retired auditor general of the Agency for International
Development, died Dec. 11 at his Silver Spring home after a heart attack.

He retired in 1973 after 20 years with the AID and predecessor agencies,
including four years as AID auditor general. After he retired, he was U.S.
representative in a controllers review and evaluation group at the
Inter-American Development Bank. He also was a consultant for the surveys and
investigations staff of the House Appropriations Committee.

A native of Staten Island, N.Y., Mr. Tennant moved to the Washington area in
1936. He received degrees in accounting from Benjamin Franklin University and
Strayer College. He also studied at the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.

He was an accountant at the Agriculture Department, Social Security
Administration and Office of Education earlier in his career. He joined the War
Assets Administration in 1946, and he later worked for the U.S. high
commissioner in Germany and the Defense Materials Procurement Agency in London.

After joining the State Department, he worked for the Technical Cooperation
Administration, Foreign Operations Administration and the International
Cooperation Administration. He was also deputy director and director of the U.S.
aid mission to Iran.

He received the AID's Distinguished Honor Award.

Mr. Tennant was a director of the American Red Cross Montgomery County chapter,
president of AID's Controller Alumni Association and a member of the Association
of Government Accountants, St. Bernadette's Catholic Church in Silver Spring,
Lakewood Country Club and the Maryland Intra-State Seniors Golfing Association.

Survivors include his wife, Anne Elizabeth Tennant of Silver Spring; a son,
Edward Francis Jr. of Bethesda; and a brother, John J. Tennant of Staten Island.

JEAN C. BYERS

NBS Technician

Jean Campbell Byers, 90, who had been a measurement glassware technician with
the National Bureau of Standards in the 1950s, died of a heart ailment Dec. 11
at the Knollwood retirement residence in Washington.

Mrs. Byers was a lifelong Washington resident. She was a graduate of Central
High School, where she had been a member of the rifle team, and the Corcoran
School of Art. She later taught private classes in ceramic art and jewelry
design.

During World War II, she was an artist-draftsman for the Army Map Service and
did volunteer work for the Red Cross.

Mrs. Byers was a life member and past officer of the Acacia Chapter of the Order
of the Eastern Star. She was a member of National Presbyterian Church in
Washington.

Her husband, Jason H. Byers, died in 1971. Survivors include two children,
Evelyn Byers Surles of Rockville and Donald J. Byers of Aldie; six
grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.

WILBUR H. TURNER

REA Express Agent

Wilbur H. Turner, 76, a retired REA Express agent who was active in veterans'
groups, died of an aneurysm Dec. 1 at Shady Grove Adventist Hospital. He lived
in Rockville.

Mr. Turner was a Washington native and Central High School graduate. He served
with the Army in the Pacific during World War II. He worked for REA Express in
the Washington area for about 40 years before retiring in 1972 from its offices
at National Airport.

He was a founder and first commander of John M. Carter Post No. 9862 of the
Veterans of Foreign Wars in Gaithersburg. He also was a member of the American
Legion and its 40 and 8 organization.

Survivors include his wife, Berry Anne Turner of Rockville; two daughters,
Carolynn L. Shook of Pittsfield, Mass., and Regina M. Kukucka of Rockville; two
brothers, Arthur G. and Raymond E. Turner, both of Boca Raton, Fla.; four
grandchildren; and a great-grandson.

THEA M. BACCI

Alexandria Resident

Thea Marquardt Bacci, 85, an area resident since 1963, died of cardiac arrest
Dec. 11 at Mount Vernon Hospital. She lived in Alexandria.

She had accompanied her husband, Joseph A. Bacci, now a retired Army colonel, to
posts in Panama and Alaska.

Mrs. Bacci, a native of Burlington, Iowa, was a graduate of the Chicago Art
Institute. As a young woman, she taught art at a high school in Davenport, Iowa.

In addition to her husband, of Alexandria, survivors include a son, Joseph E.,
of Woodstock, N.Y., and a grandson.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Aggressive animal-health response can turn avian-flu tide

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 510 words


April 29--In one key way, Grand Forks lucked out with its monster flood. The
city had the great good fortune to flood in 1997, not 1987 or 2007.

And the timing made all the difference, because America had a balanced budget,
Bill Clinton was president, and the North Dakota congressional delegation had
the president and Congress' ear.

The federal aid that resulted left Grand Forks much better off.

Now, 2015 is no 1997, as far as the federal budget goes. Still, an argument can
be made that if America in general and Minnesota in particular had to endure an
avian flu outbreak, 2015 is better than a lot of the alternative years.

That's because both the budget and political situations are better now than they
have been for some time. And where responding to animal or human public-health
crises are concerned, healthy budgets and functional politics are huge.

The staggering outbreak -- and the mass euthanizations it requires, once a
turkey barn is infected -- has killed about a fifth of the turkey population in
Minnesota, which is America's leading turkey-producing state. The state
Department of Agriculture has responded vigorously, as have other state
agencies.

Meanwhile, the Minnesota House and Senate are coming to terms on massive amounts
of emergency funding.

Their task is made infinitely easier by the fact that Minnesota is running a
budget surplus, rather than suffering through shortfalls as had often happened
in the past 10 or 15 years.

In Washington, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., is pressing for federal aid, in the
form of not only reimbursements for farmers whose flocks had to be destroyed,
but also research grants to agriculture schools such as North Dakota State
University.

Here's something that makes this aid much more likely: the fact that
"bipartisanship is busting out all over," as Michael Barone of The Washington
Post reports.

"Exhibit A is the Corker-Cardin legislation, passed unanimously in the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee, providing for limited congressional review of
negotiations with Iran over its nuclear weapons program. Exhibit B is the
legislation combating human trafficking, passed unanimously by the Senate last
Wednesday.

"Exhibit C is the elimination of the annual 'doc fix,' engineered by Speaker
John Boehner and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi."

Such an atmosphere makes it far more likely that Congress -- in a bipartisan
vote -- will authorize millions of dollars in emergency aid.

Klobuchar's right to pursue that funding, and the other members of North Dakota
and Minnesota's congressional delegations should offer their support.

If they do, and if the rest of Congress goes along, then avian flu will become a
straightforward matter of epidemiology, research and public health. And our
state and federal governments -- when they're functioning -- are very, very good
at solving problems of that kind.

-- Tom Dennis for the Herald

___ (c)2015 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150429-GF-EDITORIAL-Aggressive-animal-health-response-can-turn-avian-flu-tide-
0429-20150429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2015 Grand Forks Herald


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Various
Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs "

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation no.  AG-INAP-S-15-0012

Notice Type:  Solicitation
Original Posted Date:
February 5, 2015
Posted Date:
February 5, 2015
Response Date:
Feb 19, 2015 9:00 am Central

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitationAG-INAP-S-15-0012 (2000003150) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Cita D. Trice,
Contracting Officer
cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 17, 1998, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Senate votes $ 500 million to aid struggling farmers

BYLINE: Curt Anderson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 06A; Pg. 06A

LENGTH: 405 words

DATELINE: Washington


From wheat disease in the northern Plains to searing drought in Texas, thousands
of farmers are struggling with natural calamities just as exports are drying up
and crop prices are taking a dive. Congress was moving $ 500 million in
emergency aid Thursday for those hit hardest by flooding, pests and scant
rainfall. Sens. Kent Conrad and Byron Dorgan, both North Dakota Democrats, got
Senate voice vote approval to an amendment to the annual agriculture spending
bill that would create the program, which was endorsed by President Clinton. The
overall bill later passed 97-2 and now heads for negotiations with the House.
"We have enormous economic distress out in farm country," Conrad said. "The
little house on the prairie is in danger of being auctioned off." Net farm
income in 32 states is projected by the Agriculture Department to fall $ 5.2
billion this year from 1996. That year, Republicans won approval of their
"Freedom to Farm" law, which gradually phases out subsidy payments that once
smoothed out price valleys, permits farmers to plant the crops they think will
sell best, and substitutes crop insurance for federal disaster relief. Income is
dropping because of low prices for most crops and livestock, driven down by
enormous worldwide supplies and an Asian financial crisis that is throttling
America's most important agricultural export market. That would be bad enough.
But in states hit by drought, wildfires, hurricanes and recurrent wet weather
that triggers disease, farmers have trouble getting crop insurance and financing
to continue in business. Farm debt in 1998 could reach $ 172 billion, the
highest since the height of the farm crisis in 1985. "Our Oklahoma wheat farmers
are experiencing 1948 prices with 1998 expenses," said Terry Detrick, head of
that state's wheat growers association. Although many Democrats want to return
to price supports that were scrapped two years ago, after losing a key subsidy
vote this week they turned to the $ 500 million emergency aid package to remedy
significant income loss. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman would have broad
discretion to decide where to spend the money. In a letter Thursday, Glickman
said the program would pay supplemental crop insurance for farmers who received
insurance payouts in at least three of the last five years. The payment would
equal about 25 percent of total payouts and would help 48,000 farmers
nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 Adventure Out

                                   130 PO Box
                             Galesville,  WI 54630
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 618-947-2391
URL: http://www.adventureout.com.au/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/MurrayWhitewaterFestival
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Adventure-Out-Australia/138019736377
https://twitter.com/adventureoutaus

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 6557114

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Adventure Out is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Nets, Suits,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, Games, and 15 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Adventure Out does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 20 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Adventure Out has at least 2 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Hospitality

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Nets
     ·    Suits


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Games
     ·    Gears
     ·    Guides
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Linings
     ·    Shoes
     ·    Targets
     ·    Teas
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Fabricators
     ·    Grounding


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Organic
     ·    Plastics


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aircraft, Albums, Appliances, Backgrounds, Backpacks, Bands,
Basketballs, Beds, Bells, Biologicals, Boots, Brads, Briefs, Buses, Business
Cards, Calculators, Calendars, Canes, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Cardboard,
Cartridges, Channels, Coffees, Compost, Containers, Cooling Systems, Crackers,
Cushions, Domes, Dresses, Elements, Fabricators, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flats, Footwear, Games, Gears, Generators, Grasses, Grounding, Guides, Hardware,
Hats, Helmets, Inflatables, Lighting, Lights, Linings, Mailing Lists, Mascots,
Measures, Nets, Organic, Overalls, Paddles, Paper Towels, Pens, Pins, Plastics,
Platforms, Posts, Printers, Radios, Registers, Rounds, Safety Equipment, Scrap,
Shelters, Shoes, Showers, Solutions, Stamps, Suits, Tables, Tablets, Targets,
Tarps, Teas, Tents, Toilet Paper, Toilets, Towels, Towers, Volleyballs, Wedges,
Wheelchairs, Worms

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                February 5, 2002

Building Roots That Help Local Charities Grow

BYLINE: By Steven C. Johnson

SECTION: No. 2374

LENGTH: 888 words


Special to The Moscow Times

Not far from the Ukrainian town where he grew up, Eli Livshitz met a pair of
pensioners who somehow managed to live on nothing. Sitting in their dingy
one-room apartment in eastern Ukraine, the couple rattled off the myriad
expenses they had to meet each month: $ 10 for rent, $ 5 for heating, some $ 2
for electricity, another $ 2 or $ 3 for the basic foodstuffs that comprise their
diet - bread, cucumbers, potatoes.

Their combined pension: $ 16.

"I asked them, 'But how do you survive?'" he recalled. "They simply said, 'We
don't know.'" Livshitz's organization, the Global Jewish Assistance and Relief
Network, is trying to help millions like them in Russia and Ukraine by providing
food, clothing and medical care while trying to help local institutions become
self -sufficient.

The New York-based charity was founded in 1992 by an American rabbi with
Ukrainian roots to help the poor in the former Soviet Union.

As one of a handful of global charities that delivers surplus food from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, GJARN has since delivered 5.4 million kilograms of
food to more than 2 million people.

The organization also works to revitalize Jewish communities that had been
suffocated by decades of communism, but humanitarian assistance is delivered to
all in need, irrespective of religion or ethnicity.

The grateful letters GJARN receives from aid recipients betray just how
desperate many are.

"Your food package broke the ice of despair that was on my heart, and your
warmth and kindness reached our distant, Godforsaken village where we old
collective farmers while away the last days of our lives," wrote one pensioner.

"We're talking about hard-working, educated people - teachers, farmers,
engineers - who worked their entire lives and now have next to nothing," said
Livshitz, who left Ukraine a decade ago to study at a rabbinical college in New
Jersey before coming to Moscow to become GJARN's country director for Russia.

Aid programs enable scores to survive without resorting to selling family
heirlooms or vegetables or army medals on muddy street corners, as the couple
Livshitz met in Ukraine did to make ends meet.

The charity reaches needy people in some of Russia's poorest regions, including
the destitute Far East and Far North, where GJARN recently distributed 2,000
tons of USDA apples.

But even in and around Moscow, many people are barely scraping by.

"Life in most places doesn't resemble what goes on within the Garden Ring. Just
half an hour outside of Moscow, you'll find a different world," said Korey
Hartwich, deputy director at the Moscow office. "We've done a lot, but there's
still a tremendous need." At the Etel-Bikur Holim's daily soup kitchen in
Moscow, sacks full of lentils, buckwheat, peas, condensed milk and other goods
distributed by GJARN are piled up in the kitchen and help feed some 150
pensioners from the city's Jewish community who turn up daily for lunch.

Here, the clientele is a heady mix that includes former Soviet military
officers, journalists and actors - all of whom receive pensions of less than $
50 per month.

"These people are like family to me, and I treat them the way I would treat my
parents," said 60-year-old kitchen director Leonid Eichis.

Most are proud and make the best of their lot. Before lunch, a spry 83-year -old
former athlete leads a mixed group in stretches and leg-lifts.

The walls are lined with photos of the veterans in their younger days, and many
still sport their colorful Soviet medals on their chests.

Vera Lipovetskaya, a one-time fixture of Moscow's Jewish theater circuit before
Stalin shut it down, still carries at 80 an air of the sophistication and
glamour that made her a star more than half a century ago.

Wearing a smart blue dress and bright red lipstick, she eagerly pulls out a
stash of magazine articles about her acting days to show anyone who betrays an
interest.

"We come here as much for the socialization as the food," concedes Iosef
Eselson, a former Olympic coach for the Soviet shooting team. "On weekends, when
the kitchen doesn't work, we get depressed. The women say they've no need to put
on their lipstick." Getting food to everyone who needs it can be a tall order;
Eichis estimates his kitchen reaches about 1,000 of the nearly 30,000 Jewish
pensioners who have expressed interest.

But getting local charities to tackle the task is also part of GJARN's mission.
Livshitz said the group has helped set up soup kitchens in St. Petersburg and
Samara, but only once did the local communities agree to undertake the
day-to-day operation.

"We said we'd sponsor the kitchens and donate the food, but they had to keep it
going," he said.

GJARN's other mission is renewing Jewish communities, which Livshitz says are
undergoing a mini-renaissance.

And while he doesn't gloss over the residue of the anti-Semitism that has long
existed in Russian society, Livshitz says the organization has run into very few
problems among the broader community.

"Based on my experience, I've every reason to believe our activities help in
weakening whatever anti-Semitism is out there, " he said.

For more information or to contribute visit www.globaljewish.org (English) or
www.gjarn.org (Russian).


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 2002 Independent Press


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             Fire X Associates Inc.

                                 115 S Erie St
                               Toledo,  OH 43604
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 419-241-3430
URL: http://www.firexequipment.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 47782461

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Fire X Associates Inc. is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Safety
Equipment, Fire Extinguishers, Fire Safety, Fire Sprinklers, Fire Suppression
Systems, and 11 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Fire
X Associates Inc. does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive
Industries, as well as 18 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; All Other Miscellaneous Store Retailers
(except Tobacco Stores)

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42399011
SIC CODES:
50990301
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Fire Extinguishers
     ·    Fire Safety
     ·    Fire Sprinklers
     ·    Fire Suppression Systems
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Horns
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Sprinklers


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Fire Extinguishers
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Fire Extinguishers
     ·    Fire Safety
     ·    Fire Sprinklers
     ·    Fire Suppression Systems
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Horns
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Sprinklers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Maintenance Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Mining
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonia
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Ammonium Phosphate
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gases
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Phosphates
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Potassium Bicarbonate
     ·    Potassium Chloride
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Sodium Bicarbonate
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Adhesive Tapes, Alarm Systems, Alcohol, Ammonia, Ammonium,
Ammonium Phosphate, Angles, Appliances, Bells, Briefs, Brochures, Buttons,
Calcium, Can Handles, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Cartridges, Cellulose, Charcoal,
Chemical Cans, Chemicals, Circuit Breakers, Cloth, Coats, Compounds, Desks,
Dials, Electrical Equipment, Elements, Emergency Lights, Fire Alarm Systems,
Fire Alarms, Fire Extinguisher Brackets, Fire Extinguisher Cabinets, Fire
Extinguishers, Fire Hose, Fire Hose Nozzles, Fire Safety, Fire Sprinklers, Fire
Suppression Systems, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Fuse Boxes,
Gases, Guards, Horns, Hose Nozzles, Ionization Chambers, Ionization Detectors,
Lasers, Levers, Light Sources, Lights, Machinery, Magnesium, Maintenance
Services, Mattresses, Measures, Mechanisms, Nitrogen, Organic, Oxygen,
Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Phosphates, Photoelectric Detectors, Pins,
Potassium, Potassium Bicarbonate, Potassium Chloride, Safety Cabinets, Safety
Equipment, Salt, Sheets, Smoke Detectors, Sodium, Sodium Bicarbonate, Sprays,
Sprinklers, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel Cylinders, Steel, Steel Cylinders,
Suits, Sweeps

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

OFD aid in Avian Flu cleanup

BYLINE: Danielle Lunsford, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


June 17--OTTUMWA -- Four members of the Ottumwa Fire Department recently made
trips to northern Iowa to aid in the cleanup of chickens affected by the avian
influenza outbreak.

The Iowa Department of Agriculture have reported more than 31.5 million birds
affected, leading Gov. Terry Branstad to declare disaster in 18 counties. In an
effort to control the spread of the disease both state and federal authorities
are working to euthanize those impacted and cleanup the carcasses.

"Our guys are certified hazmat technicians who go to these sites that need help
and act as supervisors to the guys the state has hired to clean up the deceased
chickens," said Assistant Fire Chief Mike Craff. "They are making sure the
cleanup crew is following the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
guidelines and protocols."

The two-week long commitment requires volunteers to undergo specialized training
and job shadow a longtime supervisor to ensure they have an appropriate
understanding of the process.

The effort requires crews to follow a meticulous regime of loading carcasses and
droppings into bags, placing them in dumpsters and taking them to a disposal
site. Before the truck can leave the impacted site it must be cleaned and must
be cleaned once again before leaving the landfill.

Two of the city's participating firefighters were stationed in the northwest
position of the state near Sheldon and the other two are still aiding the effort
northwest of Ames.

The crew members were eligible to volunteer because the department belongs to
the Iowa State Hazmat Task Force, which allows local level groups to better work
together.

Craff thanked city officials for allowing his crew members to experience the
cleanup effort because they will be better prepared for a potential outbreak at
home.

"You never know what's going to happen or what we'll see because [locally] we
cover a nine-country area and that's rather large," said Craff.

The experience has provided the firefighters with an even deeper understanding
of how not only how to handle a large scale hazmat situation, but the
devastating effects it can have on a community.

"After talking with the first two guys that had come back from there I realized
that people don't have a good understanding of the relevance of this [outbreak]
or the effect it has had on the economy up there," said Craff.

Craff said as more bird flu flocks continue to be reported, it will become more
important for certified hazmat technicians to volunteer time to aid in the
cleanup.

Although the technicians are working in two week intervals, Craff said the
situation will need about another month of volunteers working continuously to
complete the cleanup.

-- Danielle Lunsford can be reached at dlunsford@ottumwacourier.com and followed
@CourierDanielle.

___ (c)2015 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150617-OT-OFD-aid-in-Avian-Flu-cleanup-0617-20150617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2015 Ottumwa Courier


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                       National Women & Hiv/aids Project

                            3233 Pennsylvania Ave SE
                             Washington,  DC 20020
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 202-543-2376
URL: http://www.communityeducationgroup.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  https://twitter.com/ceg_dc
https://twitter.com/ceg_test
https://twitter.com/pozmagazine
https://twitter.com/thebodydotcom

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 14835132

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
National Women & Hiv/aids Project is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed
on Oil Cans, Warning Signs, Punching, and 3 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. National Women & Hiv/aids Project does business in the
Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 20 other major
Manufacturing Industries. National Women & Hiv/aids Project has at least 2
business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Administrative Management and General
Management Consulting Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81331900
SIC CODES:
83999901
CAGE CODES:
3T7A9, 3ZHG0
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Oil Cans
     ·    Warning Signs


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Punching


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Mining
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    Synthetic Latex


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Asian-Pacific American Owned, Minority Owned Business,
Women Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Alcohol, Arrows, Backgrounds, Bleaches, Briefs,
Brochures, Buses, Calendars, Chairs, Channels, Clothing, Columbium, Coping,
Dental Dams, Furniture, Glands, Globes, Guides, Gum, Hot Tubs, Lights, Linkages,
Lubricants, Nets, Oil Cans, Overalls, Panels, Pants, Pass Throughs, Pictures,
Pills, Pins, Platforms, Polyurethane, Posters, Posts, Profiles, Punching,
Radios, Scales, Scopes, Seats, Sheets, Shelters, Shoes, Solutions, Speakers,
Stickers, Surveillance Systems, Swabs, Synthetic Latex, Syringes, Tables,
Targets, Telephones, Testers, Toilet Seats, Toilets, Transmissions, Tubs,
Uniforms, Warning Signs, Water Coolers, Wedges

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INMP-S-16-0012

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 9, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-16-0012 (2000003871) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small bAG-INMP-S-16-0012
(2000003871) usiness set-asides, service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides,
quantities reserved for 8(a) and AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation
preferences for qualified HUBZone small businesses. Deliveries are to various
locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice, Contracting Officer cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INMP-S-16-0012

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 5, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INMP-S-16-0012 (2000003871) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small bAG-INMP-S-16-0012
(2000003871) usiness set-asides, service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides,
quantities reserved for 8(a) and AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation
preferences for qualified HUBZone small businesses. Deliveries are to various
locations in the United States.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice, Contracting Officer cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

In Texas, Disaster Aid Is a Contentious Topic

BYLINE: Ambreen Ali

LENGTH: 793 words



Wildfires, historic drought and a tight state budget may have made Texans more
reliant on the federal government, but that doesn't mean they like it.

As Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) sought federal aid to fight wildfires in his state
last week, a group of cattle raisers lobbied Congress to lift regulations and
leave them alone.

"We've come to Washington to ask the government to please back off and stay out
of our business," Joe Parker, president of the Texas and Southwestern Cattle
Raisers Association, told Roll Call in between visits with Hill staffers last
week.

In the meetings, he and his fellow ranchers requested tax relief to rebuild
fences destroyed by the fires, but Parker distinguished that from direct aid,
which he said the beef producers do not need. He instead suggested the
government could "back off" by repealing environmental regulations and ethanol
subsidies that hamper businesses.

Texas farmers have lost billions of dollars in crops and livestock in what has
become the state's worst drought on record. Yet rural advocates, many of whom
are conservative, have resisted federal aid and defend state budget cuts that
have made relief harder to get.

"We're proud of the fact that our state has embraced that [balanced budget]
constitutional requirement. We're dealing with that. It's a painful process, but
we're proud," Parker said.

This year's fires and drought have cost Texas agriculture an estimated $5.2
billion, according to the Texas AgriLife Extension Service, a state-funded
nonprofit. In June, the U.S. Department of Agriculture began offering loan
assistance to Texas farmers hurt by the drought and resulting fires.

Last week, as Perry requested $50 million in emergency aid from the federal
government - which he has called overbearing, burdensome and costly - his
critics pointed out that he recently slashed funding for Texas volunteer fire
departments by 74 percent and for the Texas Forest Service by 34 percent. They
argued that the cuts have made the state more reliant on federal aid.

President Barack Obama and Democrats have also highlighted the assistance the
federal government is providing to Texas.

"If you're someone who's homeless as a result of the fire, you want to have
federal support. That's particularly true in Texas, where there's been a
reduction in vital support so the governor can run as a no-taxes-raised
candidate," said Rep. Lloyd Doggett, a Texas Democrat whose district was damaged
by the wildfires.

Doggett said the disasters prove that Texas can't take care of all of its
problems on its own. As the fires quell, he expects his state will need even
more federal aid to rebuild.

"These are legitimate roles for the government to play," he said.

While many Texans have taken the aid that the Department of Agriculture and the
Federal Emergency Management Agency have provided, they still object to the idea
that the federal government needs to swoop in and help them.

"We can take care of ourselves and our families better than [the government]
can," said Maria Acosta, president of the Central Texas 9-12 Project, a tea
party group with more than 1,000 members.

Still, Acosta welcomed the federal help with the fires as a sort of refund on
federal taxes that Texans pay and that she opposes.

"We do feel like if we could send less money to Washington, there are things we
could do for ourselves here and do it better," she said.

Jimmy Clark, executive director of the Southwest Council of Agribusiness, echoed
the sentiment against government aid, saying: "The answer to all the problems
out here is Mother Nature. All we need is rain."

The group's members include cotton farmers, whose drought insurance has helped
them get through the dry season. But the insurance covers only costs, so few of
them have been able to earn the income on which they depend.

Meanwhile, state cuts have downsized the agencies on which Texas farmers rely
during such emergency situations.

The Texas AgriLife Extension Service has set up livestock supply points where
farmers can pick up donated hay and round up lost cattle. But the nonprofit has
had to eliminate other programs and 70 percent of its workforce because of the
cuts.

"The funding presents a significant challenge," said Pete Gibbs, an associate
director with the group.

In July, organic farmer Hardy Purvis pulled out of his local farmers market
because he had too few crops to sell. The Buda Farmers' Market has since shut
down for the season because of low supply.

Purvis has a kennel business that has helped cushion his losses, but he said he
worries for those farmers with more land and more to lose.

"It's just been a disaster for the conventional farmers down here," he said.
"I'm sure they're all clamoring for whatever relief they can get from the
government."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Roll Call, Inc.


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                            October 16, 1995, Monday

State Seeks Disaster Aid For Maryland Farmers Hit by Drought

SECTION: Pg.  1

LENGTH: 146 words


For the second time in three years, Maryland is seeking disaster aid for farmers
whose crops were damaged by a summer drought. Gov. Parris Glendening sent a
letter Friday to the U.S. Department of Agriculture asking that 12 counties on
the Eastern Shore and in southern Maryland be declared disaster areas. ''What
this will do is make the farmers in those counties eligible for low-interest
emergency loans . . . ,'' said Harold Kanarek, spokesman for the state
Department of Agriculture. ''It is for farmers who have suffered 40 percent or
more loss in crops during the growing season,'' he said. ''These emergency loans
are to help them get the seed, the fertilizer, etc. for the next planting,''
Kanarek said. Dan Shortall, a Queen Anne's County farmer, said results were
mixed for corn this summer with some farmers doing well and some losing much of
their crop.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Daily Record Co.


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Mordue Moving & Storage

                              9011 N University St
                               Peoria,  IL 61615
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 309-662-8819
URL: http://www.morduemoving.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/morduemoving
https://twitter.com/morduemoving

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9315107

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Mordue Moving & Storage is a supplier focussed on Globes, Guides, Safety
Equipment, Solutions, First Aid, and 8 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Mordue Moving & Storage does business in the
Agriculture, Automotive, and Communications Industries, as well as 21 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Mordue Moving & Storage has at least 2 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Mordue Moving
and Storage Professional Movers Specializing in Residential and Commercial
local, intrastate, interstate and worldwide moves"
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; General Freight Trucking Local

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
48411000
SIC CODES:
42140000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Globes
     ·    Guides
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Safety Equipment


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Relocation Services
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Carbon
     ·    Copper
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hardwood
     ·    Plastics


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Tape Cutters


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Air Filters, Appliances, Backgrounds, Barns, Bulbs, Can
Handles, Carbon, Carbon Monoxide Detectors, Cleaning Supplies, Coins, Compost,
Containers, Copper, Cord, Crayons, Customer Surveys, Decks, Dishes, Dividers,
Dollies, Door Locks, Drawers, Dresses, Drywall, Electricity, Feet, Filters, Fire
Alarms, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Floor Coverings, Fluorescent Lights,
Footwear, Furniture, Generators, Globes, Gold, Guides, Hardwood, HVAC Systems,
Industrial Air Conditioning, Industrial Lighting, Insulation, Jewelry, Lamps,
Lifts, Light Bulbs, Lighting, Lights, Measures, Moving Vans, Note Pads,
Overalls, Overhead Doors, Padding, Pianos, Pictures, Pillows, Piping, Plastic
Bags, Plastics, Posts, Rails, Relocation Services, Rentals, Rounds, Safety
Equipment, Sanders, Scales, Security Cameras, Security Systems, Shipping
Containers, Shoes, Snacks, Sockets, Solutions, Springs, Stairs, Stickers,
Stretch Wrap, Stuffed Animals, Sunscreens, Tape Cutters, Targets, Temperature
Controls, Toilet Paper, Toilets, Tractors, Upholstered Furniture, Vans, Vaults,
Vessels, Walkways, Wire, Woodwork

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 12, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Broad Support Seen for Drought Aid

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 900 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 11


As showers that began Saturday continued to fall on parts of the parched Midwest
and South, the chairmen of the House and Senate Agriculture Committees told
President Reagan today that there was widespread support in both parties for
legislation that would provide billions of dollars in relief to farmers whose
crops have been damaged.

In a meeting at the White House, Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont,
chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, and Representative E. (Kika) de la
Garza, Democrat of Texas, chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, said the
President expressed support for the legislation and indicated concern about
drought damage.

Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng, Representative Edward R. Madigan,
Republican of Illinois, and Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana,
also attended the meeting.

'Encouraged' by Response

Senator Leahy said it was his intention to hold hearings on Capitol Hill this
week in order to shape the legislation into a form that could be approved. ''I'm
very encouraged by the response of the President,'' Mr. Leahy said. ''The
President asked us to be mindful of the budget. We are mindful of it.''

Republican Congressional leaders said they would be active in shaping the
legislation. ''There are no areas of disagreement,'' Mr. Lugar said.

The 25-minute meeting came as the Agriculture Department was preparing to
release a special study of the drought's effect on crop production. The study is
due out Tuesday. Mr. Lyng said, ''Perhaps never before in the history of the
United States has there been a July 11 on which so much uncertainty remained as
to the true supply and demand situation for U.S. agricultural production.''

'Wild Card' in Election

The activity at the White House and on Capitol Hill reflects a growing awareness
by both parties of the political consequences if they are seen as failing to
react to the distress caused by the drought. Republican political experts have
called the drought a ''wild card'' in the 1988 Presidential campaign, believing
that it may cause some voters to switch.

Democrats, meanwhile, hope to pick up support in the drought regions of the
northern Great Plains, the Middle West and the South, areas that have supported
Republican candidates in recent national elections.

The House and Senate versions, which are nearly identical, and which would cost
between $5 billion and $6 billion, call for disaster payments to be made to any
farmers who have lost at least 65 percent of their crops to the drought. The
payments are to be directed to farmers who raise vegetables, fruits, soybeans
and grains. Farmers would be eligible to receive payments amounting to
two-thirds of the market value of vegetable and fruit crops, and two-thirds of
the Congressionally set prices for grain crops.

Effect on Support Payments

In addition, some farmers who received support payments in advance from the
Government for grain crops would not have to refund portions of the payments if
the drought caused extensive damage. The Congressional staff members said they
believed that no more than $1 billion was involved in this part of the
legislation.

At the White House the drought has become a principal focus of activities this
week. On Tuesday, the President will meet with Congressional leaders of both
parties. On Wednesday, Mr. Reagan is tentatively scheduled to meet with Dean
Kleckner, president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, and presidents of
state farm bureaus. Both meetings will take place at the White House, officials
said.

On Thursday, Mr. Reagan leaves Washington to travel to Iowa and to tour parched
areas near Marion, Ill. He is scheduled to visit the farm of Herman Krone, who
raises corn and soybeans near Du Quoin. The trip, Mr. Reagan's first to assess
damage from the drought, recalled similar journeys by President Franklin D.
Roosevelt, who toured the Middle West and northern Great Plains in 1934 and
1936.

Reagan Wants Cooperation

Mr. Reagan, who has taken an active interest in the drought, has made it clear
to Mr. Lyng that he wants the Administration and Congress to work together to
aid farmers.

Meanwhile, the stubborn high-pressure weather system that produced the hot, dry
conditions over the northern Great Plains and Middle West collapsed over the
weekend, the National Weather Service said.

The weather system has been replaced by another that is helping to bring showers
over the Ohio Valley, the Dakotas, Iowa and parts of the South, particularly in
Arkansas. The showers are expected to persist through Tuesday and possibly into
Wednesday, meteorologists said.

Hot Weather Could Be Back

But the long-range forecast by the National Weather Service calls for the
high-pressure system to return, perhaps by the end of the week.

''The rain over the weekend and what we may get early this week helps,'' said
Ernest Paroczay, a meteorologist at the National Meteorological Center in Camp
Springs, Md., near Washington. ''But it's not going to end the drought.''

Across the Middle West, there were more indications that the corn crop has
already suffered extensive damage. Scientists at Purdue University in Lafayette,
Ind., estimated today that 40 percent of the state's harvest had been destroyed.
At about 650 million bushels of corn annually, Indiana is the nation's
fourth-largest producer.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 15, 2011 Tuesday

Afghanistan asks USA not to suspend development aid

LENGTH: 341 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 15 February

[Presenter] The USA has frozen some 6bn of its aid for Afghanistan. A USAID
official says that 6bn dollars was due to be handed over to the USAID office in
Kabul, but the money has now been held up. Meanwhile, the Finance Ministry
spokesman has regretted this move by the USA.

[Correspondent] This USAID official has said that the 6bn dollars was approved
in November last year for spending in agriculture, energy and agriculture
projects in Afghanistan and was ready to be sent to this country. He added that
the reason for their concern was the dissolution of private security companies
by the Afghan government.

[Text of remark by a senior USAID official in Dari, also read out by
correspondent] We have expressed concern to the Afghan government that this is a
wasted opportunity.

[Correspondent] In the meantime, the Finance Ministry spokesman criticized the
suspension of the aid by the USA, asking Washington to continue its
contributions to Afghanistan.

[Aziz Shams, speaking over the phone] I am very sorry that the USA, which has
been the biggest donor for Afghanistan over the past many years, has decided to
suspend its aid to Afghanistan over very minor issues and on the pretext that
the Afghan government has decided to dismantle private security firms. The
Islamic Republic of Afghanistan is really sorry that the USA has taken such a
stance. Taking into account agreements of cooperation it signed with the Islamic
Republic of Afghanistan and based on our lasting friendship with the USA, the
Afghan government and people once again request and the USA and the US
congressmen not to halt the aid, and hope that such small and minor issues will
not damage the relations.

[Correspondent] It is worth pointing out that President Karzai has earlier
ordered dismantling of private security firms in Afghanistan, and after these
firms are dismantled, the Interior Ministry will be responsible for ensuring
security of aid organizations.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 0430 gmt 15 Feb 11

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

USDA NEEDS TO AID BELEAGUERED DAIRY FARMERS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 401 words


These are incredibly tough times for Wisconsin's working dairy farmers.

Milk prices are down, and costs for production are going up.

Dairies that paid premium prices to Wisconsin's small family farmers in order to
get the best quality milk are switching to bigger operations -- including some
factory farms -- which produce lower-quality milk.

The result is devastating. Farm families that have been on the land for
generations are questioning whether they can continue.

Wisconsin's dairy farmers don't expect a lot in the way of help from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, which has historically maintained policies that are
biased in favor of farmers in the Northeast. But in this urgent moment, there
are smart federal interventions that could help a great deal.

The National Farmers Union has asked Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to take
urgent action. The NFU is asking that Vilsack move to: -- Make available
low-interest and emergency loans, including a foreclosure mitigation program, to
stem the tide of loan foreclosures as a result of the current economic climate.

-- Eliminate authority for dairy forward contracting, which allows processors to
shift all economic risk onto producers, encourages vertical integration of
America's dairy production, and dismantles the Federal Milk Marketing Order
system.

-- Establish a dairy price support program that accounts for the total cost of
production.

-- Provide immediate oversight of the dairy product pricing system to ensure
transparency, fairness and competitive markets.

-- Immediately release the MILC (Milk Income Loss Contract) payments due to
producers.

-- Address bad trade policies and loopholes that stack the deck against U.S.
farmers, especially those in the Upper Midwest.

These are smart proposals.

Vilsack, an Iowan who understands the unique challenges faced by this region --
and who knows the importance of maintaining diverse ownership of the means of
food production -- should follow the NFU's advice.

As NFU President Roger Johnson argues, correctly, "The dairy crisis continues to
cripple family dairy farmers and their rural communities. I hear regularly from
longtime dairy producers who have never experienced such a devastating economic
tidal wave. While the dairy sector is not unique in its economic struggles, the
severity of the dairy situation requires immediate and creative policy
solutions."

An editorial - 6/06/2009 7:01 am

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  To view the Web version of the story, go to -
http://www.madison.com/tct/opinion/453833

GRAPHIC: File photo Wisconsin dairy farmers need help from the government.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 20, 1993, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MIDWEST LEVEES GET HELP UNDER COMPROMISE PLAN

BYLINE: Robert L. Koenig Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1040 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Flood-gouged levees in the Midwest got an extra $ 18 million in repair aid
Friday, while a separate federal action pumped up efforts to expand wetlands in
flood-prone areas.

Those responses to the Flood of '93 came as Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy, who
heads the flood-recovery effort, planned a trip Monday to meet with farmers in
Missouri and Illinois and to tour flood-stricken Valmeyer, lll. The city plans
to move to higher ground.

Meanwhile, Congress appeared poised to approve a bill this weekend to quadruple
buyout money for flooded communities. An

The federal interagency group on Midwest flood recovery decided Friday to
earmark an extra $ 18 million to help repair levees that are ineligible for aid
from the Army Corps of Engineers but protect key roads or buildings and have a
public sponsor.

The extra money for levee repair will be taken from emergency flood aid that had
been allotted to the Economic Development Administration for jobs programs. The
new money comes in addition to $ 180 million appropriated last summer for the
corps' levee-aid program.

The new levee money - a compromise between previous plans for no aid for
ineligible levees and the demands of some Missouri officials for $ 100 million
in extra aid - managed to anger both sides in the debate: environmentalists and
pro-levee politicians.

Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo., said through a spokeswoman that the extra $ 18
million is "woefully inadequate" to help rebuild the 355 ineligible levees along
the lower Missouri River "in time to prevent spring flooding from causing great
damage in Missouri."

Meanwhile, the American Rivers conservation group, which opposed federal aid for
ineligible rural levees, denounced the new levee rules as a "flip-flop" by
President Bill Clinton's administration, which also is promoting alternatives to
repairing some levees.

"We are repeating the mistakes of the past," said Scott Faber, who directs the
group's flood-plain management programs. He argued that helping to repair
ineligible levees is unfair and "removes incentives to properly construct and
maintain levees in the future."

Morrie Goodman, chief spokesman for the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
argued that the new levee rules "are absolutely not a reversal.  This would only
help levees that protect significant public property in the Midwest."

On the same day it moved to rebuild many levees, the administration also
released new rules that aim to make it simpler for farmers to convert
flood-damaged land to wetlands.

Espy's top flood aide, Oleta Fitzgerald, said the new regulations for the
Emergency Wetlands Reserve Programs - rules changes that have been delayed for
two months - "will make it easier for some farmers who want to get out of the
flood plain, and to recover losses."

This week, the Agriculture Department confirmed plans to use $ 15 million in
emergency flood-aid money to buy flooded land suitable for conversion of
wetlands from farmers wwilling to sell.

The flurry of federal action Friday came as agriculture officials from Missouri,
Illinois and Iowa appealed to a House committee for more help.

l Kyle Vickers, deputy director of the Missouri Department of Agriculture, said,
"Delayed planting, poor seasonal growing conditions, cropland erosion, flooded
fields and an early fall freeze have all contributed to conditions in the rural
Midwest that have left farmers facing economic and natural hardships previously
unimagined."

Vickers called for a major expansion of the emergency wetlands program in a way
that would make it easier for farmers to convert flooded cropland.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                               May 1, 2006 Monday

Low turnout at tornado aid concert

BYLINE: AMANDA REAVY STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 378 words


A stint of severe weather Sunday may have discouraged visitors from stopping by
the state-sponsored Tornado Aid Benefit Concert at the Illinois State
Fairgrounds.

But organizers say the dozens who did arrive at the Orr Building did their part
to help the local branch of the American Red Cross recover from storm relief
efforts.

"The turnout was OK. The possibility for severe weather played a factor," said
Jennifer Waldinger, Department of Central Management Services program manager.

Thunderstorms moved through Sangamon County about 3:30 p.m. with reports of
penny-sized hail in Auburn and two miles east of Chatham, according to the
National Weather Service.

CMS worked with the Illinois Department of Agriculture and other state agencies
to put on the event, which raised money to help the Red Cross with its second
wave of storm relief efforts, said Chuck Hartke, Department of Agriculture
director.

"The first week was covered by insurance and (assistance from the Federal
Emergency Management System. The second wave of storms was not," he said. "Every
little bit helps."

The suggested minimum donation was $5 per person, with children younger than 12
admitted for free. Proceeds from food and drink sales also were donated to the
Red Cross, along with sales revenue from Tornado Aid T-shirts that were
available for purchase.

Hartke said the Department of Agriculture donated use of the building while six
bands donated their time to play. "Maybe we should have used a smaller
building," Hartke said with a laugh.

The event was held from noon to 10 p.m. and featured music acts including The
City Limits Band, River Ramblers, Ultraviolet, Inspected by 12, Thornhill and
Jolly Band of Cowboys.

Other activities included clowns, balloons, face painting and a "moon walk."

Waldinger said she didn't have a final count for how much money was raised  but
expected the event to raise several thousand dollars.

Chris and Mary Schofield of Rochester came to the concert for several hours with
their friends Thanh and Marque Melick of Pawnee to enjoy the drinks and live
music.

Mary Schofield, who works for CMS, said she wished the event had better
publicity.

"I wish there were more people," Chris Schofield said. "We came a long way to
support a good cause."

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            July 18, 2012 Wednesday

Official: More drought aid expected soon

BYLINE: Tim Landis; Business Editor, TIM.LANDIS@SJ-R.COM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 262 words


Severe drought damage is spreading quickly throughout Illinois, the acting
director of the state Department of Agriculture said Tuesday.

Bob Flider said he expects the federal government to announce additional
emergency aid within days for a drought that shows no signs of easing.

"In fact, the forecast between now and the end of September is hotter and
drier," Flider said after announcing a new state marketing campaign for Illinois
products at the Schnucks supermarket in Sangamon Center North.

He said the department and Gov. Pat Quinn are in contact with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, which has designated more than 1, 000 counties
nationwide as drought disaster areas, including 26 in southern Illinois.

The greatest damage has been done to the corn crop, but Flider said cattle
farmers also have been hurt by the loss of summer hay. He said the agency is
urging farmers to work with local Farm Service Agency offices to allow emergency
use of land normally set aside for conservation.

"It makes hay available to cattle that otherwise might not be available," Flider
said. "We're working with the Farm Bureau trying to get that message to the
local ag community, that they need to work with their FSA to make that case.

"Once they do, they can be declared a disaster area," Flider said.

Under USDA rules, a county qualifies if it has been in a severe drought for at
least eight weeks or has had an extreme drought during the growing season.

A national update from the U.S. Drought Monitor is scheduled for release
Thursday.

Tim Landis can be reached at 788-1536.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 8, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Illinois, No. 2 U.S. Corn Producer, Loses Half of Its Crop to Drought

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 9, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 866 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 7


Months of drought and weeks of blistering temperatures have destroyed half the
corn crop in Illinois, the nation's second-largest producer of corn, state
agriculture officials said today.

That assessment by Illinois was the first of what is almost certain to be a
string of reports of crop failures across the Middle West, although the northern
Great Plains states of Minnesota, Montana and the Dakotas reported as early as
last month that at least half their wheat, barley and oat crops had already been
destroyed.

The Illinois officials, in telephone interviews, said the hot, arid conditions
were reducing corn yields by 2 to 5 percent a day. If the state does not receive
any rain in the next week to 10 days, they said, its corn harvest may yield no
more than 400 million bushels, only a third of last year's harvest, which ran a
close second to Iowa's 1.3 billion bushels and was 17 percent of the national
total.

Records for Misery

''It's already the worst crop failure in our history,'' said Mike Williams, the
state's assistant director of agriculture. ''Every day we don't receive any
moisture it gets worse. The question is how much worse it's going to get.''

Across the nation, heat records for a July 7 were set today, as were records for
lack of moisture. International Falls, Minn., usually one of the nation's
coolest spots, registered 98 degrees, tying the record for the hottest it has
ever been there on any date. In Flint, Mich., it was 101 degrees. Havre, Mont.,
has had only 30-hundredths of an inch of rain since April 1, the lowest total of
precipitation for so long a period ever measured in that region.

In Washington, the Agriculture Department added 61 counties to its list of
drought disaster areas, bringing the list's total to 1,880 counties, in 37
states. Such designation makes an area's farmers eligible for a variety of
relief programs.

Meanwhile, drought relief committees formed by Congress, the Reagan
Administration and the National Governors' Association met here to discuss the
worsening conditions in the South, the northern Great Plains, the Middle West
and California. Gov. George Sinner of North Dakota, chairman of the committee
formed by the governors' association, said the state and Federal officials had
discussed ways to more quickly provide feed to livestock producers.

The committees also discussed legislation Congress is preparing to vastly expand
aid to farmers whose crops have been destroyed or damaged. Representative E.
(Kika) de la Garza, the Texas Democrat who heads the House Agriculture
Committee, said a comprehensive bill would be ready to be submitted to both
houses of Congress by the end of the month.

The money to pay for the aid would come from the $5 billion or more the
Agriculture Department expects to save on income support programs this year
because of the drought. Income support is based on the difference between market
prices and higher, Congressionally-set target prices. With market prices rising
as a result of the drought and thus more nearly approaching the targets, the
Government expects to pay farmers far less than usual in the fall.

Corn Threatened Elsewhere

One of the states most seriously affected by the drought is Ohio. The
temperature soared to 100 degrees today in Columbus, the capital, and state
officials banned open burning. Ohio has experienced massive fish kills on the
Great Miami River near Miamisburg in recent weeks, and the flow of the Maumee
River at Toledo is 2 percent of normal.

And according to Ohio agriculture analysts, 70 percent of the state's
500-million-bushel corn crop, the nation's sixth-largest, is under severe
stress. If it does not rain in the next week, officials said, much of the crop
will be destroyed.

Corn, the nation's largest and most important crop, is also imperiled in Kansas,
Minnesota, Indiana, Missouri, Michigan and Kentucky.

In Ohio, Minnesota and Wisconsin, dairy farmers have begun to slaughter their
better cows because feed has become either too scarce or too expensive.

In the South, the drought is proving particularly ruinous to crops in
Mississippi, Alabama and Arkansas. More than 60 percent of the $400 million
soybean crop in Arkansas is rated as poor or very poor by the Department of
Agriculture, as is a similar percentage of the soybean crop in Alabama. Most of
Mississippi's $300 million cotton crop is also in dire shape.

Dredging Near Natchez

Along the Mississippi River, dredge operators working for the Army Corps of
Engineers were trying today to clear a channel 20 miles south of Natchez, Miss.,
at Black Hills, where 1,200 barges were reported blocked.

And Roger Steakley, a spokesman for the Corps of Engineers in Vicksburg, Miss.,
said measurements at Memphis showed that the Mississippi there was three feet
below the lowest level ever previously recorded.

Representatives of the Coast Guard, the Corps of Engineers and the American
Waterways Operators Association, a Washington-based trade group representing
barge and towboat companies, are planning to meet in Memphis on Friday to
develop a coordinated program for keeping the Mississippi and other important
waterways open to traffic.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Gov. George Sinner (Paul Conklin)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 5, 1982, Wednesday, Final Edition

State Seeks To Curb Gypsy Moth Spread

BYLINE: By NANCY SCANNELL, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Virginia Weekly; Va. 1

LENGTH: 793 words


Virginia agriculture officials expect to begin aerial and ground spraying in
isolated parts of Fairfax and Loudoun counties next week in an attempt to
control the spread of leaf-eating gypsy moths.

The gypsy moth, which devastated 13.1 million acres of forest in the Northeast
last year, is most dangerous in its caterpillar stage, which hatches in late
April or early May, agricultural officials said.

Egg masses laid by female gypsy moths can contain 200 to 1,000 eggs; when the
caterpillars hatch they feed voraciously on newly formed leaves, usually at
night. Repeated defoliations can kill some trees and weaken others, making them
more vulnerable to attacks by other pests and borers.

"We want to get a start on controlling these pests in Virginia instead of
waiting until it's too late," said Robert Bailey, an assistant supervisor in the
plant and pest control section of the Virginia Department of Agriculture and
Consumer Services.

Egg masses that produce the gypsy moth caterpillar have been found in six
locations in Fairfax County, one spot in both Loudoun and Fauquier counties and
in the southern counties of Lunenburg and Floyd.

No egg masses have been found yet in Arlington or Alexandria, Bailey said, "but
it is a general assumption that Northern Virginia is next in line as far as the
general southward spread from the northeastern states is concerned. We also
presume there are other infected sites in Northern Virginia, but we haven't
found them yet."

The gypsy moth spreads naturally with the aid of wind, and artificially with the
aid of people. The female, which does not fly, crawls into cracks on outdoor
objects such as trees, wood piles and window ledges and under the eaves of
houses to lay her eggs. She also hitchhikes on recreational vehicles, tents,
mobile homes and hauling-trailers--which is how state agriculture officials
suspect many of the moths migrated here from the Northeast. Recreational
vehicles are more suspect because they often are parked for several days in
woody areas or campsites that may be infested.

State Agricultural Commissioner Mason Carbaugh said a half-mile radius
surrounding the infested areas already discovered in Northern Virginia will be
quarantined later this summer, provided various oversight committees of the
state legislature do not object.

Once in effect, Carbaugh said, the quarantines would allow state inspectors to
block infested shipments of agricultural products such as firewood from leaving
the restricted areas and to require inspection of recreational vehicles leaving
the areas. Violation of the quarantine would constitute a misdemeanor.

Some areas will be treated next week, weather permitting, with chemicals
sanctioned by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as safe for humans, pets
and plant life. The chemicals to be sprayed are Thuricide, Dimilin and Dylox,
none of which has long-term residual effects, agriculture officials said.

Aerial spraying will take place next Tuesday for 65 acres in the Loudoun County
town of Lucketts, 50 acres in the Southdown subdivison in Great Falls and 33
acres in Springfield. A two-acre section in the Annandale Acres subdivision is
scheduled for ground-spraying late next week or early the following week.

In other areas, officials will lay chemically treated traps to attract and
confuse male gypsy moths and disrupt breeding.

Egg masses found on a tree on Auburn Street in Annandale, on a tree on Red
Spruce Road in Fairfax City and on a tree in West Park, an industrial park in
McLean near Tysons Corner have been destroyed and traps will be set to monitor
any further infestation, agricultural officials said.

Residents living in the areas to be sprayed already have been notified,
officials said, and will be reminded again before the spraying starts.

"We've advised them to stay indoors and get their pets and any laundry indoors,"
said Ralph Donnell, Fairfax County's gypsy moth control supervisor. "It's not
that they have to, but it just makes common sense not to stand outside while a
helicopter is spraying overhead."

The privately owned helicopters hired for the job are expected to start spraying
the Great Falls section at 7 a.m. and the Springfield area around 9:15 a.m.,
officials said. They said those times were picked because minimum activity would
be expected outside--too early for school children to be out, they said, and
late enough that most adults would have gone to work.

The spray should dry within 20 minutes to an hour after it is applied, they
said.

The Fairfax County Board of Supervisors has appropriated $35,000 to help combat
the gypsy moths, which are particularly fond of the oak and hickory trees that
make up more than 78 percent of the county's forest area.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Ralph Donnell, supervisor of gypsy moth control for Fairfax
County, and Rusty Wendt of the state Agriculture Department, check for moth eggs
or catepillars on the bark of the hickory tree.  By CRAIG HERNDON--The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   February 3, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

White House Offers Farm Aid Proposal

Charles Babington, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 427 words


The Clinton administration, saying many farmers continue to struggle despite the
nation's overall rosy economy, announced yesterday a two-year, $ 11.5 billion
plan to boost farm incomes, encourage conservation and help farmers buy crop and
livestock insurance.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman, who released the budget proposal, said the
goal is to make supplemental aid to farmers more predictable until the mammoth
1996 farm bill is rewritten in 2002. Even though that bill had envisioned a
market-driven policy with fewer subsidies for farmers, Congress has approved
about $ 15 billion in emergency aid over the past two years, acknowledging that
drought and low prices continue to take a toll.

The administration's new proposal, part of the fiscal 2001 budget that President
Clinton will unveil on Monday, is designed to let Congress consider supplemental
farm aid in a more timely and orderly fashion, Glickman said in an interview.

"We believe it will focus the debate early in Congress to avert costly, ad hoc
emergency bills," he said. "We've said on a number of occasions that the safety
net in that [1996] bill is not adequate."

A spokesman for the House Agriculture Committee said the panel will hold
hearings on the administration plan but that its leaders will withhold comment
until more details are known.

The administration plan would spend $ 3.1 billion over two years to boost the
incomes of eligible growers of wheat, feed grains, rice, upland cotton and
oilseeds. Payments would be triggered when a farmer's projected gross income
from the crop, which would include existing government subsidies, falls below 92
percent of the preceding five-year average.

"The program addresses a major shortcoming of the 1996 farm bill through
providing countercyclical support that reflects a farmer's current production
and market conditions," said a Department of Agriculture briefing paper. The new
payments would be capped at $ 30,000 per farmer, it said, in order "to target
the program to smaller farmers who typically have lower farm income."

To encourage environmental safeguards, the administration plan would allocate $
600 million to "provide annual payments to farmers and ranchers who implement
such conservation practices as nutrient management, prescribed grazing and
partial-field conservation practices," which include "grassed waterways and
windbreaks," the briefing paper said. It also would increase spending to
safeguard wildlife habitats and to buy easements to protect farmlands from
suburban sprawl.


LOAD-DATE: February 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 6, 2006 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Grain industry giants get millions in Katrina aid

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT, FOR THE LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: F; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


While American taxpayers await an accounting on the billions of dollars sent to
the Gulf Coast to clean up Katrina's devastation, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture already knows the tab for four emergency programs hastily designed
"to further reduce stress on the grain transportation system" caused by the
storm.

The amount was $22.7 million.

And, according to published data at www.fsa.usda.gov/DACO/Katrina.htm, the USDA
also knows where most of the loot went.

A cool $19.7 million of the federal aid, or 87 percent, to assist grain
merchandisers and farmers along Katrina-slowed Midwestern waterways slipped into
the deep, soft pockets of Cargill, Archer Daniels Midland and Louis Dreyfus,
three of the world's largest grain merchandisers..

The program, announced by Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns on Sept. 20, had
four components to address the Katrina-crunched grain market. All were tied to
slowing or reversing the flow of grain along an already backed-up,
drought-pinched Mississippi River system.

The first was a "temporary incentive" - known elsewhere as cash - "to assist
immediate movement of some 140 barges of damaged corn out of New Orleans to
up-river locations." Once there, the barges would be unloaded to then "continue
up the river to load and begin moving new-crop commodities."

Under this part of the program, Cargill, the giant multinational that earned
$2.1 billion on 2005 sales of $71.1 billion, was paid $7.2 million to move 92
barges back upriver.

Louis Dreyfus, another $20 billion-plus-a-year global grain player, received
$2.03 million to, as Johanns hopefully noted Sept. 20, "relieve pressure on
farmers and related businesses" by moving 28 barges back whence they came.

The second part of the Katrina program, "barge unloading of damaged
commodities," delivered a second helping of cash to Cargill - $960,985.92,
according to USDA stats.

The emergency plan also included a "freight differential" -again, cash - "to
reduce stress on the central gulf transportation and handling system â?¦ to
cover the costs of moving grain to other river transportation modes and handling
and locations."

ADM leaped into that breach and picked up $1.03 million in freight costs to
divert shipments to other ports. Dreyfus, which also diverted grain away from
New Orleans, collected $436,261.

Part four of the USDA plan sought to keep grain off Midwestern rivers by paying
upstream merchandisers, cooperatives and elevators to temporarily store it -
mostly on the ground - until the Mississippi system once again could absorb it.

The temporary storage approach, at least theoretically, also would keep local
grain prices from collapsing because of the river backlog.

Nineteen grain handlers - ranging from tiny Western Illinois Grain in
Colchester, Ill., to massive ADM - bid 32 million bushels of grain into the
temporary storage program at a total cost of $7.85 million, or an average 24.5
cents per bushel.

The industry's lions, again, received the lion's share of the money. ADM
pocketed $4.6 million to store 16.4 million bushels; Cargill grabbed $1.3
million on 5.2 million bushels; and the Japanese-owned Consolidated Grain &
Barge, now renamed CGB Enterprises, garnered $826,864 to hold on to 3.65million
bushels.

That's not a bad chunk of change for what most were going to have to do anyway.

Given the millions the Grain Gang got from the short-lived program, did any
aspect of the Katrina-inspired action actually hit its intended target, farmers
who witnessed cash grain prices slump after the hurricane slammed the gulf?

"The theory was right," notes Richard Sauder, general manager of Tremont
Cooperative Grain in Tremont, Ill., "but it mostly put money in the pockets of
big agribusiness." (Tremont Grain received $25,000 in USDA cash to temporarily
store 200,000 bushels of corn under the program.)

"Did it help farmers directly?" Sauder continues. "No. Did it help them
indirectly? Well, it could have."

Then, after a long pause, he adds, "You can get a lot of money in Washington by
just saying, 'This will help farmers.'"

True, yet it's very doubtful the program helped farmers.

It is crystal clear, however, that USDA's quickly implemented
"help-your-local-transnational-grain-company" program fattened their bottom
lines.

Hey, disaster always has been a good business to be in.

Alan Guebert is a freelance agricultural journalist. He can be reached at
agcomm@sbcglobal.net or at 21673 Lago Drive, Delavan, IL 61734.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Urgency needed in aid for farmers

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 366 words


May 5--Time is of the essence for farmers, dairy operators and ranchers who have
loans through New Frontier Bank.

That's why we appreciate Democratic senators Mark Udall and Michael Bennet, as
well as U.S. Rep. Betsy Markey, D-Fort Collins, jumping in last week to seek
help for area farmers affected by the closing of New Frontier.

We just hope it's not too late.

The delegation asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to shift funds from its
guaranteed loan program to its direct operating loan program in the hopes some
area farmers could secure enough funds to continue operating.

Time is running out. New Frontier is scheduled to close Friday, and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp., which has taken over the bank, is working to resolve
loans held by the institution.

Other area banks also are trying to help out, but they don't have the loan
capacity to take all of New Frontier's debtors. It is estimated the closure of
New Frontier will leave $70 million in unmet loans for agriculture operators.

We hope the Department of Agriculture, through its Farm Service Agency, can act
quickly and give some hope to these farmers. This is a critical time. Because
their payoff doesn't come until harvest, most farmers need operating loans each
year to survive. Farmers need money to get their crops in the ground and have
enough to get them through the growing season and into harvest.

We don't have to remind anyone how important agriculture is to this county. As
Markey said, it is the "backbone of the local economy." We don't want to see
farms or other agriculture operations fail because of the closure of New
Frontier.

We urge our senators and representatives to continue their diligence and secure
help for our area agriculture producers quickly.

There simply isn't time to wait.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090505-GY-EDITORIAL-Urgency-needed-in-aid-for-farmers-0505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Aid To Artisans Inc.

                             5225 Wisconsin Ave NW
                                    Ste 104
                             Washington,  DC 20015
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 860-756-5550
URL: http://www.aidtoartisans.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/AidtoArtisansMexico
http://www.facebook.com/newventuresmexico
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Aid-to-Artisans/7598227931
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lupane-women-centre/603439026361210
http://www.facebook.com/YoyamayEthnographicTextilesGallery
http://www.youtube.com/aidtoartisans
http://www.youtube.com/user/AidToArtisans
https://twitter.com/AidtoArtisans
https://twitter.com/denissekuri

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 8016690

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Aid To Artisans Inc. is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on Channels,
Bridging, Packaging, Spinning, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked
by NetWise Data. Aid To Artisans Inc. does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Architecture Industries, as well as 23 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Aid To Artisans Inc. has at least 3 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Public Relations Agencies

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54182000
SIC CODES:
87430000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Channels


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Bridging
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Copper
     ·    Hardwood
     ·    Indium
     ·    Iron
     ·    Limestone
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Organic
     ·    Paint Colors
     ·    Silver
     ·    Soapstone


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Lathes
     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Apparel, Backgrounds, Banking, Beads, Bed Sheets, Beds,
Blouses, Botanicals, Bowls, Bracelets, Bridging, Brochures, Brushes,
Calculators, Canvas, Carvers, Carvings, Cement, Ceramics, Chairs, Channels,
Chemicals, Chisels, Clear Coatings, Cloth, Clothing, Columbium, Communication
Links, Containers, Copper, Cosmetic Bags, Cosmetics, Cotton, Cotton Cloth,
Custom Furniture, Desk Accessories, Desks, Digital Cameras, Dresses, Elements,
Embroiderers, Felt, Fiber, Flats, Floor Mats, Forgings, Furniture, Games,
Generators, Glue, Guides, Hammocks, Hand Saws, Hardwood, Hats, Herbs, Horns,
Indium, Iron, Iron Sheets, Jacks, Jewelry, Kilns, Lace, Lathes, Leather,
Lighting, Lights, Limestone, Linkages, Looms, Machinery, Measures, Measuring
Tapes, Mechanisms, Metal Working, Mobile Clinics, Monitoring Systems, Nickel,
Organic, Overalls, Packaging, Paint Colors, Palettes, Panels, Pearls, Pet
Accessories, Pictures, Pillows, Platforms, Polish, Posts, Pottery, Printers,
Profiles, Promotional, Purses, Radios, Registers, Rims, Rounds, Sacks, Sand
Paper, Satellites, Saucers, Scales, Scarves, Scoops, Scopes, Seed, Sewing
Machines, Sheets, Shoes, Silver, Soap, Soapstone, Solutions, Spas, Spinning,
Stationery, Suits, Tables, Tags, Targets, Textiles, Thread, Tote Bags, Towels,
Trade Associations, Training Workshops, Uniforms, Winders, Wooden Furniture,
Wool, Work Tables, Yachts, Yarns, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    February 2, 1991, Saturday, City Edition

EPA moves to save Canyon views

SECTION: NATIONAL; WASHINGTON DIGEST; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 543 words



The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) moved to protect the magnificent views
of the Grand Canyon by proposing on Friday a 70 percent cut in pollution from a
Southwestern power plant that blocks winter visibility. Acting on the last day
of a 1984 court order won by the Environmental Defense Fund, the EPA is
proposing reductions in allowed sulfur dioxide emissions from the northern
Arizona Navajo Generating Station, one of the largest coal-fired electric
utilities in the country. This is the first time a major regulatory action has
been proposed to improve visibility, the EPA said. Winter haze is significant
because of increasing wintertime visitors to the park almost 900,000 in 1989,
about 21 percent of the total annual visitors.
 ROTC programs to close or combine
 The Navy said Friday it plans to close Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC)
programs at five universities and combine 16 others into eight "consortia." The
five programs to be closed in 1996 are at Texas Tech University, the University
of Minnesota, the University of Missouri, the University of New Mexico and the
University of Utah. No new ROTC students will be enrolled in programs at those
schools after Sept. 30. The Navy said that in the budget year that begins next
Oct. 1 it will establish eight "geographic consortia" for ROTC students who
currently are enrolled in ROTC programs at 16 sites. For example, ROTC students
at University of California-Los Angeles and the University of Southern
California will be placed in a combined program. The Navy said the ROTC
reductions reflect a budget squeeze, plans for a smaller Navy and Marine Corps
and a need to reduce the number of new officers commissioned each year.  It said
the reductions will save the Navy $ 18.5-million a year.
 Imported French wines ruled safe
 Federal regulators said Friday that a fungicide widely used on grapes in Europe
was safe when consumed in very small amounts, ending a year-old dispute over
French wine exports to the United States. The Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) said in a statement that it had concluded that procymidone, made by
Japan-based Sumitomo Chemical Co. Ltd., was safe when found on wine grapes grown
before Jan. 1, 1990, at levels of seven parts per million or less. "The EPA
action clears the way for uninterrupted importation of wines from a number of
countries including France, Italy and Spain," Sumitomo said in a statement
issued by its U.S.  arm, Sumitomo Chemical America Inc. The United States banned
imports of French wines for nine months last year after traces of the chemical
which is not used in the United States turned up in several wines.
 Briefly
 New Zealand would be able to ship avocados to the United States under a
proposal announced Friday by the Agriculture Department.  "We have determined
that New Zealand is free from high-risk pests, such as fruit flies and weevils,
that attack avocados," said James W.  Glosser, head of the department's Animal
and Plant Health Inspection Service.
 Cotton farmers soon will get about $ 185-million in payments for participating
in the 1990 program for upland cotton, the Agriculture Department said Friday.
Rice farmers will receive about $ 580-million from a similar plan.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             American Cpr Training

                                565 Westlake St
                              Encinitas,  CA 92024
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 760-944-1048
URL: http://www.expresscompaniesinc.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 36797022

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Large (1001-5000 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
American Cpr Training is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Landscaping, Packaging, and 7
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. American Cpr
Training does business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical
Industries, as well as 22 other major Manufacturing Industries. American Cpr
Training has at least 2 business locations. The company describes itself via
it's website thusly: "Express Companies, Inc. The Enthusiasm, Energy, &
Commitment of our Team Members Define our Company The road to becoming the
America's Favorite CPR, First Aid & Safety Company began in 1993 when American
CPR Training opened offering CPR & Safety Training at half the Time, half the
Price and Twice the Fun! The same vision and passion that began then is evident
in our over 1000 Instructors throughout the World, 70 Safety Related Websites,
Retail Locations, Training Centers, and our new Distribution Center and
Corporate Hub. Express Companies, Inc. provides services as simple and
inexpensive as one time CPR or First Aid training, and First Aid Product sales,
to ongoing Environmental Health and Safety program development and management.
We are the consumer portal for all First Aid Only, as well as other brand,
safety products. We are the #1 Distributor of First Aid Only Products,
representing the Industrial, Web and Other Sales Channels, as well as operating
SubDistributor & Affiliate Pro"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; All Other Business Support
Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
56149900
SIC CODES:
73890000
CAGE CODES:
02UX7
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Rentals
     ·    Woodworking


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Colloids
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Composites
     ·    Copper
     ·    Iron


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Arrows, Bells, Boats, Brochures, Cabling Systems, Capsules,
Cement, Chemicals, Coffees, Colloids, Columbium, Compasses, Composites, Copper,
Cornerstones, Discuses, Drywall, Felt, Fences, First Aid, First Aid Cabinets,
First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Footballs, Furniture, Gears, Guards, Gypsum,
Iron, Jacks, Landscaping, Lights, Medical Devices, Packaging, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Power Systems, Railroads, Rebar, Registers, Rentals, Roofing,
Safety Books, Safety Equipment, Safety Products, Simulators, Solutions, Spas,
Tires, Towers, Truck Bodies, Vehicle Parts, Woodworking

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    February 28, 2002 Thursday Metro Edition

More to qualify for food stamps

BYLINE: By JOSEPH DITS; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 626 words


On Friday, more people in Indiana will qualify for food stamps.

The state is changing one of the rules. Owning a car worth more than $4,500
won't count against applicants anymore.

"This should have been changed years ago," said Charlotte Barrier, placing extra
emphasis on "years." She works with clients seeking poverty relief at the
Portage Township trustee's office in South Bend.

"This will particularly help families who've exhausted their savings but still
need to get to work," said John Hamilton, secretary of the state's Family and
Social Services Administration, who came to Elkhart to make the announcement.

He said the state knows of more than 600 households that were denied food stamps
because of the vehicle rule last year.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture finances the food stamp program and sets the
programs' restrictions. But, within the past year, the USDA allowed states to
change the vehicle rule.

Indiana officials seized the opportunity. Not only are they helping needy people
in tough economic times, but giving out more food stamps doesn't require a dime
of state money. Indiana Gov. Frank O'Bannon recently ordered a freeze on hiring
and wages for state employees and trimmed other programs for the elderly and
disabled.

The number of food stamp recipients in Indiana increased 20 percent in the past
year, Hamilton said. Most of the recipients are children. Hoosiers received
$32.7 million of the aid in December alone, said Cindy Collier, the FSSA's
policy director.

To qualify, a food stamp applicant must have no more than $2,000 in savings.
Until today, a car is permissible if it's used for household duties such as
going to work or going shopping -- not recreational vehicles. But, every dollar
of the vehicle's value that exceeds $4,500 is counted as assets against the
$2,000 limit.

So, an applicant whose car is worth more than $6,500 could not qualify.

Nor could a family that owns two cars, each worth $6,000. The excessive value of
each car would add up to $3,000 in assets.

Now welfare workers won't be concerned with the vehicles, unless, Hamilton said,
a family owns six cars, raising questions that the family is spending beyond its
means.

Applicants will still need to meet income requirements. For example, the income
for a family of four cannot exceed about $18,000, Hamilton said.

"The old rule was probably outdated," said Charles Smith, director of St. Joseph
County's welfare office.

Even in homes where both parents work, the adults need their cars to keep their
entry-level jobs, he said.

What happens to someone who's denied food stamps?

"They end up here more often," said Vonda Horst of Church Community Services in
Elkhart, where she counsels needy clients in finding help. She has seen several
clients disqualified from food stamps because of the vehicle rule.

Single men may have been the most vulnerable under the old rule, at least in the
eyes of Linda Jung-Zimmerman, director of the Advocacy Center in South Bend and
Mishawaka, two offices of the United Religious Community that connect the needy
with help.

Long-term help for the men is limited, while mothers and children can turn to a
variety of welfare aid for families, she said.

The change raised questions in the mind of Nyla Moore, the trustee for Elkhart's
Concord Township, who offers aid for the needy.

Maybe people will benefit in the long term. But, she asked, if more people apply
for food stamps, will this overload welfare caseworkers and create delays? She's
particularly concerned about O'Bannon's hiring freeze on welfare employees.

Smith said he has five vacancies that he can't fill in a staff of 200. He has
yet to hear about any other potential cuts.


LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Hamilton, secretary of Indiana's Family and Social Services
Administration, describes changes in food stamp rules in a talk Wednesday to the
Elkhart Chamber of Commerce. Starting Friday, owning a car worth more than
$4,500 no longer will count against applicants.  Tribune Photo/GENE KAISER

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 30, 2005, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

French rally around farmers at WTO talks

BYLINE: Noelle Knox

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 1153 words

DATELINE: MONTALET-LE-BOIS, France

MONTALET-LE-BOIS, France -- In the late afternoon November sun, Philippe
Durand's small fields of young wheat are the picture of French country living.
There's only one problem with this picture. Durand's 500-acre farm wouldn't
survive without government subsidies and trade barriers.

"I'd be finished," said Durand, 39, who works alone, growing wheat, rapeseed
(the source of canola oil) and sugar beets on his farm about 35 miles west of
Paris.


And it's not just a problem for him. In fact, the international dispute over
farm subsidies and market access could shatter any hopes of reaching a global
trade agreement when the World Trade Organization meets in Hong Kong on Dec.
13-18.

This round of trade negotiations is turning out to be a showdown between the
United States, which is the world's largest agricultural producer, and France,
which is No.2 and the voice for European farmers. And there is a parallel battle
between rich countries and such emerging nations as Brazil, India and China. All
sides have put offers on the table that the others claim are not enough.

"We can't give everything without getting anything in return," says Christian
Ligeard, head of international relations for the French Ministry of Agriculture.
"We've said clearly to the (European trade) negotiator, if the package is only
agriculture, we will say, 'No.'"

For American farmers, who receive $23 billion in direct farm subsidies plus
indirect support, the pain will depend on how deep U.S. negotiators agree to
cut. But, in exchange, there could be deals for international services, such as
banking and insurance, as well as for manufacturing sectors such as computers
and cars.

Also at risk is the WTO's reputation, damaged after trade negotiations in Mexico
collapsed in 2003 following a failed trade summit in Seattle in 1999.

Ironically, many French farmers today criticize the subsidies, claiming they
make farmers less efficient by growing crops based on the financial assistance
they will receive, instead of rotating crops to help replenish the soil, Durand
says.

"It's the subsidy that determines whether a certain crop is worth growing or
not," he says.

On farms north of the Loire Valley, he says by way of an example, you almost
never see sunflowers anymore. That's because farmers are paid the same subsidy
for sunflowers and rapeseed, and sunflowers need more sun and attract more
hungry birds.

"The subsidy is set arbitrarily by (EU lawmakers in) Brussels, without
consideration to regional traditions. Because of that, the face of agriculture
in France has changed. Because of that, the sunflower is scratched from the
list, just like that," he says, flicking his hand.

Durand admits he also cultivates his land to maximize his revenue (he earns
$35,000 a year) and take advantage of subsidies. Because farmers are paid based
on what they produce, they produced gluts of butter and milk. In January, the
system will change and farmers will be paid a subsidy based on an average of
what they produced the last three years.

"It's absurd," Durand says. "In the fourth year, (the farmer) can work less and
take less and less responsibility. He will be paid off historical amounts, not
how he's working now."

Free trade ideas challenged

But free trade is getting a bad name in France, where unemployment is almost 10%
and double that in immigrant quarters (where rioters recently torched cars and
schools). Labor unions are being forced to give concessions in order to stop
companies from moving factories to Eastern and Central Europe, where wages and
benefits are lower.

In May, France voted against a constitution for the European Union, a political
and economic alliance of 25 countries, partly out of fear of competition from
cheaper labor in Eastern and Central Europe.

"If you work in a factory making textiles, you have to find another job, but
what job?" Ligeard explains. "They voted against the referendum because of a
concern that we're playing with the rest of the world but not by the same rules
so we're not going to gain. We're playing at a considerable handicap."

French President Jacques Chirac, whose approval ratings have skidded to 35%,
according to a survey by IFOP published this month in Le Journal du Dimanche, is
under severe pressure to protect French farmers, who, despite representing only
2.5% of the workforce, wield a lot of political power.

France, which will be represented in Hong Kong by the European Union, has agreed
to an EU proposal to eliminate subsidies for agricultural exports -- which
account for 8% of the EU's agricultural aid budget of $53 billion. Last week,
the Europeans also agreed to cut sugar subsidies by 36% over four years.
European governments pay their farmers three times the price of sugar on the
world market.

Now, France wants the U.S. to abolish its food-aid program for poor countries,
claiming it subsidizes farmers, and instead give cash aid so poor countries can
buy what food they need wherever they want.

"If you want us to eliminate our export subsidies, we want you to eliminate your
food-aid program and give aid in cash," Ligeard says.

In response, Neena Moorjani, spokeswoman for the U.S. Trade Representative,
said, "The U.S. has put forward proposals to put additional disciplines around
food aid that will prevent commercial displacement. We are concerned with
proposals by the EU that would allow food aid on a cash-only basis."

Moorjani said, "Research shows that when countries move to cash-only policies,
the amount of food aid they give declines."

The French also are demanding that developing countries, such as Brazil, India
and China, open their markets to French cars and other manufactured products, as
well as to banks and other service companies.

But developing countries, which are the majority of the WTO's 148 members, have
dug their trenches.

"They're saying to big countries, 'If you're serious about opening global
markets so we can benefit from international trade, you have to open your
markets to our food products. You promised us you would in (trade negotiations
from 1986 to 1994) Uruguay, and you didn't,'" says John Audley, a trade expert
at the German Marshall Fund, a trans-Atlantic think tank.

Many Europeans, however, remember the days after World War II, when people
starved because there wasn't enough food. That crisis was the genesis of
Europe's agricultural policies, which were designed to create and support a
self-sufficient food supply.

At Durand's farmhouse -- 6,100 miles from Hong Kong -- he knows French subsidies
are on the bargaining table. He knows Europe's agricultural policies will
change, if not in this trade round, in another.

"I already made my own revolution," he says. "I must be an opportunist in the
face of the system. If the system is absurd, I must be absurd."






LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (MAP); GRAPHIC, B/W, Bob Laird, USA TODAY,
Source: World Trade Organization (BAR GRAPH); PHOTO, B/W, Noelle Knox, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 7, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

FOREIGN AID

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 229 words


Senators bluntly warned the Bush administration Wednesday that its aid package
for the former Soviet republics is in danger because it can be seen as a foreign
aid blank check. During a joint Agriculture Committee/Appropriations foreign aid
panel hearing, Sen. Robert Kasten, R- Wis., pointed out vague language in the
bill calling for ''such sums as may be necessary'' for various aid programs.
Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., said President Bush's package lacks ''theme, theory
or consistency.'' The aid bill includes new grain credits and agricultural and
economic technical assistance.

BANK RECORDS: Rep. Henry Gonzalez, D-Texas, was rejected when he made an
emergency request to Chief Justice William Rehnquist to temporarily halt special
counsel Malcolm Wilkey's review of records from the now-closed House bank
pending further court action. He said giving the records to Wilkey threatens
Congress' independence. House officials have complied with a Justice Department
subpoena and turned over the records to Wilkey.

REP. JAMES QUITS: Rep. Craig James, R-Fla., said he would not run for re-
election this November because he did not want his reputation tarnished by
congressional scandals. He raises the number of House members not returning to
Congress to 61. Forty-two are retiring, 13 are running for senator or governor
and six lost in party primaries.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Capital Line

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Alamance Co. catches up on food aid applications

BYLINE: By Chris Lavender, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


Feb. 11--The Alamance County Department of Social Services successfully cleared
its backlogged food nutrition service applications before the Monday federal
deadline.

County DSS Economics Support Program Manager Michelle Poole said 246 backlogged
food nutrition service applications had been processed by Friday before the Feb.
10 deadline

As of Feb. 3, county DSS had 30 backlogged applications that needed processing,
narrowing the number to six applications that needed processing Friday.

Alamance County DSS wasn't the only social services department that was required
to meet the deadline of Feb.10 that the U.S. Department of Agriculture set last
month. Social services agencies in 24 counties, including Durham, Orange, Wake,
Mecklenburg, Guilford, Forsyth and Cumberland, faced it as well.

Eleven regional processing centers were established statewide last week for
social services staff with assistance from NC FAST -- N.C. Families Accessing
Services through Technology -- "over-the-shoulder" staff support to process
backlogged applications.

Alamance County DSS staff began processing backlogged applications Feb. 4 at a
regional processing center in Orange County. Social services departments from
Durham and Orange counties were present at the same regional center with
Alamance County DSS. The social service departments joined together to complete
the process.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture had threatened to cut federal funding
provided to the counties through the Food and Nutrition Service Program if the
deadline of Feb. 10 was not met to clear the backlogged applications.

___ (c)2014 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140211-BT-Alamance-Co-catches-up-on-food-aid
-applications-0211-20140211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2014 Times-News


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           August 29, 2007 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Food brief

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: D; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 97 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


CHIPOTLE PROCEEDS TO BENEFIT FARM AID

As part of its ongoing commitment to helping family farms, Chipotle Mexican
Grill today will donate proceeds from sales of items made with naturally raised
pork, beef and chicken to Farm Aid, a nonprofit organization that supports and
promotes family farming and sustainable agriculture.

Chipotle will contribute up to $50,000 to Farm Aid.

Chipotle's naturally raised meat includes 100 percent of its pork, more than 70
percent of its chicken, and nearly half of its beef.

Chipotle has two Lincoln locations: 2801 Pine Lake Road and 232 N. 13th St.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 5, 1980, Saturday, Final Edition

U.S. Acts to Halt the Sale of Cattle Fattened With the Aid of Banned DES

BYLINE: By Joanne Omang, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 559 words


The government moved yesterday to halt the sale of more than 70,000 cattle known
to have been implanted illegally with the banned growth stimulant DES, which
causes cancer in laboratory animals.

As many as 200,000 steers, or about two-days' normal slaughter, may be affected
in five states, primarily in Kansas and the Texas Panhandle, according to a
joint statement from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug
Administration.

Some cattle illegally fattened with the aid of DES "unquestionably" already have
been sold, slaughtered and consumed, according to Tom Grumbly of USDA's Food,
Safety and Quality Service.  However, he said, the meat is "no worse than any
that was on the market prior to the ban," which went into effect last Nov. 1.

DES, or diethylstilbestrol, is a synthetic estrogen that was prescribed a
generation ago to control human pregnancy disorders.  however, some daughters of
the treated women developedvaginal or cervical cancer and some sons suffered
genital abnormalities.  Laboratory animals developed cancer when fed DES, which
has been used nationwide since 1954 to speed cattle fatteniing.

Livestock and feed industries and DES suppliers fought proposed bans for seven
years and have challenged the most recent one in court.  "An investigation by
FDA over the past two weeks has revealed widespread disregard for the ban," the
two agency heads said in the joint statement.

"These violations simply are not acceptable.  A drug associated with a long-term
health hazard has been deliberately introduced into the food system in violation
of the law."

Grumbly said two officials of Allied Mills Inc., a Chicago-based subsidiary of
Continental Grain Co., voluntarily disclosed to the FDA last March 14 that DES
was being used at two Allied feedlots in Kansas.

FDA investigators found that the DES pellets, which are implanted behind
animals' ears, has been distributed by Walco International Inc., of Porterville,
Calif., and Schmidt-allen of Greeley, Colo., after the July 13 cutoff date for
sales.  The two firms are voluntarily recalling any existing stocks, the
agencies said.

The pellets were then implanted in steers after the Nov. 1 deadline in 30
feedlots, the statement said.  Fifteen of those were in Kansas, eight in Texas,
four in Colorado, two in California and one in Nebraska.  In letters sent out
yesterday, the feedlot owners were ordered to remove all the implants and hold
the cattle until the DES has been eliminated from their systems.

That means the affected animals will be held for at least 35 days, 63 days if
the kidneys or livers are to be used for human food.

The National Cattlemen's Association immediately protested that the time
requirement was "impractical and will needlessly delay the marketing of cattle."

While noting that the organization "does not condone in any way the use of any
product which has been ruled illegal," spokesman Roger Berglund said a delay of
120 days after the pellet implantation had been the norm before the ban and
ought to be used now.

That period, he said, was sufficient previously to guarantee elimination of DES.
"There never have been any DES residues in edible tissue as a result of
commercial use of DES implants," he said.  "There is no cause for concern about
the wholesomeness and safety of beef."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             January 7, 1996 Sunday

LENGTH: 221 words


DICKINSON -- Dickinson State University is offering a customized agronomy
application training class to meet the needs of agriculture businesses in
southwest North Dakota. Funded in part by a Work Force 2000 grant, the 16-week
course covers classroom training in first aid, transportation forms, records and
laws, interpersonal relationships and commercial applicator license training.
The course also includes the DSU driving course and on-the-job training. The
course is in response to industry needs and was spurred by the Southwest Farmers
Union Oil Company Managers Association. ""Ag-related businesses in the state are
finding it nearly impossible to locate trained employees to meet their
increasing employment needs,'' said Connie Kooren, general manager of the
Dickinson Cenex Land of Lakes Cooperative. ""More and more services are being
demanded by ... both large and small farmers.'' Kooren also said agri-business
employees are now required to hold several different certifications for
transporting and applying new chemicals. After completing the course, students
will have earned certifications in truck driving, chemical application, first
aid and CPR, plus their class A drivers license. To enroll, call DSU at
227-2175. For information, call DSU's department of agriculture and technical
studies at 227-2185.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                  e Learn Aid

                                13828 SW 56th St
                                Miami,  FL 33175
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 818-557-7379
URL: http://www.elearnaid.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9273684

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
e Learn Aid is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Memory Chips,
Battery Packs, Battery Cans, Packaging, and 4 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. e Learn Aid does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 31 other major Manufacturing
Industries. e Learn Aid has at least 5 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Book Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
61169100
SIC CODES:
82990202
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Memory Chips


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Battery Packs
     ·    Battery Cans
     ·    Battery Packs


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Cetyl Alcohol
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Citric Acid
     ·    Coal
     ·    Dispersions
     ·    Dyestuffs
     ·    Fatty Acid
     ·    Gold
     ·    Heavy Metals
     ·    Indium
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Potassium Iodide
     ·    Potassium Sorbate
     ·    Rubbing Alcohol
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stearyl Alcohol


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Drill Presses


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acid, Activators, Activity Books, Additives, Air Filter
Housings, Air Filters, Alcohol, Aprons, Arrows, Automobiles, Backgrounds, Bands,
Battery Cables, Battery Cans, Battery Disconnect Switches, Battery Packs,
Battery Terminals, Battery Vents, Beds, Bells, Bicycles, Bindings, Bladders,
Blenders, Blisters, Bombs, Bowls, Brakes, Briefs, Bronze, Brushes, Building
Blocks, Bullets, Bus Bars, Buses, Buttons, Cable Clamps, Calendars, Can Handles,
Capes, Catalysts, CD-I, CD-ROM Drives, Cetyl Alcohol, Chaff, Chemicals, Chests,
Citric Acid, Cloth, Coal, Computer Systems, Containers, Cosmetics, Cotton,
Cotton Fabrics, Cranks, Debit Cards, Desks, Dials, Disconnect Switches, Dishes,
Disk Drives, Disks, Dispersions, Display Boxes, Domes, Drill Bits, Drill
Presses, Duck, DVD Drives, DVD-ROM Drives, Dyestuffs, Educational Toys,
Electricity, Electrodes, Electronic Controls, Engine Controls, Engine Oils,
Exhaust Manifolds, Extenders, Fatty Acid, Feeds, Feet, Felt, Fiber, Fiber
Optics, Filters, Fire Walls, Flags, Flats, Folders, Forming, Fuel Injectors,
Games, Gaskets, Generators, Glands, Gold, Grasses, Guides, Gum, Hammocks, Hard
Disk Drives, Hard Disks, Hats, Heavy Metals, Hoods, Hot Tubs, Ignition Coils,
Ignition Systems, Indium, Injectors, Insulation, Jacks, Jars, Jeans, Jerseys,
Juicers, Keyboards, Knife Switches, Lead Plate, Leather, Lifts, Lighters,
Lights, Manifolds, Measures, Memory Chips, Message Boards, Microphones,
Microscopes, Motor Generators, Mounting Brackets, Mountings, Nets, Nickel,
O-Rings, Oil Additives, Organs, Ovens, Overalls, Oxygen, Oxygen Sensors,
Packaging, Padding, Panels, Pants, Patches, Penetrating Oils, Pianos, Pictures,
Pills, Plastic Boxes, Plastic Covers, Plastic Panels, Plastics, Platforms,
Polish, Posts, Potassium, Potassium Iodide, Potassium Sorbate, Power Supplies,
Printers, Printing Plates, Prisms, Purses, Rails, Ratchets, Reference Materials,
Registers, Remote Sensors, Rifles, Rounds, Rubbing Alcohol, Salt, Satellites,
Sauces, Scales, Seats, Security Systems, Seed, Sheets, Shingles, Silver,
Sockets, Solutions, Spark Plug Sockets, Spark Plugs, Speakers, Speed Bumps,
Spheres, Sprays, Springs, Stamps, Stearyl Alcohol, Store Displays, Suits,
Suspensions, Synthetic Oils, Table Tops, Tables, Targets, Telescopes, Textbooks,
Thread, Tires, Transmissions, Trim, Tube Connections, Tubs, Vans, Vats, Wipers,
Wire, Worms, Writing Paper, X-Ray, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 18, 2011 Friday

EDITORIAL: Floods and drought at the same time?

BYLINE: York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 429 words


Nov. 18--We must be nearing the end times here in Pennsylvania -- Penn State sex
scandals, heat waves, droughts, floods, all manner of Armageddonish things.

What's next -- a plague of locusts?

Oh right -- forgot about the national media swarming State College.

But seriously, you know things are bad when our area gets federal disaster
assistance for both flooding and drought.

Literally.

Tuesday's newspaper had stories about both.

--On page 2A, a wire piece noted that government aid to victims of Pennsylvania
summer flooding had totaled $187 million as of Monday.

Some 90,000 households registered for help and disaster assistance grants for
flooding associated with Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee in late August
and September, respectively.

Thank goodness for the aid to local people who suffered devastating losses from
flooding.

The deadline to apply for aid is Dec. 14.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is also offering farmers assistance for crops
lost to late-summer flooding.

--On page 6B there was a brief story at the bottom of the Money & More page
noting that the USDA had declared York County a disaster area.

Flooding wiped out crops?

No -- drought.

The department said it was offering financial assistance to area farmers because
of "drought and excessive heat that occurred June 1-Aug. 30, 2011."

Heat? Yes. There were some pretty hot stretches this summer.

But drought?

Well, that's puzzling.

Even before the late-summer deluges, area rainfall numbers seemed OK.

At the York Airport, June was indeed below normal rainfall by 4.17 inches.

But both July and August were above normal at the airport -- July by 1.72 inches
and August by 2.49 inches.

Maybe not an ideal summer for agriculture, but not numbers that would seem to
indicate a disaster either.

This will almost certainly end up being among the wettest years on record
locally, and the Agriculture Department is offering drought relief to farmers --
as well as flooding relief?

Weird.

Oh well, some farmers could no doubt use the low-interest loans and such. They
are an important part of our local economy, and we would not deny them
assistance to stay economically viable.

Conservative taxpayers might have a different take on the situation, though.

Yes, it sure has been a strange weather year (Oct-snow-ber!). And climate
scientists say we can expect more of the same as global warming makes for wilder
weather patterns.

All we ask is, please, please, no snowmaggedons this winter!

___ (c)2011 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111118-YO-EDITORIAL-Floods-and-drought-at-the-same-time-1118-20111118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2011 York Daily Record


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                           February 7, 2007 Wednesday

Solano begins process for disaster area status

BYLINE: By Erin Pursell, The Reporter staff, Vacaville

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 364 words


The Governor's Office of Emergency Services has requested that Solano County be
added to the list of 18 counties statewide that were declared disaster areas
after last month's cold snap.

The designation is needed in the wake of the freezing temperatures that extended
from Jan. 6 to Jan. 19 and left more than $45,000 - a preliminary estimate - in
damage to crops, according to Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in a letter to the
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture.

"Though the full effect of the freezing temperatures may not be realized until a
later time, current estimates are reflecting a 90 percent loss to orange and
lemon crops," the letter reads.

Those figures result from a countywide survey of citrus growers that
demonstrated that that county meets federal standards requiring that 30 percent
of a crop must be lost to receive disaster status, according to Solano County
Agricultural Commissioner Jerry Howard, who described the freeze as dramatic and
devastating.

"Citrus is a small commercial crop in Solano County, but those growers who had
invested in it did have significant losses," he said. "Citrus is the crop that
qualifies us for the agricultural disaster but because of that others could
qualify for aid as well."

Receiving the disaster designation is a multi-agency, multi-step process - with
an unclear timeline - but once it is finalized, local farmers likely will have
an eight-month window to apply for aid, he explained.

"At this stage of the game it's as positive a step as we could hope for after a
disaster," Howard said regarding the process.

Robert Hansen, manager of Suisun Valley Fruit Growers, a local nonprofit
agriculture cooperative, is among local farmers who have commended the county's
effort to garner federal aid.

"In the Dixon and Winters areas the citrus got wiped out," he said, and noted
that the disaster designation will help as farmers continue to thaw their
businesses.

"The disaster relief only pays a portion of the cost of maintaining a tree," he
said regarding federal aid. "But it sure helps."

For more information including resources related to the 2007 freeze recovery,
visit www.oes.ca.gov.

Erin Pursell can be reached at county@thereporter.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 6, 2012 Tuesday

State agency will provide one-time funding aid for vet diagnostic lab at UNH

BYLINE: Andrea Bulfinch, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


March 06--DURHAM-- A one-time funding source will help to maintain the New
Hampshire Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory open for the next year and a half at
the University of New Hampshire campus.

After a reduction in funding for the laboratory was made for this year and next
following cuts to both the university and the state agriculture department, the
facility was at risk of being shut down, closing its programs and laying off its
instructors. A contribution from the state Department of Agriculture, Markets &
Food will now cover the anticipated shortfall for fiscal year 2013.

"It's something we've been working toward for several months," Lorraine Merril,
commissioner of agriculture markets and food, said. The the diagnostic
laboratory is a joint operation between the state Department of Agriculture
Markets and Food, the public, and the university, she said

She described the diagnostic lab as being hit by a perfect storm of
circumstances consisting of cuts to the budget for the department of agriculture
, the recession having affected the fees normally received for services of the
laboratory sought by veterinary and livestock communities, and the 48 percent
overall cut in funding to the university, she said.

"It just made a lot of reductions to the point of being pretty dire," Merril
said.

While students shared a lot of concern over the possibility of the laboratory
being shut down, its effects would have reached beyond campus, Merril explained,
saying it plays a crucial role to public health in addition to animals and the
students education. The laboratory is where animals can be tested for rabies,
EEE or West Nile virus, she said.

But the outpouring from students and parents was immense. Through phone calls
and emails she said they were very concerned about the possibility of the
laboratory being closed and really appreciative of the benefits they get from
being able to work in the facility and do research projects. She said students
also receive advising and some teaching from the veterinary pathologists who
staff the lab.

Merril said the funding should get the program through fiscal year 2013. Beyond
that, ways of increasing revenue and having state funding renewed are being
looked at for a more stable financial model.

In a statement from the university, the goal is for the lab to be able to
produce a balanced budget through steps to include an improved business model,
an increase in external funding through increased fees, expanded services and
private giving, and a continuation of the funding partnership from the state and
the UNH College of Life Sciences and Agriculture.

In the same statement, dean of the College of Life Sciences and Agriculture Jon
Wraith, said the response heard from students is what made those involved
determined to bridge the gap. He said with the commissioners office and the
laboratory staff, they've been able to identify and develop a good start on new
revenue streams.

As for this one-time contribution, Merril said it will help to bridge the gap
between then and now.

"We just knew we needed to find a way to make it work," she said.

___ (c)2012 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120306-1FD-State-agency-will-provide-one-time-funding-aid
-for-vet-diagnostic-lab-at-UNH-0306-20120306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2012 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                      United States Compliance Corporation

                              27968 Baker Potts Rd
                              Harlingen,  TX 78552
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 956-412-5683
URL: http://www.uscompliance.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/uscompliance
http://www.linkedin.com/company/124450
https://plus.google.com/117765920338485142695
https://twitter.com/US_Compliance

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 15029491

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, FDA Approved
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
United States Compliance Corporation is a distributor, manufacturer, and
supplier focussed on Elements, First Aid, Packaging, Purchasing Services,
Testing Services, and 5 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. United States Compliance Corporation does business in the Agriculture,
Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 11 other major Manufacturing
Industries. United States Compliance Corporation has at least 6 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "OSHA and EPA
Regulations driving you crazy? You've come to the right place for help. At U.S.
Compliance, we help you attain and sustain, environmental, health and safety
compliance."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; All Other Specialty Trade
Contractors

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
23899000
SIC CODES:
17999935
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Elements


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Purchasing Services
     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Defense
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Carbon
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Ozone


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Calendars, Carbon, Chemicals, Containers, Defibrillators,
Effluent, Elements, Emergency Equipment, Environmental Audits, Fall Protection
Equipment, Fire Extinguishers, Fire Sprinklers, First Aid, Gantries, Gantry
Cranes, Greenhouses, Hats, Hazardous Materials, Hoists, Lockouts, Molds,
Overalls, Ozone, Packaging, Purchasing Services, Reference Materials, Registers,
Respirators, Scopes, Sheets, Solutions, Sprinklers, Suits, Tables, Testing
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      August 5, 1988, Friday, City Edition

Newly developed processor makes rice bran fit for humans

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: TORRANCE, Calif.; MINNEAPOLIS; ATLANTA



TORRANCE, Calif. - Rice bran, long consigned to feed for cattle and   pigs, can
now be rendered economically fit for human consumption   because of a new
technology developed by a company here. Brady   International, developer of the
technology, announced shipment to two   California mills Wednesday of its
rice-bran processor, which resulted   from a government program aimed at making
better use of the world's   present supply of rice. The development could also
improve nutrition in   this fiber-conscious country as well as abroad. Brady
developed the   processor in conjunction with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The   machines, which stabilize rancid-prone rice bran, are
produced under   contract by ASI Controls in Houston. Robin M. Saunders,
research leader   of the food quality research unit of USDA's Western Regional
Research   Center in Albany, Calif., said stabilizing rice bran has been a
high-priority research project for at least 25 years.

    Surgeon steps aside after story     MINNEAPOLIS - The University of
Minnesota's chief heart-lung surgeon   is temporarily stepping aside from two
positions amid a report that has   led a newspaper to acknowledge a "serious
lapse of journalistic   judgment," officials said Wednesday. The Star Tribune,
in a copyright   story Tuesday, reported that Dr. Stuart Jamieson was being
investigated   by the university for allegedly ordering an associate to perform
bypass   surgery on a patient considered dead before the operation began. But in

   a front-page statement in Thursday editions, Star Tribune executive   editor
Joel Kramer said the account of the operation should not have   been published
"because it was based on sources who did not have   first-hand information to
support the account. The surgeon who   performed the operation, Dr. Jolene
Kriett, has since denied that Dr.   Jamieson knew anything about the surgery
until several hours after it   was performed," Kramer said. "The Star Tribune's
efforts to reach Dr.   Kriett before publication of the first story were
unsuccessful, and Dr.   Jamieson had refused to comment."

    AIDS in military: 1 in 1,000    ATLANTA - The largest testing program yet in
a specific group of  Americans has found that just more than one in 1,000
active-duty  military personnel have been exposed to the AIDS virus, lower than

 among the general population, officials said Thursday. The U.S. Centers  for
Disease Control said 2,232 of 1,752,191 people on active duty on  April 24 had
tested positive for antibodies to the virus which causes  AIDS, a rate of 1.3
per 1,000. The Defense Department began screening  for AIDS exposure in January
1986. Federal health officials have  estimated that 1.5-million Americans are
infected with the AIDS virus;  that would be roughly five times the rate among
active-duty military   personnel.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                       Hemcon Medical Technologies, Inc.

                              10575 SW Cascade Ave
                                    Ste 130
                              Portland,  OR 97223
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-245-0459
URL: http://www.hemcon.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/portland-business-journal/132808406670
http://www.linkedin.com/company/portland-business-journal
https://plus.google.com/102264207385918630822/posts
https://twitter.com/HemConMedTech
https://twitter.com/pbjrealestate
https://twitter.com/PDXBizJournal

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 10262198

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ISO 13485
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Hemcon Medical Technologies, Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier
focussed on Cellulose, First Aid, Solutions, First Aid Kits, Medical Gauze, and
15 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Hemcon Medical
Technologies, Inc. does business in the Agriculture, Biomedical, and Chemistry
Industries, as well as 21 other major Manufacturing Industries. Hemcon Medical
Technologies, Inc. has at least 3 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Surgical Appliance and
Supplies Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33911300
SIC CODES:
38420000
CAGE CODES:
1UXC2
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Cellulose
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Medical Gauze
     ·    Tourniquets


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Antibiotics
     ·    Channels
     ·    Medical Devices
     ·    Profiles
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Suits
     ·    Surgical Dressings
     ·    Vapor Barriers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Gels
     ·    Indium
     ·    Ores
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Polyvinyl
     ·    Polyvinyl Alcohol
     ·    Rayon


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Chinook Medical Gear


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acid, Aerosols, Alcohol, Antibiotics,
Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Beds, Bells, Blotters, Briefs, Brochures, Buttons,
Capillaries, Catalysts, Catheters, Cellulose, Chairs, Channels, Chests,
Cleansers, Coats, Compounds, Consoles, Consumer Products, Cotton, Derivatives,
Elements, Fiber, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Forming, Games, Gels, Glue, Hats,
Helicopters, Indium, Industrial Scales, Lasers, Lights, Linkages, Measures,
Mechanisms, Medical Device Development, Medical Devices, Medical Gauze,
Ointments, Ores, Overalls, Packaging, Panels, Patches, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Plaster, Plastic Bottles, Plastics, Platforms, Polyester,
Polymers, Polyvinyl, Polyvinyl Alcohol, Posters, Posts, Profiles, Rayon,
Registers, Salt, Scales, Sheets, Solutions, Spinning, Sprays, Suits, Surgical
Dressings, Tags, Targets, Telephones, Thin Films, Tourniquets, Training Videos,
Transitions, Uniforms, Vapor Barriers, Ventilators, Vessels, Wire, X-Ray, Yarns

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 6, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Funds Sought For Farmers Who Need To Rebuild;
Insurance, Current Aid Leave Gaps, Officials Say

BYLINE: a Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. T03

LENGTH: 669 words


Maryland and Charles County officials told area farmers Monday night they would
ask the state legislature and Congress for additional tornado relief to fill in
where insurance and current government aid programs have fallen short.

The officials told a group of about 25 farmers that cash grants and
zero-interest loans may be available for those whose insurance will not cover
heavy losses.

Much of the possible funding will depend on a Maryland Department of Agriculture
effort to determine how much farmers lost and the costs of rebuilding. At least
47 farms were affected by the tornado, and those farmers are being asked to tell
state agriculture officials how much of a gap exists between their insurance
claims and their rebuilding estimates.

"It's going to give us a number that we can talk to people about," said Hagner
R. Mister, the Maryland secretary of agriculture and a former Calvert County
commissioner. "We don't want any farmers left behind."

Since a federal disaster area was declared in Charles, Calvert and Dorchester
counties a month ago, affected area farmers have said they feel left out of the
federal aid packages streaming into the area.

Most assistance available to farmers is in the form of low-interest loans. While
most aid being offered to all categories of property owners is in the form of
loans, taking on new debt can present special problems for farmers.

"I know that loans can get you in more trouble than they get you out of," said
Del. Samuel C. Linton (D-Charles).

To enable a farmer to obtain cash grants that do not have to be repaid, local
officials have looked to the General Assembly and Congress to set aside some
disaster relief.

State Sen. Thomas McLain Middleton (D-Charles) said the legislature's budget
committees would consider calling a special session to fund a relief package. He
said cash grants are a possibility -- especially for the poor, for people who do
not have access to current relief programs and for young farmers, who are rare
and valued.

"The purpose of it is to keep farmers farming," Middleton said.

Middleton also asked farmers if they would be interested in zero-interest loans,
a relief option that may be more feasible. Few farmers raised their hands.

"If you're going to make it zero percent, let's not make it a welfare program
where only the extremely poor can apply," said Bobby Stahl, 40, who lost his
house, several barns and two vehicles when the tornado struck his 10-acre cattle
farm on Oliver's Shop Road. "Let's make it eligible for all of us."

Like many other farmers, Stahl says he has been "flat-out denied" by several
federal agencies he asked for assistance.

The Charles County commissioners have asked Congress to budget $ 17 million in
additional disaster relief in the appropriations bills coming up for hearings
this summer.

"It seems to me that the federal government should be able to step up to the
plate and help our county," said Commissioner Allan R. Smith (R-Waldorf).

Aides to Sen. Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.) and Rep. Steny H. Hoyer (D-Md.), both
of whom sit on appropriations committees, said their offices had not received
the Charles County letter yet. Hoyer has said he is working on obtaining some
extra disaster assistance for Southern Maryland, which is in his district.

But many at the meeting acknowledged that government may not be able to fill all
the gaps. One Charles County farmer told of a $ 1.5 million estimate he received
just for removal of tree stumps. Others talked of hundreds of thousands of
dollars of loss, much of which will not be covered by insurance.

With or without government assistance, most farmers say they will rebuild, if
not everything, then what they can.

Steve Walter, who grows grain, hay and other crops on a 500-acre farm west of
Hughesville, lost 13 barns and several grain bins. He still doesn't know what he
will rebuild.

"Given the situation, who knows?" Walter said. "I don't know how long I've got
to be in the grain business in this county."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

BRIEF: $50,000 in federal funds to aid low-income homeowners in Pembina County

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 133 words


Dec. 04--The Red River Regional Council will receive $50,000 in federal funds to
help 11 low-income homeowners in Pembina County make needed repairs to their
homes.

The funds for the Red River Regional Council are available through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant
Program.

U.S. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, chairwoman of the Senate Agriculture Subcommittee that
oversees rural development, said in a press release issued Wednesday the funds
are "a much-needed investment for some of the least fortunate in our state to
help make sure they have safe homes in which to raise their families."

___ (c)2014 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141204-GF-BRF-50,000-in-federal-funds-to-aid
-low-income-homeowners-in-Pembina-County-1204-20141204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2014 Grand Forks Herald


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 2, 2007 Friday

EDITORIAL: More aid

BYLINE: The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 359 words


Feb. 2--GOV. BILL Ritter has ordered the Colorado Department of Local Affairs to
distribute $635,000 to eight area counties to help them meet expenses resulting
from two major blizzards at the end of December.

Many counties in Southeastern Colorado already have exceeded their snow removal
budgets despite the fact that in December then-Gov. Bill Owens made $2 million
available to the region for snow plowing and other emergency costs. The latest
round of state aid will be distributed to the eight counties thusly:

- Baca, $100,000.

- Bent, $50,000.

- Crowley, $50,000.

- Huerfano, $60,000.

- Kiowa, $50,000.

- Las Animas, $100,000.

- Otero, $100,000.

- Prowers, $125,000.

In addition to state aid, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
low-interest loans to be made available to area farmers and ranchers hardest hit
by the storms, which left up to 15-foot snowdrifts and an estimated 10,000 head
of cattle dead.

Gov. Ritter said he also is working with Colorado's congressional delegation to
find further federal grants and assistance. He met last week with Rep. John
Salazar to talk about financial relief for ranchers and farmers.

The storms and the continued ice-cold weather pose a serious threat to cattle
and the calves now being born. One area rancher, Rod Ricken, says this is the
hardest year he has ever had calving since he began his cow-calf operation in
1965.

The threat is indeed real. Mr. Ricken says if he is not there to help within 30
minutes of a cow giving birth, the calf will die. That's bottom line for those
whose livelihoods are in cattle ranching.

More aid may be needed. Some will be forthcoming when Michael Martin Murphy
gives a benefit concert March 18 at the State Fair Events Center. Keep an eye
out for ticket sales to begin and plan to attend.

Our neighbors in the Arkansas Valley need all the help they can get.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070202-PB-0202-EDITORIAL-More-aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                        Midnight Express Services, Inc.

                                  3838 13th St
                          Long Island City,  NY 11101
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 512-236-5483
URL: http://www.osha.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 15848175

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Midnight Express Services, Inc. is a supplier focussed on First Aid, Lockouts,
OSHA Training, Posters, First Aid Kits, and 12 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Midnight Express Services, Inc. does
business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as
30 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Industrial Launderers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
23899000
SIC CODES:
17999926
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Lockouts
     ·    OSHA Training
     ·    Posters
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Grounding
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Safety Training Programs
     ·    Strategic Planning
     ·    Woodworking


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chromium
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Copper
     ·    Gases
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polystyrene
     ·    PVC
     ·    Silica
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sulfur
     ·    Sulfur Dioxide


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery
     ·    Wheel Machinery
     ·    Woodworking Machinery



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasive Wheels, Abrasives, Aerial Lifts, Air Pollution
Control, Alarm Systems, Alcohol, Antiseptics, Arrows, Backgrounds, Bands,
Barricades, Belts, Binders, Biologicals, Blisters, Boilers, Boom Trucks, Booms,
Brakes, Bridge Cranes, Bucket Trucks, Buses, Buttons, Calendars, Carbon, Carbon
Dioxide, Chemicals, Chromium, Cleaners, Clothing, Columbium, Compounds,
Containers, Contaminants, Cookies, Copper, Cornices, Countermeasures, Cradles,
Credit Cards, Decking, Defibrillators, Derricks, Dust Covers, Electricity,
Elements, Employee Alarms, Erosion Controls, Exit Signs, Explosives, Fall Arrest
Systems, Fall Protection Equipment, Feet, Fire Extinguisher Signs, Fire
Extinguishers, Fire Protection Systems, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
First Aid Supplies, Fixed Ladders, Forklifts, Gas Pumps, Gases, Generators,
Greenhouses, Grounding, Guardrails, Guards, Guides, Hazardous Materials, Hearing
Protection, Hoists, Insulation, Jerseys, Lead Compounds, Lifts, Lighting,
Lockouts, Machine Parts, Machinery, Materials Handling, Measures, Mechanisms,
Mercury, Molds, Monitoring Systems, Mountings, Nets, Nitriles, Nitrogen, No
Smoking Signs, Organs, OSHA Training, Overalls, Oxidizers, Oxygen, Packaging,
Padlocks, Pedestals, Petrochemicals, Pictures, Plastics, Platforms, Pollution
Control, Polyethylene, Polystyrene, Posters, Posts, Power Plants, Printers,
Process Vessels, Profiles, Protective Clothing, Protectors, PVC, PVC Pipe,
Railings, Reference Materials, Registers, Respirators, Restraints, Right-to-Know
Signs, Ring Binders, Rings, Safety Belts, Safety Nets, Safety Products, Safety
Training Programs, Safety Training Videos, Scaffolds, Scales, Scissor Lifts,
Scopes, Seats, Sheets, Shipyards, Showers, Signals, Silica, Silos, Solutions,
Solvents, Spas, Speakers, Sprinklers, Standpipes, Steel, Storage Bins, Strategic
Planning, Suits, Sulfur, Sulfur Dioxide, Suppositories, Tablets, Tags, Targets,
Telephones, Terminations, Test Equipment, Thermometers, Tractors, Training
Videos, Trams, Transitions, Transmissions, Traps, Trusses, Uniforms, Vans,
Vaults, Vessels, Video Cards, Walkways, Waste Containers, Waste Management
Systems, Wastewater Treatment, Wheel Machinery, Wire, Wood Ladders, Woodworking,
Woodworking Machinery

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 22, 2010 Wednesday
                          2 - All-round First Edition

IT'S MORE EXPENSIVE TO IGNORE POVERTY

BYLINE: ARCHIE LAW

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 633 words


Kevin Rudd has a chance to show true leadership to the world

TOMORROW, Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd is representing Australia at a UN summit
in New York to review progress on the Millennium Development Goals for halving
extreme poverty and hunger by 2015.

For the first time since being ousted as prime minister, Rudd will rub shoulders
with the likes of French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela
Merkel. He has already met US President Barack Obama on this visit. The summit
will provide him with an opportunity to demonstrate true leadership to the
world.

Despite being a nation of generous individuals, Australia's record on foreign
aid leaves much to be desired. We languish towards the bottom of the league
table for the amount of foreign aid we provide as a percentage of our gross
national income.

Australia provides just three cents per $100 of income to overseas aid -- or
0.33 per cent of gross national income.

Under Rudd's prime ministership, Australia committed to increase this to 0.5 per
cent, but now the UN is calling on governments to contribute at least 0.7 per
cent of national income to reach the Millennium Development Goals by the target
date of 2015.

Many other developed countries have already reached this target. In fact, some
are contributing more than 1 per cent of national income to aid.

With nearly 4.5 million children dying each year before their fifth birthday,
largely because of malnutrition, the case for increasing our aid program is
obvious.

However, the problem of global poverty and hunger is not just a moral challenge.
For the financially minded, the good news is that addressing the problem is far
cheaper than ignoring it.

For example, let's take a closer look at Millennium Development Goal One, which
aims, among other things, to halve hunger by 2015. According to the UN, to reach
this goal, an extra $40 billion in aid is needed each year to support
agricultural and food security programs that increase self-sufficiency in food
production.

To put that in perspective, a recent ActionAid report found hunger was costing
poor nations more than $450bn annually through reduced worker productivity, poor
health and lost education. That means fighting hunger is now 10 times cheaper
than ignoring it.

It is thus particularly disappointing that the report found Australia was a
laggard in aid to agriculture -- contributing less than one-third of its fair
share.

In fact, underinvestment in agriculture globally over the past decade means 20
of the 28 poor nations measured are off track to halving hunger by 2015; 12 of
these are going backwards.

In sub-saharan Africa, just under a third of the population was chronically
malnourished last year. If trends continue, nearly 50 per cent of Africans could
be going without enough food by 2020.

And it isn't just the poorest, war-torn and disaster-struck countries of the
world that are not doing well. Some of the world's wealthier countries are
shockingly off track.

In India, one of the world's emerging global economic successes, one in five of
the population is hungry and close to half of all children are malnourished.

It's not all bad news, however. By investing more in local agriculture,
governments can feed their people and regenerate rural economies.

Recent research has pointed to the vital role that agriculture played in China's
initial take-off.

Agriculture was estimated to have contributed to poverty reduction four times
more than growth in the manufacturing or service sectors.

Meanwhile, many other countries have slashed hunger rates by increasing
investment in small-scale farmers -- in particular women farmers.

Safety nets are also important to help small farmers keep planing and harvesting
through tough times.

Archie Law is chief executive of anti-poverty agency Action Aid Australia

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                           April 19, 2006, Wednesday

CANE GROWERS SEEK US AID FOR STORMS

BYLINE: BY SUSAN BUCHANAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 5H, Column 1

LENGTH: 56 words


US sugarcane producers, preparing for the next hurricane season, are looking to
the federal government for assistance after being passed over for Congressional
aid in December 2005; at that time, Gulf Coast sugarcane, rice and other growers
missed out as hurricane aid for agriculture went mainly to Mississippi's timber
industry (M)

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 19, 2007 Friday

Organizers of fund for organic farmers hurt by floods say aid is pouring in

BYLINE: BY TOM WEBB Pioneer Press

SECTION: MINNESOTA-TWIN CITIES; Wisconsin

LENGTH: 277 words


Natural-food lovers have donated $270,000 to help organic farmers in
southeastern Minnesota and western Wisconsin recover from August's floods,
organizers said Friday.

The first $50,000 has just been distributed to 11 farms, with more to come from
the Sew the Seeds Fund. The outpouring surprised the organizers, who credit the
personal connection natural-foods consumers share with area growers, some of
whom faced 17 inches of rain in a single day.

"It's stunning," said Mark Muller of the Institute for Agriculture and Trade
Policy, a Minneapolis policy group. "When we started talking about this in
mid-August, we thought $5,000 or $10,000 would be great to get out to a few
farmers. But the response by consumers, the co-ops, the restaurants, then Whole
Foods jumping on board has just been great."

Customers at Whole Foods Markets in six Midwestern states donated about $40,000,
which was then joined by a $35,000 donation from the company's Midwest region,
spokeswoman Kate Klotz said.

On a smaller scale, "There was a group of kids in the Prospect Park neighborhood
in Minneapolis that had a lemonade stand and raised $40 for the Sew the Seeds
Fund," Muller said.

State and federal disaster aid also will become available to some farms with
major losses, but that funding can take a while.

Due partly to its hilly terrain, the region of southeastern Minnesota, western
Wisconsin and northeastern Iowa has been one of the nation's hotspots for
organic agriculture. The August deluge was particularly hard on organic
vegetable growers, who farm the rich valley floors most susceptible to
floodwaters.

Tom Webb can be reached at twebb@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5428.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 11, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A6, NATION BRIEFS COLUMN

LENGTH: 1006 words



Farmers must wait for $ 2 billion in disaster aid

Farmers counting on $ 2 billion in congressionally approved disaster aid will
have to wait until June to get it, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman says. In a
letter sent Tuesday night to Senate Agriculture Chairman Richard Lugar and House
Agriculture Chairman Larry Combest, Glickman said administering the aid is "far
more complex than past natural disaster assistance programs." And he said the
agency is inundated with aid disbursements during this tumultuous farm year,
including assistance packages of $ 50 million for hog farmers and $ 200 million
for dairy farmers. "Getting these payments out as expeditiously and as fairly as
possible is a top personal priority for me," Glickman wrote. Combest, R-Texas,
responded that the delay was "unacceptable. There are now billions of dollars
that should already be in the hands of farmers and ranchers." Combest said
farmers need the money as they go into the planting season.

U.S.-Italian review of training flights is announced

A soon-to-retire Navy admiral will lead a joint U.S.-Italian review of safety
rules for U.S. military training flights originating from bases in Italy, the
Pentagon announced Wednesday. The 30-day review is designed to prevent the kind
of mistakes that led to the Feb. 3, 1998, accident in which a Marine Corps jet
severed cables holding a ski gondola near Cavalese, Italy, killing 20 people.
The pilot of the EA-6B jet, Marine Capt. Richard Ashby, was acquitted last week
in a military court-martial on 20 counts of involuntary manslaughter and
negligent homicide. The Marines are likely to make a decision by the end of this
week on whether to go ahead with the court-martial of Ashby's navigator on that
flight, Capt. Joseph Schweitzer. He also faces a charge of obstruction of
justice.

Benefits of Cuba embargo are debated at hearing

Defenders of the 4-decade-old U.S. embargo against Cuba said Wednesday it has
helped decimate the once-powerful Cuban military and forced economic reforms
that otherwise would not have been undertaken. Sen. Robert Torricelli, D-N.J.,
said at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing that the weakening of the
Cuban military was one of several "real, lasting and tangible benefits" of the
economic embargo in recent years. But Eloy Gutierrez Menoyo, a Cuban exile who
heads a Miami-based anti-embargo group, testified that 40 years of isolation of
the Cuban regime has brought misery to the Cuban people and served only to
please "discredited" Florida exile groups opposed to President Fidel Castro.
With committee Chairman Jesse Helms, R-N.C., seated a few feet away, Menoyo said
Helms' embargo-tightening legislation of 1996 is "an insult to Cubans, offends
the world" and serves to perpetuate the Castro government.

2 justices defend hiring of women, minority clerks

Two Supreme Court justices Wednesday defended the court's record of hiring women
and minorities as law clerks but added there's room for improvement. "I must
stand in defense of my colleagues," Justice Clarence Thomas, the second black to
serve on the nation's highest court, told a House Appropriations subcommittee.
"I do believe that they would love to see more minorities at the Supreme Court
in every capacity." Justice David H. Souter predicted new pressure at law
schools to see that more high-achieving minorities and women are among those
recommended for clerkships. Thomas and Souter appeared before the House
Appropriations subcommittee on commerce, justice, state and the judiciary to
outline the h igh court's budget request for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1.


Arizona governor is treated for kidney infection

Arizona Gov. Jane Hull was in the hospital Wednesday with a kidney infection she
first noticed on a weekend trip to Mexico. "She is uncomfortable, but alert and
working," spokeswoman Francie Noyes said. Hull, 63, checked into Good Samaritan
Regional Medical Center in Phoenix on Tuesday evening, Noyes said. The governor
and her husband, a doctor, became concerned because she was so nauseous she
couldn't take antibiotic pills without vomiting, Noyes said. Hull took office in
1997 after the bank fraud conviction of former Gov. Fife Symington. She fell ill
Saturday while in the Gulf of California port of Puerto Penasco.

NASA moves up Hubble repair mission to October

NASA will launch an emergency repair mission this fall to the Hubble Space
Telescope, which is in danger of shutting down. NASA decided Wednesday to move
up the next regularly scheduled Hubble visit to October so spacewalking
astronauts can fix the telescope's deteriorating pointing system. The mission
had been set for June 2000. Two of Hubble's six gyroscopes, needed for pointing
and stability, have failed since astronauts' last service call, in 1997. A third
gyroscope is partly broken and considered unreliable. Astronomers need at least
three perfect gyroscopes to conduct observations throughout the universe. "We
are one failure away from losing science," said Ed Weiler, head of NASA's space
science program.

Lawmakers again push for education tax breaks

Lawmakers from both parties renewed a push Wednesday for education tax
legislation that President Bill Clinton vetoed last year. The measure offers tax
breaks for parents who send their children to private schools and allows
tax-free withdrawals from education savings accounts for pre-college expenses.
Clinton vetoed the legislation last summer, saying it would have provided $ 3
billion to fund tax benefits for richer families while doing "virtually nothing
for average families." Congressional backers believe they have a "strong,
bipartisan coalition building here," said one sponsor, Rep. Kenny Hulshof, R-Mo.
The Democratic co-sponsors are Sen. Robert Torricelli of New Jersey and Rep.
William Lipinski of Il linois. The bill would expand the tax-free savings
accounts that Congress created in 1997, with Clinton's blessing, to provide for
college expenses.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo by ASSOCIATED PRESS -  A protester cries out as she is
restrained by a new York City police officer outside the Chinese Mission
Wednesday. The demonstrators were marking the anniversary of Tibet's revolt
against China in 1959. The Chinese crackdown led the Dalai Lama to flee to
India.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 Rehder Hearing

                                 1101 N 27th St
                                     Ste E
                              Billings,  MT 59101
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 406-245-6893
URL: http://www.rehderhearing.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Rehder-Balance-Hearing-Clinic-Inc/338251946241325
http://www.facebook.com/RehderBalanceandHearing
http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view
https://plus.google.com/u/0/102948105719261870137/posts
https://www.youtube.com/user/rehderhearing

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 48142115

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Rehder Hearing is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Signals,
Computer Chips, Hearing Aids, Hearing Aid Batteries, Grinding, and 8 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Rehder Hearing does
business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as
23 other major Manufacturing Industries. Rehder Hearing has at least 2 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Offices of Physical Occupational and
Speech Therapists and Audiologists

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
62134000
SIC CODES:
38420000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Signals
     ·    Computer Chips


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Grinding
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Repair Services
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Glass
     ·    Oxygen


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Air Conditioners, Alcohol, Amplifiers, Analog-to-Digital
Converters, Antibiotics, Aspirin, Audiometers, Backgrounds, Bands, Beds, Bells,
Briefs, Buttons, Canes, Channels, Cleaners, Clothing, Computer Chips, Computer
Systems, Cosmetics, Credit Cards, Crystal, Custom Molds, Dentures, Desks,
Digital Circuits, Digital-to-Analog Converters, Drums, DVD Players, Ear Molds,
Earphones, Earplugs, Electrodes, Eliminators, Escalators, Explosives,
Faceplates, Farm Equipment, Feet, Felt, Firearms, Forks, Funnels, Games,
Generators, Glass, Goggles, Grinding, Guides, Hardware, Hearing Aid Batteries,
Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Invitations, Lace, Lawn Mowers, Lifts, Lights,
Machinery, Measures, Mechanisms, Microphones, Molds, Mowers, Noise Control,
Overalls, Oxygen, Packaging, Pianos, Pictures, Pills, Ping Pong Balls,
Platforms, Playing Cards, Puzzles, Radios, Receivers, Remote Controls, Repair
Services, Rounds, Seating, Sheets, Shoes, Signals, Solutions, Solvents,
Speakers, Spinning, Springs, Tables, Targets, Telephones, Thread, Transitions,
Transmissions, Transmitters, Visors, Volume Controls, Wall Plugs, Wheelchairs,
Wire, X-Ray, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

States to get funds to rebuild dams;

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 241 words


Eleven states, including Nebraska, will share nearly $45 million in aid from the
economic stimulus program to rehabilitate aging dams, the Agriculture Department
said Monday.

Oklahoma will receive $14 million for several projects across the state, while
Georgia will get more than $6 million. Texas will receive nearly $5 million,
while projects in Massachusetts, Virginia and West Virginia were awarded more
than $4 million.

In Nebraska, $1.17 million will go to the Papillion Creek watershed dam site
W-3, south of Blair.

Tim Haakenstad, with the federal Natural Resources Conservation Service, says
four other Nebraska projects are awaiting approval.

The Papio Creek dam classification went from low hazard to high hazard due to a
higher traffic count on Highway 30. With urbanization in that area, there is a
greater danger that there could be lives lost if the dam broke and the creek
flooded the road, Haakenstad said.

The federal aid is designed to revitalize rural communities and bolster
deteriorating dams that could fail and threaten lives and property.

"Many dams and other important flood control structures across the country are
in a race against time," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. He estimated
the funds would create about 1,000 jobs.

Projects in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and New York also will receive funding
under the program, which requires state and local sponsors to provide 35 percent
of the funding for their projects.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009 Wednesday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Custom Coffee Plan

                              20333 Normandie Ave
                              Torrance,  CA 90502
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 310-787-5265
URL: http://www.customcoffeeplan.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9176972

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ASTM, FDA Approved, LEED
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Custom Coffee Plan is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Coffees, Cutlery, Forks, Freezers, Greenhouses, and 19 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Custom Coffee Plan does business in the
Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 20 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Custom Coffee Plan has at least 4 business locations.
The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Save money on office
coffee and breakroom supplies with Custom Coffee Plan, a division of Farmer
Brothers."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; All Other Support Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42344000
SIC CODES:
73899906
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Coffees
     ·    Cutlery
     ·    Forks
     ·    Freezers
     ·    Greenhouses
     ·    Microwave
     ·    Spoons


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Coffees
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Teas
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Safety Cabinets
     ·    Storage Cabinets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Delivery Services
     ·    Embossing
     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Agricultural Chemicals
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Gases
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Indium
     ·    Methane
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Organic
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Grinders



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Agricultural Chemicals, Answering Machines,
Antacids, Antioxidants, Bearings, Black Diamonds, Bowls, Braces, Brochures,
Bronze, Caffeine, Calculators, Candy, Capes, Chaff, Chamomile, Chemicals,
Cleaners, Cleaning Supplies, Cleansers, Coffee Makers, Coffees, Columbium,
Cookies, Cotton, Countertops, Coupons, Crackers, Crystal, Cutlery, Delivery
Services, Dinnerware, Disinfectants, Embossing, Fiber, Filter Paper, Filters,
First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Forks,
Freezers, Gases, Glass, Gold, Greenhouses, Grinders, Guides, Gunpowder, Herbs,
HVAC Systems, Indium, Jeans, Jerseys, Jets, Landscaping, Lifts, Lighting,
Lights, Lime, Linings, Methane, Microwave, Microwave Ovens, Mulch, Napkins,
Natural Gas, Nets, Nylon, Organic, Organizers, Ovens, Packaging, Paper Plates,
Paper Products, Paper Towels, Pesticides, Petrochemicals, Plastic Bottles,
Plastics, Polymers, Recycled Paper, Refrigerators, Reverse Osmosis Systems,
Sacks, Safety Cabinets, Salt, Sheets, Showrooms, Sleeves, Snacks, Soap,
Solutions, Soups, Spices, Spoons, Sprays, Steel, Storage Cabinets, Tea Bags, Tea
Trays, Teas, Towels, Velvets, Water Coolers, Zees

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Arusha Times (Arusha)

                                 July 28, 2012

US Sponsors Agricultural Studies for 58 Locals

LENGTH: 482 words


On Monday, July 23 on the grounds of the U.S. Embassy, Ambassador Alfonso E.
Lenhardt hosted a farewell program for 58 Tanzanian students receiving grants to
study agriculture, nutrition, and related fields at universities in Tanzania and
abroad.

The scholarships are sponsored by the American People through the United States
Agency for International Development (USAID) under the Feed the Future
Initiative. Several distinguished guests delivered remarks, including the Deputy
Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Agriculture Mbogo Futakamba, and Vice
Chancellor of Sokoine University of Agriculture Professor Gerald Monela.

Over a five-year period, Feed the Future will sponsor 120 Tanzanians for
postgraduate studies in agricultural and nutrition sciences. Currently, there
are six Tanzanian students pursuing either Master's or Doctoral degrees in the
Unites States of America. Of the 58 students sponsored this year, 29 of them
will pursue Master's and PhD degrees in agricultural and nutritional sciences at
six American universities - Ohio State University, Michigan State University,
Virginia Tech, Tuskegee University, University of Florida, and Iowa State
University.

Nineteen trainees will pursue Bachelors and Master's degrees at Sokoine
University of Agriculture, and ten trainees will pursue Master's and PhD degrees
at African universities outside Tanzania.

In his remarks to the students, Ambassador Lenhardt stated, "The American People
are committed to helping Tanzania achieve its true potential as a bread basket
for Africa. In order to achieve this critically important objective we need
strong leadership, we need innovation, we need dedication, and most importantly
we need all of you to take this great educational opportunity and come back to
Tanzania to accelerate its agricultural revolution. The United States looks
forward to continuing our partnership with Tanzania in building the Tanzanian
leadership capacity to alleviate food insecurity, malnutrition, and poverty."

The Feed the Future Initiative was launched by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham
Clinton during her visit to Tanzania in June 2011. Feed the Future is the U.S.
Government's global hunger and food security initiative that supports Tanzanian
driven approaches to address the root causes of hunger and poverty, and is in
alignment with the Comprehensive Africa Agriculture Development Programme
(CAADP). One of the key elements of Feed the Future is research and development.
In addition, it provides funding to the Innovative Agriculture Research
Initiative (iAGRI) which is helping to train the next generation of agricultural
scientists and managers.

Founded in 1961 by President John F. Kennedy, the United States Agency for
International Development is the U.S. Governments primary agency for the
distribution of foreign aid. For more information on USAID's history and
programs, see www.usaid.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 19, 2009 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

FOOD STAMPS GO UNTAPPED BY ELIGIBLE AMERICANS

SECTION: A; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 431 words


<b>EDITORIAL</b>

Accepting help can be difficult. You might have to swallow some pride.

But people need to eat, and  government aid is going unused. The U.S. Department
of Agriculture reports that 60 percent of eligible American families apply for
food stamps. This is considered good news, because  the national rate was 50
percent in 2004. Back then, only 38.7 percent of eligible Idaho households
applied. In Washington state, it was 50 percent.

The surge in applications is no doubt caused by the recession and the rise in
unemployment. Washington's rise in food stamp applications since August 2008 is
the second highest in the nation. Idaho's increase is the fourth highest. But
there is still a lot of untapped aid.

There can be a stigma attached to government aid, and the urge for independence
is commendable. But those rationales won't end a child's hunger pangs.

In recent years, several states have broadened eligibility requirements, so many
people may not be aware that they qualify for food stamps. Actually the term
"stamps" is outdated, because debit-style cards are now swiped at cash
registers. The average food aid recipient in June received $133. Poorer families
can get more.

You don't have to be out of work or destitute to get help feeding your family.
In Washington, the general income thresholds for eligibility, according to the
Department of Social and Health Services' Web site,  are: a monthly gross income
(before taxes and deductions) of $1,805 for one person; $2,429 for two people;
$3,052 for three; and $3,675 for four.

In other words, a high percentage of working families qualify for Basic Food,
which is what the state calls its program. The Web site food.wa.gov has the
details on eligibility and applications for Washington residents. Idahoans can
go to healthandwelfare.idaho.gov.

Though hunger has been spotlighted during the recession, widespread  childhood
poverty has achieved a distressing level of permanence. A study of 29 years of
data by the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine has found that half
of all children will benefit from food stamps at some point in their lives. And
that figure is conservative because of all the eligible households that don't
apply.

In 2008, about 49 million Americans (17 million of them children) lacked a
consistent supply of food. About 43 percent of children in Spokane County
qualify for free or reduced lunch at school.

The scope of childhood poverty is stunning and has lifelong consequences, but
society is not indifferent. There is help. Just ask.

<b>TYPE:</b> Column, Commentary, Editorial

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday

Making the case for cattle

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 502  words


Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell came away empty-handed Saturday after arguing
the case for reopening the Canada-U.S. border to live cattle exports in a
meeting with his American counterpart.

Mitchell travelled to New York City specifically to meet U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Ann Veneman face to face for the first time and described her as very
businesslike as they discussed the mad cow crisis that has been crushing the
Canadian cattle industry for 16 months.

In a brief interview after the meeting, Mitchell said he argued the Canadian
case based on science, but it wasn't clear how well his position was received by
Veneman, in New York for this week's Republican convention.

She indicated to me she wanted to see the regulatory process moving forward in
the States, to speed up resolution of the situation, Mitchell said.

The fact that Washington is moving so slowly toward reopening the border makes a
made-in-Canada solution all the more important, he added.

It's clear there's no specific end dates to the American review process.

The United States and other countries closed their borders to Canadian beef
exports after a single case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or BSE, was
discovered in May 2003 on a farm in northern Alberta.

The U.S. started allowing some cuts of beef across the border last September,
but continues to ban imports of live Canadian cattle, creating a backlog of beef
and driving down prices.

Another case of BSE was found last December in a cow in Washington State, which
has complicated matters for American ranchers threatened with the loss of some
of their own markets, such as Japan.

But some Canadian producers suspect part of the reason the U.S. seems to be
dragging its heels on resolving the border issue is to protect its own beef
industry. Industry groups such as the Canadian Cattlemen's Association have
developed long-term plans for coping with the mad cow crisis, which include
emergency cash aid from governments as well as initiatives for boosting
slaughter capacity, loan guarantees and market expansion to reduce reliance on
the U.S.

Some of those have captured Mitchell's imagination as a way to help cope with
the border closure. Ottawa has started to drop broad hints that as the crisis
drags on, more emergency aid could be coming for the cash-strapped industry.

Ralph Goodale, the federal finance minister from southern Saskatchewan, has been
suggesting recently that he might shake open Ottawa's piggy bank.

In March, at the time of the last federal budget, Ottawa announced a $1-billion
farm aid package that included $680 million in relief for cattle producers. That
also included a pledge from Goodale of more help if the border remained closed
for a protracted period.

Goodale has recently repeated that pledge to help cope with mad cow - a serious
issue not just for producers but a serious issue for the country.

However, he hasn't said just how much aid might be made available.

I'm not in a position now to put a dollar figure on the situation, said Goodale.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 2, 1992, Thursday

US AND PRIVATE DONORS TO SHIP SUPPLIES TO FORMER SOVIET UNION

BYLINE: JOHN DAVIES; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: TRANSPORTATION, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 866 words


Roger Runningen was inside a bread store near St. Petersburg when a state
official announced to several hundred waiting people a message that is heard
more and more this winter in the republics that once were the Soviet Union: No
more bread.

"It was almost unbelievable - the people didn't get angry, or shout out or
protest the way Americans might have," Mr. Runningen said. "They just dashed for
the exits in the direction of another store where they heard there might be
read."

The Russians hurried past a private store with plenty of bread for those willing
to pay the equivalent of half a month's pay for a loaf, he said.

Mr. Runningen is press chief for Edward Madigan, U.S. secretary of agriculture.
After a trip filled with vivid images like this, Mr. Madigan returned to the
United States to head up a $ 165 million effort to ship emergency food to the
former Soviet republics, Mr. Runningen said.

The first shipment - $ 15 million of wheat stored in Texas and cheese and butter
from Pennsylvania - is due to go to Armenia later in January, Mr. Runningen
said. "The U.S. Department of Agriculture knows the grain is needed immediately
but said it is simply too heavy to move except in bulk ships," he said.

The U.S. government still would like to move the dairy products there by air but
so far has been unable to line up air freighters to carry the relief supplies,
he said.

"We're working with the Armenians to try to get it airlifted," Mr. Runningen
said.

Shipping lines, air carriers and the ports to be used have not yet been
identified, Mr. Runningen said. Several additional shipments of food will be
made to other parts of the Soviet Union later in the year, he said.

In addition, the Department of Agriculture already has three other Soviet relief
projects planned - development of a full-scale demonstration farm near St.
Petersburg, dispatching of teams of agricultural extension agents in the Soviet
Union and establishment of a panel of top U.S. business leaders to find ways to
reduce waste, spoilage and diversion in the Soviet distribution system.

Beyond that, the U.S. government is considering "two or three" other aid
packages for the Soviet Union, Mr. Runningen said.

On Tuesday, Mr. Madigan said the U.S. government had received no requests from
any of the former republics to speed up the remainder of the $ 1.25 billion in
U.S. agricultural credit guarantees they are due to receive.

Asked whether the USDA might accelerate the credits that are due to be granted
next Feb. 1, March 1 and April 1, Mr. Madigan told reporters that he had
received no such request.

He then pointed out that the USDA in the past has speeded up the timetable on
already-announced credits whenever the Soviet Union made such a request.

Mr. Madigan said U.S. farm exports to the former Soviet Union "can only get
better" as those republics move toward "adoption of democratic principles and
free markets."

Meanwhile, in the Pacific Northwest, companies and individuals seeking to
establish stronger ties with the former Soviets said they realize that providing
food aid this winter may be a practical way to help cement relationships.

Last year, the state of Alaska and Aeroflot worked together to send shipments of
surplus canned salmon to the Soviet Union.

Last month, the Oregon state Department of Agriculture worked with Oregon Potato
Co., Boardman, Ore., to ship a container packed with 10 tons of dehydrated
potatoes to Khabarovsk in the Soviet Far East.

"K" Line, which transported the container to Tokyo, established a special
humanitarian aid cargo rate for the shipment. From Tokyo, the box was shuttled
to a Soviet port, then moved by rail to Khabarovsk.

David Landon, president of Oregon Potato, said he arranged for the donation
mainly because of the Soviet food shortages, but he added that the shipment also
allows the Soviets to know what's available.

"The food shortage is very real," he said, "but there's no denying the gesture
could open the door to future markets for Oregon potatoes."

Mr. Landon took part in an Oregon trade mission to Khabarovsk last month. He
personally showed cooks there how to best turn the flakes into mashed potatoes.

Shipping costs for the container of potatoes were paid by the Oregon Potato
Commission, Northwest Medical Teams, Rotary chapters in Portland and Lake
Oswego, Ore., and sister city organizations for Portland and Khabarovsk.

This month, a Seattle transportation executive is planning a similar relief
effort, with the shipment of 20 tons of flour to Vladivostok, for distribution
to bakeries in the Primorski region. The flour will produce 60,000 loaves of
bread.

Managers at other West Coast ports said they were unaware of any Soviet relief
shipments from their venues but added that private relief organizations don't
always tell the ports when a container or air shipment may contain relief
supplies.

The Port of Oakland, for example, noted that the Oakland-Nakhodka Sister Cities
organization has been particularly active in finding ways to help Russians in
the Nakhodka area. But the group has not gone into detail about relief materials
shipped, the port said.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 25, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

FDA to be asked to OK irradiation of red meat

BYLINE: Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 986 words


The Agriculture Department will seek approval to use low doses of radiation on
beef and other red meat to kill harmful bacteria, Secretary Mike Espy said
Thursday.

Espy said the department decided last week to ask the Food and Drug
Administration for approval. Cited: Irradiation can kill virtually all harmful
bacteria that escape inspection, including E. coli O157: H7. That rare strain
was blamed for three deaths last year. Michael Jacobson of the Center for
Science in the Public Interest calls the proposal "a quick fix that doesn't
solve the fundamental problem of sick cows and filthy packing houses." The FDA
approved irradiation of poultry in 1990.

AIDS WAIVER: Attorney General Janet Reno said the State Department jumped the
gun in telling U.S. embassies around the world she had issued a waiver that
would allow foreigners with the AIDS virus to attend the Gay Games IV and
Cultural Festival June 18-25 in New York. "I'm not even aware of the issue,"
Reno said. Foreigners with the AIDS virus or any other "communicable disease of
public health significance" are barred from the USA. The State Department said
its cable was premature, announcing a "blanket waiver" for visas up to 30 days
to attend the gay event.

DEMJANJUK RULING: A Cincinnati federal appeals court refused to reconsider its
ruling that the U.S. government committed fraud by withholding information that
could have been used to fight John Demjanjuk's 1986 extradition to Israel.
Demjanjuk, 73, returned to Cleveland in September after Israel reversed his
conviction of being Nazi death-camp guard "Ivan the Terrible."

RECORD SNOW: Washington state broke its 24-hour snowfall record after 65 inches
fell from Wednesday to Thursday, canceling schools in eastern regions.
Elsewhere, a snowstorm that dropped 12 inches on Chicago Wednesday hit the Great
Lakes and New England. Freezing rain and ice coated parts of Connecticut and was
blamed for 126 traffic accidents. In Massachusetts, the education commissioner
warned that schools will have to stay in session for 180 days this year,
including vacation days and weekends, to make up snow days.

LATE PORN BILL: David Wingate Sr., a Grand Haven, Mich., video store owner
cleared of obscenity charges, is billing police about $ 8,000 in late fees for
two X-rated videos they used as evidence against him. "Business is business," he
says of the $ 2-per-day late charge on tapes rented in 1991 by undercover police
and held as evidence. Officials say they'll return the tapes, but call the bill
"totally ridiculous."

COMEDIAN SHOT: Former Saturday Night Live performer Garrett Morris, 57, was shot
and seriously wounded in south central Los Angeles during an attempted robbery.
Police spokeswoman Sandra Castello said Morris' assailants confronted him as he
walked toward his car. "The victim said he had no money. The assailants fired
two rounds," Castello said. Morris, who underwent surgery, was hit once in the
chest and once in the arm. No arrests have been made.

MAKEUP FLAP: Several Washington, D.C., council members were outraged that Mayor
Sharon Pratt Kelly used city cable TV fees to pay $ 65-an-hour makeup sessions,
The Washington Times reported. Contracts awarded makeup artist Julie
Rodgers-Edwards $ 5,000 from February to September 1993, $ 9,000 more through
December. Kelly said the services were used for her and guests of cable shows.

SLEEPY PILOT: James Rich dozed after putting his plane on auto-pilot from
Springfield, Ky., to Crossville, Tenn., last week, waking six hours later to an
empty fuel gauge and the Gulf of Mexico below. Rich had no flotation device and
can't swim. The Coast Guard rescued him, but his $ 70,000 plane sank. He could
be fined and lose his pilot's license.

MOMENTARY MILLIONS: James Smith, 72, had only a day to enjoy the news that he'd
won part of a $ 6.4 million Virginia Lotto jackpot. The Chilhowie, Va., man died
of a heart attack Feb. 17 - a day after his caretaker, Reba Poling, learned she
held a winning Feb. 16 ticket, according to news reports. Poling had said she
was planning to split the winnings with Smith and his two daughters. But lottery
officials said Poling claimed the winnings Tuesday alone.

SNORE RULING: The Davis, Calif., City Council ruled snoring is not a violation
of the city's noise ordinance. Some council members apologized to a woman who
had been cited for snoring too loudly. Sari Zayed, 30, pleaded innocent to the
charge after duplex neighbor Chris Doherty complained to police. The district
attorney's office still hasn't announced whether Zayed will be prosecuted. She
is scheduled to appear in local court March 25.

ALSO THURSDAY . . .

TRAIN DERAILMENT: Amtrak rail service is expected to remain rerouted through
parts of Iowa today, as cleanup of a derailed coal train continues. Fifty-two of
the train's 117 cars derailed. The cause is under investigation.

VIOLENCE CONFERENCE: About 1,000 social workers, teachers, police and
health-care workers attended a Charleston, S.C., conference on violence and the
black family. The summit is an idea-sharing forum for policy-makers.

Farrakhan seeks Congress hearing

Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan said he wants to testify before Congress
to clarify the views of his Muslim sect. The request follows a resolution passed
by the U.S. House Wednesday condemning a November speech by Farrakhan aide
Khallid Abdul Muhammad for anti-Semitic remarks. The Senate unanimously adopted
a similar resolution Feb. 2.

"I would hope . . . that whatever the House and the Senate has said about
Brother Khallid and myself indirectly, and the Nation of Islam may be
challenged" so future generations could have "our testimony to read, weigh and
judge for themselves," Farrakhan said. Farrakhan dismissed Muhammad this month.

With: Paul Leavitt, Gary Fields, Jane Schmucker, Cathy Chestnut, Desda Moss

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1994June 11, 1994June 11, 1994June 11, 1994June 11, 1994June
11, 1994

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w; PHOTO, b/w, AP; PHOTO, b/w, Susan Bascomb

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            May 13, 1987, Wednesday

FREIGHTER CARRYING FOOD AID MAROONED

BYLINE: Fort Lauderdale News & Sun-Sentinel (AP)

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 625 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.


A rusty freighter carrying about 8,000 tons of foodstuffs bound for famine
victims in Africa and Jordan is marooned at Port Everglades, Fla., the victim of
mechanical failure and a financial dispute.

The 416-foot Porto Coroni broke down about 25 miles off the coast of Cuba and
was towed into Port Everglades April 3, crewmembers and port officials aid.

The port said the ship's owners, based in Athens, Greece, apparently have
abandoned the vessel and its 18-man crew.

"What's unusual about this is the owner threw up his hands and gave up," said
Robert Richards, the port's harbor master.

About one-half of the foodstuffs onboard consists of pinto beans, cornmeal and
soybean oil bound for Mozambique. Provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
, the food will be distributed by World Vision, a humanitarian relief
organization based in Monrovia, Calif.

The rest of the cargo is flour donated by a United Nations relief organization,
which is destined for Palestinian refugees in Jordan.

"We're trying to move this aid out," said Graham Bott, president of Tampa-based
Afram Lines. "We will not spare any expense to get this moving."

The cargo is worth $ 1.7 million to $ 1.8 million, Mr. Bott said.

Afram chartered the Porto Coroni from a Panamanian company, Defender Bay
Shipping, which op erates out of Athens. He said Afram Lines, which is trying to
buy the ship, has reached an impasse with the company's owners and Athens- based
lenders who financed operations of the 17-year-old ship.

The ship's owners could not be contacted for comment.

In the meantime, Afram has dispatched engineers to Port Everglades to repair the
broken-down generators and correct other mechanical problems. Mr. Bott said
repairs, which will cost about $ 500,000, could be completed in 10 days.

The foodstuffs, wrapped in bags and large drums, have not spoiled, Mr. Bott
said.

The ship, which left New Orleans in March, was headed for the port of Quelimani
in Mozambique, where part of the cargo would be taken to the country's coastal
region, said Jerry Kitchel, spokesman for World Vision. From there, he said the
rest of the World Vision cargo would be dropped off at Durban, South Africa, and
transported by truck to southern Mozambique.

"Considering that the situation in Mozambique is very grave, we want to see the
food get there as quickly as possible," Mr. Kitchel said. "We are very
uncomfortable with the delay."

World Vision's aid program in Mozambique is targeted at 1.5 million famine
victims, he said.

Tom Bell, a U.S. Department of Agriculture official in Kansas City, Mo., said
this was the first time he could recall a relief shipment being held up so long
at a port.

The delay has frustrated and angered the crewmembers, who are from Greece and
the Philippines.

Most are owed wages for the past two months, said Howard Botts, director of the
Christian Seaman's Service, a Fort Lauderdale religious group that has helped
the men.

Aboard the ship on Monday afternoon, Angel Pesce, the cook, prepared rice and
chicken. Sweltering in the cramped galley, he said the refrigerator had broken
down.

"The conditions are very bad," Mr. Pesce said. "It's rained inside the cabins
and (the ship) is full of cockroaches and rats. We have been abandoned."

Arthur Levine, a Fort Lauderdale attorney who represents Afram, said if the ship
sale is successful, the crew will be paid and sent home.

For now, crewmembers said they are relying on the Christian Seaman's Service.

"It's a sad situation trying to get food to Africa, and now the crew needs
food," port spokesman Tim Lewis said Monday.

In addition, port charges accumulate daily. Mr. Lewis said the ship owes $
22,425 in wharfage and other fees.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Farmers await flood help

BYLINE: Gene Zaleski, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 490 words


Sept. 07--Farmers and agriculture officials say the application process for
state assistance following the October 2015 floods went smoothly.

Now the waiting begins for growers to receive payments for their crop losses.

Orangeburg County farmer Harry Wimberly lost his entire corn crop last year due
to the floods.

He successfully filled out his farm aid application and has been told he
qualified for assistance. He has been told payments will begin Oct. 1.

"That is all I know," he said, adding the application process went smoothly.

State lawmakers agreed in May to provide $40 million to help farmers after last
October's torrential rains.

The S.C. Department of Agriculture says flooding wiped out $330 million worth of
crops at harvest time, and farmers lost an additional $45 million because they
couldn't plant winter crops in bogs.

Wimberly thought payments would arrive a little sooner, as corn has already been
harvested and cotton and peanuts are quickly approaching.

"But I am happy it will come Oct. 1," Wimberly said. "When it comes, it will be
well used."

South Carolina Farm Bureau President Harry Ott said on a scale of 1 to 10, the
farm aid application process has been a 10.

"I have not gotten any complaints from farmers with any difficulty with the
application process," Ott said. "The application process went smoothly."

It appears the process "worked as it was designed to work," he said.

"I have not gotten anybody calling me and saying they thought they should have
qualified and they did not," Ott said.

Ott expressed his appreciation to the S.C. Department of Agriculture, Clemson
Extension and the S.C. Department of Revenue for working together to make the
process function well.

"We are looking forward to the completion of the application process and are
hoping farmers will be getting financial assistance soon," he said.

Calhoun County Clemson Extension Agent Charles Davis said he did not have any
hard numbers on applications, but echoed Ott about the process.

"The ones who may have had the most problems are small vegetable producers or
those who did not have a farm number as required by legislation," he said.

Farmers had until Aug. 15 to apply for the aid. The deadline to apply for
assistance for Cherokee, Pickens and Oconee counties was Sept. 6.

The aid can cover up to 20 percent of losses, but no farmer can get more than
$100,000.

To be eligible for the grant, farmers must have experienced a verifiable loss of
agricultural commodities of at least 40 percent as a result of the October 2015
flooding.

A number of training sessions, including one in Orangeburg, were held throughout
the state for farmers to help them with the application process.

Contact the writer: gzaleski@timesanddemocrat.com or 803-533-5551. Check out
Zaleski on Twitter at @ZaleskiTD.

___ (c)2016 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160907-GG-Farmers-await-flood-help-20160907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2016 The Times and Democrat


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Deadline Jan. 30 for farmers to apply for federal forage aid

BYLINE: Zach Tyler, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 254 words


Jan. 18--Farmers feeling the far-reaching effect of a summerlong drought have
until the end of this month to apply for federal assistance in feeding
livestock, a Farm Service Agency official said Wednesday.

More than 300 livestock farmers in the area have already applied for such aid
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Livestock Forage Program, according
to Bill Browning. Executive director of the USDA's Farm Service Agency in
Calhoun, Cleburne, Talladega and Shelby counties, Browning said Wednesday that
the long-running drought has made feeding cowherds and other livestock tough.

The biggest obstacle, he said, is a limited supply of hay for winter feeding.

"If you didn't raise hay and have hay yourself, you're going to have to do some
soul-searching," Browning said. "You may be leaving the cattle business."

The USDA's forage program offers to subsidize the drought-related losses
experienced by farmers of many kinds of animals -- from "alpacas, beef cattle,
buffalo, beefalo, dairy cattle, deer, elk, emus, equine, goats, llamas, poultry,
reindeer, sheep or swine," according to a release on the program from Browning's
office.

The program had paid $534,711 to Calhoun County farmers in November, according
to a Farm Service Agency spokeswoman. Statewide, some $8.5 million had been
paid.

Staff writer Zach Tyler: 256-235-3564. On Twitter @ZTyler_Star.

___ (c)2017 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170118-AO-Deadline-Jan-30-for-farmers-to-apply-for-federal-forage-aid
-0118-20170118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2017 The Anniston Star


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Acadian Ambulance

                                 300 Hopkins St
                              Lafayette,  LA 70501
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 800-259-3333
URL: http://www.acadianambulance.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/AcadianAirMed
http://www.facebook.com/AcadianAmbulanceService
http://www.facebook.com/AcadianCompanies
http://www.linkedin.com/company/acadian-ambulance
http://www.youtube.com/user/Acadiancompanies
https://twitter.com/acadiannews

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 33210852

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Acadian Ambulance is a company focussed on Aircraft, Ambulances, First Aid,
Vans, Wheelchairs, and 7 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. Acadian Ambulance does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and
Automation Industries, as well as 29 other major Manufacturing Industries.
Acadian Ambulance has at least 2 business locations. The company describes
itself via it's website thusly: "Home : Acadian Ambulance : Division of Acadian
Companies"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
62191000
SIC CODES:
41199902
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Aircraft
     ·    Ambulances
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Vans
     ·    Wheelchairs
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Gold
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Access Controls, Adhesive Tapes, Air Ambulances, Aircraft,
Alcohol, Ambulances, Antiseptics, Appliances, Autopilots, Balloons, Banners,
Batons, Bells, Belts, Bowls, Brakes, Brochures, Bulbs, Buses, Calendars, Can
Openers, Capes, Carbon, Chairs, Channels, Chests, Cleaners, Cloth, Clothing,
Communication Networks, Containers, Control Centers, Countertops,
Defibrillators, Dials, Dice, Electric Fans, Engine Oils, Feet, Fire
Extinguishers, Firearms, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flashlights, Flats,
Freezers, Furniture, Games, Gears, Generators, Globes, Gold, Guards, Guns, Hats,
Helicopters, Helmets, Hot Air Balloons, Ice, Indium, Jackets, Jacks, Jerseys,
Jets, Jumper Cables, Latex Gloves, Life Jackets, Lifts, Light Sources, Lights,
Message Centers, Multipliers, Oxygen, Pictures, Pills, Plastics, Platforms,
Posts, Radios, Ramps, Refrigerators, Registers, Rescue Vehicles, Rotors, Safety
Equipment, Satellites, Scales, Seat Belts, Seats, Security Systems, Showers,
Sirens, Sleeves, Smoke Detectors, Soap, Solutions, Solvents, Speakers, Sprays,
Springs, Starters, Storage Containers, Substations, Sunscreens, Switchboards,
Tags, Targets, Telephone Systems, Telephones, Thermometers, Tires, Towels, Trim,
Vans, Ventilators, Wheelchairs, Winches

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                         September 21, 1994, Wednesday

NORTHWESTERN LEADERS SEEK MARKETING POLICY FOR FARM GOODS

BYLINE: WILLIAM DiBENEDETTO; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Pacific Northwest business and government leaders have banded together in a call
for more aggressive marketing of the region's agricultural products.

The Citizens Network for Foreign Affairs drafted a list of six recommendations,
the result of a round-table discussion among 75 U.S. and Canadian leaders, last
month during the Washington Agricultural Showcase in akima, Wash.

"If the Pacific Northwest intends to capitalize on the many growing global
markets for agricultural goods, then a regional strategy is necessary," said Pat
Berndt, mayor of Yakima. "These policy recommendations represent a clear and
positive move in that direction."

One recommendation urges the Pacific Northwest Economic Region, a regional
economic development group, to establish an agriculture working group that will
focus on building international markets for Northwest agricultural producers and
processors. The group has eight working groups that cover transportation and
environmental issues.

"Agricultural producers and other parties within the agricultural sector need to
develop a nonpartisan, sustainable, cooperative program to boost agricultural
exports from the Pacific Northwest," said the first recommendation.

The list also emphasizes a "regional approach" to marketing and says that the
agricultural showcase, one of the largest of its kind in the nation, is a
successful model of what the private sector can do for the state and the Pacific
Northwest.

Another recommendation said Northwest interests "should encourage the
establishment of a regional U.S.-Mexico Chamber of Commerce, given the large and
growing importance of the Mexican market for Pacific Northwest agriculture."

Economic development in emerging markets is essential, but assistance ''should
not consist solely of disaster and food aid, but should consist primarily of aid
that builds local economies," said the policy group.

The Citizens Network for Foreign Affairs is a nonprofit public policy, education
and international development organization.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Pilchuck Veterinary

                                11308 92nd St SE
                              Snohomish,  WA 98290
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 360-568-3113
URL: http://www.pilchuckvet.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/pvhequine
http://www.facebook.com/Everettanimals
http://www.facebook.com/nwesc
http://www.facebook.com/pvhequine
http://www.facebook.com/pvhsmallanimal
https://twitter.com/pilchuckvet

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 42980401

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Pilchuck Veterinary is a supplier focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Veterinary Medicines, X-Ray, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Pilchuck Veterinary does business in the Agriculture, Automotive,
and Biomedical Industries, as well as 26 other major Manufacturing Industries.
Pilchuck Veterinary has at least 2 business locations. The company describes
itself via it's website thusly: "Pilchuck Veterinary Hospital is a 20-doctor,
multi-species veterinary practice in Snohomish, WA with the largest team of
board-certified equine surgeons in Seattle and western Washington."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Veterinary Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54194000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Veterinary Medicines
     ·    X-Ray
     ·    First Aid Kits


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Barium
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Enzymes
     ·    Ethylene
     ·    Ethylene Glycol
     ·    Gases
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Insulin
     ·    Iron
     ·    Iron Phosphates
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Phosphates
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Treadmills


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Litecure LLC


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasives, Acid, Acupuncture Needles, Additives, Adhesive
Tapes, Alcohol, Ambulances, Ammonium, Ampules, Analgesics, Anesthesia Equipment,
Angles, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Backgrounds, Barium, Barns,
Beakers, Bearings, Beds, Benches, Bicycles, Bladders, Bleaches, Bowls, Brake
Fluids, Brakes, Breathers, Bridles, Briefs, Brushes, Building Blocks, Cakes,
Calendars, Capillaries, Capsules, Catheters, Chemicals, Chests, Chokes, Cloth,
Coats, Collectors, Columbium, Compost, Compounds, Computer Hardware, Containers,
Control Centers, Cord, Cosmetics, Cotton, Couches, Crates, Credit Cards,
Crystal, Danger Signs, Densimeters, Desks, Diapers, Digital Cameras, Digital
Thermometers, Elements, Enemas, Enzymes, Ethylene, Ethylene Glycol, Extenders,
Extrusions, Feeds, Feet, Fences, Fiber, Fiber Optic Cables, Fiber Optics, First
Aid, First Aid Kits, Flares, Flashlights, Flats, Games, Gases, Gift Cards,
Glass, Glass Beakers, Gold, Grasses, Guides, Gum, Hardware, High Resolution
Monitors, Hoes, Hoists, Hones, Hoods, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Insulation,
Insulin, Iron, Iron Phosphates, Jacks, Lace, Lasers, Latex Gloves, Leaf Blowers,
Lights, Masks, Mattresses, Measures, Medical Adhesives, Medical Tapes, Mold
Compounds, Molds, Name Tags, Nets, Nitrogen, Nylon, Ointments, Organs, Overalls,
Oxygen, Padding, Panels, Paper Towels, Pencils, Pens, Personal Computers,
Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Phosphates, Pictures, Pipettes, Plastics,
Posts, Primers, Profiles, Ramps, Reception Desks, Refrigerators, Registers,
Restraints, Rounds, Salt, Scales, Scopes, Scrubs, Sheets, Shelters, Shipping
Containers, Shoes, Signals, Sleeves, Slugs, Snacks, Snowboards, Solutions,
Speakers, Spheres, Sprays, Springs, Stairs, Steel, Stethoscopes, Stools,
Surgical Lasers, Syringes, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Targets, Telephones, Tennis
Balls, Tents, Test Tubes, Testers, Thermometers, Towels, Transitions,
Transmission Fluids, Transmissions, Treadmills, Trimmings, Tubs, Vessels,
Veterinary Medicines, Video Cameras, Workstations, Worms, X-Ray, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 18, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

Panel Proposes Child Nutrition Block Grants

Judith Havemann, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 479 words


The House Economic and Educational Opportunity Committee announced plans
yesterday to combine the Agriculture Department's $ 5.5 billion breakfast and
lunch programs for schoolchildren into a single nutrition cash payment to the
states.

The action, if passed by Congress and signed by the president, would end the
guarantee that all eligible children would receive free or low-cost meals at
federal government expense.

Instead, states would receive a set amount of money each year to spend on
nutritional programs for low-income children. The amount of money would be
allowed to increase by 4.5 percent each year. The Congressional Budget Office
has estimated that, without committee action, costs would go up 5.2 percent each
year.

A Ways and Means subcommittee last week approved turning the main welfare
program, Aid to Families with Dependent Children, into a similar block grant to
the states, and to end the guarantee that all eligible poor people would receive
benefits under that program. Both are designed to fulfill the promises in the
Republican "Contract With America."

The opportunity committee is following a similar pattern in proposing the school
nutrition block grant and a separate family nutrition block grant for low-income
women and children.

The block grants are supposed to increase the flexibility of the states to
design programs tailored to local needs and to enable the states to increase
administrative efficiency by setting similar eligibility standards and rules for
all programs.

The committee would prohibit payments to immigrants who are not citizens, as
proposed for other block grants.

Although the school breakfast programs serve 796,000 children annually, and 4.7
million children receive free or low-cost school lunches, both are dwarfed by
the food stamp program, which serves more than 27 million Americans a month at a
cost of more than $ 25.6 billion. That program is under the jurisdiction of the
Agriculture Committee, which has not revealed its plan for food stamps.

Gerry Miller, director of social services in Michigan, said Republican governors
had been negotiating with the Agriculture Committee in an effort to win the same
block grant status for food stamps as for other forms of public assistance.

"AFDC, food stamps and Medicaid are a complementary package in our minds," he
said. "We need flexibility in all of them to make the system work."

Medicaid negotiations with the Republican governors also are underway. The
governors have asked Republican chairmen of the congressional budget and finance
committees to allow the program, whose costs have been skyrocketing, to grow by
8.8 percent a year.

"This is the best-case scenario," said Cyndy Brucato, spokesman for Minnesota
Gov. Arne Carlson (R). "Now we are hoping we will get about a 7 percent annual
increase, but we don't know."

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            August 1, 1998 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

US plans wheat aid buffer

BYLINE: DIANE STOTT

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 479 words


The United States has promised to investigate ways of quarantining Australian
farmers from the effects of US wheat aid to Indonesia, after tensions rose
yesterday during high-level talks.

The US Secretary of State, Dr Madeleine Albright, said a meeting between
officials of both countries would be held in Washington soon to find ways of
containing the commercial effects of the aid program.

The Prime Minister, Mr Howard, and the Deputy Prime Minister, Mr Fischer, both
raised the issue with Dr Albright during her visit to Australia for AUSMIN talks
on defence and trade issues.

Mr Fischer had earlier in the week attacked the US Administration, accusing the
President, Mr Clinton, of breaching the spirit of commitments he had made
previously not to interfere in Australia's traditional agricultural markets.

He claimed the Americans were donating the wheat under the guise of
"humanitarian aid" when the US Secretary of Agriculture, Mr Dan Glickman, had
stated that the aims of the program were also to expand US export markets and
boost prices for US grain growers.

Dr Albright, alluding to Australia's strong representations on the issue, said
yesterday she now understood the depth of anger about the issue here.

But she stressed that the hunger in Indonesia needed to be addressed to allow
economic reforms to progress and a smooth transition to democracy.

Tensions had escalated between the two countries earlier yesterday after Mr
Glickman attacked Mr Fischer for his stand against the US aid plans.

Responding to Mr Fischer's claims that the wheat aid was directed at opening
Indonesia as a new export market, Mr Glickman said: "The United States has
always engaged in humanitarian assistance to those countries in the world which
need our help. "[It] is not intended to displace commercial sales, period. We're
not doing anything insidious."

The US plans to give 500,000 tonnes of wheat to the Indonesians, with the
prospect of a further million tonnes, in a market where US sales tally just
200,000 tonnes a year.

Indonesia is a lucrative market for Australia, where sales reach about $600
million a year, or about 3 million tonnes.

Mr Fischer, who is also Minister for Trade, said on ABC radio yesterday that
Australia's concerns were "legitimate". Australia was being caught in the
crossfire between America's fight against European farm subsidies. "We want to
work with the USA on that, but equally Australia's sovereign and legitimate
rights - we'll be in there defending that," he said.

Mr Howard had also raised the issue with Dr Albright at a dinner on Thursday
night, where Dr Albright assured him the US did not want to interfere in
Australia's commercial trade with Indonesia.

"Quite rightly, we're expressing concern on behalf of Australian primary
producers because, unlike American primary producers, Australian farmers don't
get government subsidies," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1998 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 15, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

METRO DIGEST

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 517 words



GIULIANI SEEKS DEEPEST CUT SINCE 1930'S

Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani proposed a financial blueprint for New York City that
included the largest percentage reduction in overall spending since the Great
Depression and that would drastically reshape municipal government and slash its
services to the poor. A1.

Despite all the attention devoted to budget cuts, the plan presented by the
Mayor includes a variety of new measures to raise money, including several ideas
-- like selling advertising in parks or increasing the number of taxi medallions
-- that seem likely to provoke a fight. B4.

The Mayor's proposed cuts would affect education, hospitals, child welfare, the
police, youth, the arts and sanitation. B5.

The release of the Mayor's preliminary spending plan is the beginning of a long
process by which the city's budget is determined. B5.

IN FISCAL CRISIS, GIULIANI IS TRANSFORMED

Four months ago, when Mayor Giuliani crossed party lines to endorse Mario M.
Cuomo in the race for governor, he excoriated George E. Pataki. But now, with
Mr. Pataki in the Governor's mansion, the Republican Mayor has made a
turnaround. At the heart of it is the fact that to close a $2.7 billion deficit,
one way or another, he desperately needs state help to balance his budget. News
analysis, A1.

ALBANY RE-EXAMINES THE DEATH PENALTY

Coaxed by Governor Pataki, the State Senate backed off a plan to pass
legislation that would have given New York one of the most extensive
death-penalty laws in the country. A1.

NEW YORK CITY

AIDS SERVICES FAULTED IN FEDERAL LAWSUIT

The city agency in charge of providing services for people with AIDS is in such
disarray that many recipients are effectively being denied benefits that they
are entitled to, said a class-action suit filed in Federal court. B4.

CORTINES RENEWS ATTACK ON CITY HALL

After tensions between the two men had appeared to subside, Schools Chancellor
Ramon C. Cortines harshly criticized Mayor Giuliani's proposal to gain greater
control over how the Board of Education spends its money. B5.

A plan to transform Yankee Stadium into a garage-surrounded preserve drew sharp
criticism from community leaders. B3.

The commissioner of the city's community assistance unit resigned. B3.

REGION

COURT REVIEWS CHILD SUPPORT

Like many divorced fathers, James Pascale pays child support. And like a growing
number, he helps care for his children a few days a week. Mr. Pascale's lawyer
went before the New Jersey Supreme Court to argue that because such
"nontraditional" arrangements are becoming more common, it is time for the state
to re-examine the guidelines that determine child-support payments. Mr. Pascale
wants the court to allow him to retain some of the money he now pays in child
support to spend on his children as he sees fit. B6.

COLLEGE SECURITY GUARD HELD IN SLAYING

A campus security guard was arrested and charged with murdering a professor's
widow while she was cleaning out her late husband's office on Sunday. B6.

Neediest Cases B2

About New York by Michael T. Kaufman B3

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "PULSE: Flower Sales" shows total wholesale value of cut flowers
grown in Conn., N.J. and N.Y. (Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture)

TYPE: Summary

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                        Audina Hearing Instruments, Inc.

                               165 E Wildmere Ave
                              Longwood,  FL 32750
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 407-331-0077
URL: http://www.audina.net/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/audinausa
http://www.youtube.com/user/audinausa

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 32503884

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Audina Hearing Instruments, Inc. is a manufacturer focussed on Hearing Aids,
Packaging, Repair Services, and 3 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Audina Hearing Instruments, Inc. does business in the Agriculture,
Architecture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 23 other major Manufacturing
Industries. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Audina
manufactures innovative custom and stock hearing aids for all ranges of hearing
loss, offering quality and affordable options."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Hearing Aids

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33451002
SIC CODES:
59990903
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Hearing Aids


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Repair Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Glass
     ·    Indium
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Amplifiers, Appliances, Backgrounds, Bands, Bells,
Brads, Brochures, Brushes, Buttons, Capes, Channels, Charcoal, Clear Plastic
Tubes, Cloth, Coins, Coping, Cord, Cosmetics, Credit Cards, Custom Instruments,
Custom Molds, Dials, Digital Cameras, Digital Circuits, Domes, Drums, Ear Molds,
Earphones, Faceplates, Filters, Flats, Fluorescent Lights, Freezers, Games,
Generators, Glass, Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing Aids, Horns, Indium, Jeans,
Jerseys, Keyboards, Lifts, Lights, Lint-Free Cloth, Magnifiers, Measures,
Microphones, Molds, Name Tags, Nets, Overalls, Packaging, Pianos, Pills,
Plastics, Purses, Radios, Railroads, Receivers, Receptacles, Refractories,
Refrigerators, Registers, Remote Controls, Repair Services, Rockers, Signals,
Silicone, Silicones, Silver, Sleeves, Solutions, Speakers, Tables, Tags,
Targets, Technical Manuals, Telephones, Towers, Trade Associations, Transitions,
Transmissions, Trimmers, Volume Controls, Wire, Yellows, Zinc Air Batteries

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 18, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

ERODING EROSION

BYLINE: By Ken Cook

SECTION: Section A; Page 27, Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 830 words

DATELINE: SHEPHERDSTO WN, W. Va.


Dust storms darkening the sun in Washington, D.C., with topsoil blown from the
Great Plains, an anxious farmer knee-deep in a newly carved gully - today, after
a half-century and $20 billion worth of Federal programs, these memories still
shape national policy aimed at combating soil erosion. But Government findings
in recent years have substantially changed experts' ideas about erosion
problems, and public debate over how to solve them must take those findings into
account.

One legacy of the Dust Bowl is that we continue to think of erosion as a threat
to all farmland. Actually, most erosion occurs on a relatively small amount of
land. Analysis of data collected by the Agriculture Department in 1977 shows
that only 6 percent of American cropland (24 million acres) accounted for a
staggering 43 percent of the two major types of erosion: sheet erosion, in which
rain washes a thin layer of soil from a field, and rill erosion, in which soil
is carried away in small water-etched channels. Similarly, over half the
cropland erosion caused by wind occurred on 9 percent of the nation's acreage.

Though often invisible to the naked eye, the loss of soil from sheet and rill
erosion can be stupendous. Slightly more than nine million acres of crop-land -
2 percent of the national total - lost 518 million tons of soil through sheet
and rill erosion in 1977. (By comparison, all of the gullying in America moved
57 percent of that amount.) On average, this cropland lost an inch of soil to
sheet and rill erosion every three years - a rate 10 times greater than the
national average.

Federal programs have failed dismally in getting conservation treatment to this
small amount of highly erodible land. A monumental but largely unnoticed
Agriculture Department study published in 1981 indicated that between 1975 and
1978, as many as half the erosioncontrol practices introduced with Federal
financial and, in some cases, technical assistance have been confined to land
with only minor erosion problems. The study concluded that soil savings in the
agricultural conservation program could be tripled, at no increase in cost, by
''targeting erosion control funds according to the potential for erosion.''

So in the debate over the conservation program Secretary of Agriculture John R.
Block proposed in October, ''targeting'' is the watchword. He wants to shift 25
percent of his department's $700 million annual conservation effort to
as-yet-undesignated ''critical areas'' of erosion and flooding. County
committees that administer Federal cost-sharing have been encouraged to seek out
farmers with serious erosion problems instead of parceling out money on the
traditional first-come first-served basis. A pilot program offers farmers
financial aid in proportion to the amount of soil that the aid will save.

To fully implement targeting would be to fundamentally alter - and improve -
nearly 50 years of Federal conservation policy and programs. With level or
declining budgets for these programs, any buildup in target areas will reduce
conservation services elsewhere.  That will produce political problems, because
all farmers, regardless of the extent of their conservation problems, have been
able to benefit from these programs since their inception.

Targeting presents scientific problems, too. In general, erosion makes soil less
productive. Yet certain extremely thick soils seem to withstand very high rates
of erosion without great loss of productivity. Conversely, a small amount of
erosion may seriously impair crop production on shallow soils. In either case,
erosion may introduce into bodies of water damaging amounts of sediment,
fertilizer, and pesticides. The Agriculture Department, aware of these
considerations, has indicated that high rates of erosion will not be the sole
criterion for selecting target areas.

While targeting, in its infancy, points the way to improved conservation, after
five decades of research and experience we do not fully know where erosion hurts
us most. But I think current research will verify that a fairly small amount of
land accounts for much of the threat erosion poses to agricultural productivity
and water quality. Such advances will be forfeited if research funds are lopped
from the budget, as President Reagan has proposed.

Conservation is desirable everywhere. But the Government has limited resources,
and so have farmers. Thus, we cannot afford to permit outdated policies and
self-defeating budget cuts to impede the scientific tasks of soil conservation
that lie ahead.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Ken Cook, a journalist, contributes regularly to the Journal of Soil and Water
Conservation, a magazine.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing

TYPE: OP-ED

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IN YOUR COMMUNITY Metro & Obituaries;
Deluged nonprofits help needy get food stamps

BYLINE: April Hunt; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1042 words



HIGHLIGHT: Strapped food banks can't meet demand. A record 1.8 million Georgians
received aid through federal program.


Teresa Ashe took a break from looking for work on a recent rainy morning to fill
out the necessary paperwork that would get her a week's worth of food from a
food pantry.

But the laid-off housekeeper didn't rush home to tuck into the offerings of
tinned stew or boxes of mac and cheese from the Christian Aid Mission
Partnership food pantry in Austell. She waited in the office so she could meet
with an expert to help her apply online for food stamps.

"I don't know what's going to come next," said Ashe, whose unemployment benefits
ran out the week before Christmas. "It's going to be thin until I can find a
job. I can use the help."

Ashe is hardly alone. Faced with a record number of hungry Georgians, food-bank
operators and state officials have teamed up to find more potential recipients
of the food stamp program, officially known as the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program.

Nearly one in five people in the state rely on food stamps, a record 1.8 million
people through September, according to U.S. Department of Agriculture figures.
Georgia has seen an 87 percent jump in the program since the recession began in
2007. The cost to taxpayers has grown considerably. Americans will pay $65
billion to fund the food stamp program this year, more than double what it cost
in 2005.

A big reason for the program's expansion is that many workers have slipped from
the middle class during the ongoing economic downturn, creating a need for more
regular help than food banks can provide. Food stamps offer that boost.

"It's a perfect match for the state to find the population that needs this
program," Lucy Smith, manager of the Food & Nutrition Unit in the state
Department of Human Resources. "Right now, it appears that need is only going to
grow."

Opponents of the expansion argue food stamps are beyond the original mission of
the agriculture department. In an essay written for the libertarian-leaning
Georgia Public Policy Foundation, University of Georgia Professor Emeritus
Harold Brown argues that shift bloats the department's budget.

"In times of great controversy over the cost of government, it is time to
question USDA's straying from its traditional mandates," Brown writes. "Remove
nutrition programs from USDA and let it concentrate on what made it great."

However, the foundation has not taken an official stance against food stamps or
advocated for any changes.

Food bank operators would like the see the number of food stamp recipients grow
through the partnership between the state and nonprofits. It's not that donors
don't make feeding needy people a priority. Charities like the Atlanta Community
Food Bank consistently rank among the top 10 recipients of financial and food
aid.

But even with more donations, the nonprofits can't keep up with demand for their
help, said the food bank's chief operating officer Rob Johnson. And food banks
are designed for emergency aid, not to provide regular assistance.

"Quite frankly, we are not the most efficient way of getting food to people,"
Johnson said. "People being able to go to the store and buy what they need with
their card is certainly more efficient than we are."

Funding for food assistance also has been spared from budget controversies on
the federal level.

Still, despite its relative budget safety, the program only serves about 70
percent of people who qualify for food stamps, Smith said.

One factor is the lack of computer literacy --- or of a computer itself --- to
file an application. That is where food pantries like the Christian Aid Mission
Partnership, or CAMP, center play a key role.

Little technical savvy is needed for the food stamps, which years ago shifted
from coupons to a Electronic Benefits Transfer card that functions much like any
debit card. The cards can be used only for food, with checkout machines at
stores configured to determine what products qualify for purchase.

Still, workers on the front lines say there remains a stigma of applying for
aid, especially among senior citizens who never before needed help.

Vera Carrillo, an intake counselor at CAMP, said there is also a growing number
of people of all ages who never before needed assistance. Many have some money
coming in, but food is a distant third to priorities like housing and
transportation.

"People say, 'I didn't think I would qualify,' or they think for years they
didn't need it, so now they don't want it," Carrillo said.

Joan Martin, who also recently received food from CAMP, applied years ago for
food stamps but was $15 over the weekly limit. General recipients qualify if
they are 130 percent over the federal poverty line, which is $22,350 for a
family of four.

Now a retired day care worker, the 70-year-old Lithia Springs woman is more
likely to qualify --- most senior citizens do --- but isn't sure she'll bother.

"One month I had 37 cents left over," Martin said of paying bills and medicine
with her Social Security income. "But I don't fool with food stamps. I'll get
by."

Even those who receive food stamps will likely need some help. CAMP's executive
director Darlene Duke said the food pantry this year changed its rules, allowing
needy people to receive food every month. They had been limited to assistance
six times a year.

That effectively doubles their distribution, with each of the 12,000 families
served getting about 95 pounds of food each time they visit.

"We have to hook people up with every food program we can," Duke said.

Who qualifies

What makes someone eligible for food stamp benefits.

*Financial factors such as income and household expenses. Eighty-five percent of
food stamp recipients are at or below the federal poverty line, which is $22,350
for a family of four.

*Only citizens and legal immigrants are eligible, most of whom must wait 5 years
in legal status before qualifying for benefits.

*Able-bodied adults between 16 and 60 (with some exceptions) are required to
register for work, to take part in employment/training programs referred by the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program office, and to accept or continue
suitable employment.

*Benefits come to the household via electronic debit cards, known as electronic
benefit transfer cards which can be used in more than 216,000 approved retail
stores in the U.S. to purchase unprepared food.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 05, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. Offers Tons of Food To Russians; Shipments to Combat Wintertime Shortages

Thomas W. Lippman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A49; THE 1998 ELECTION

LENGTH: 716 words


The United States has agreed in principle to send 3.1 million metric tons of
wheat and other food to Russia to "help sustain Russians through a serious food
shortage this winter," President Clinton announced yesterday.

In a statement issued at the White House, Clinton said the emergency shipments
were contingent on assurances that the food would be distributed to the truly
needy and would be exempted from Russian taxes and import duties.

The large consignment of food -- more than 10 times the amount the Clinton
administration announced in September it would send to famine-stricken North
Korea -- is a reflection of Russia's dire economic situation. Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman said it is a "minimum" amount and that the administration
"is prepared to provide additional assistance as necessary."

But U.S. officials said the aid also reflects the United States' desire to
maintain good relations with Russia despite Washington's criticism of economic
policies Russia is adopting now that unfettered capitalism and free-market
reforms have been set aside.

The U.S. strategy is to maintain bilateral cooperation on a broad range of
scientific, environmental and health issues while letting the government of
Premier Yevgeny Primakov make its own economic decisions. Yesterday, the Energy
Department announced completion of security upgrades at two storage sites in
Russia for bomb-grade uranium.

Glickman said this year's grain harvest in Russia is projected at "just 52
million metric tons -- the country's worst harvest in 50 years. The problems in
Russian agriculture have been compounded by the devaluation of the ruble and the
crisis in Russia's banking system," which have left Russia without the cash to
purchase food on the open market.

In Moscow yesterday, Deputy Prime Minister Yuri Maslyukov said that money set
aside to provide food and fuel to Russia's far north, where winter is especially
long and harsh, had been "used for some other purposes. . . . We will have to
take a number of difficult steps to provide the population with fuel and food."

According to the Agriculture Department, the U.S. aid will be in three packages:
1.5 million metric tons of wheat in the form of an outright grant; 1.5 million
tons of wheat, sorghum and other commodities to be made available through a
low-interest loan; and 100,000 tons of various commodities to be contributed to
volunteer relief agencies for direct distribution to needy Russians. The overall
value of the package was estimated at $ 500 million.

In addition to helping the Russians, Clinton and Glickman said, the aid will
benefit U.S. farmers, who they both said "have been hit hard by an agricultural
crisis here." Agriculture department officials said this is the third time the
United States has provided food to Moscow since the breakup of the Soviet Union
early this decade. U.S. food was shipped to the Caucasus region of southern
Russia after the 1994-96 war in Chechnya, and a small amount of grain was
provided earlier this year, they said.

In the case of Chechnya, however, the aid was sent in response to a onetime
crisis. Yesterday's announcement, and the commitment to provide more aid as
needed, reflect a systemic crisis in Russia that could go on for years,
officials said.

The stabilization program announced by Russia on Saturday, Maslyukov said, was
spurred by the realization that "the banking system was in a state of collapse
and could not breathe. The industrial sector has, as a result, come to a
standstill, and there was a threat that the whole economy would stop."

U.S. officials have made no secret of their disapproval of key points of the
Russian program, including subsidies to ailing industries and the issuance of
new bank notes to pay salaries of workers and soldiers. After nearly six years
of commitment to free-market reform in Russia, Clinton administration officials
have resigned themselves to the fact that the reformers have been eclipsed, but
they continue to warn that the choices Russia is making are inflationary.

Maslyukov said the government intends to hold the printing of rubles to what he
called "a permissible amount" but added that, in any case, "I think that we are
in such a state that it is impossible to scare us anymore."

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 11, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

VOLUNTEERS

Anne Chase

SECTION: MARYLAND WEEKLY (MONTGOMERY); PAGE M5

LENGTH: 589 words


Looking for volunteer opportunities? Following are groups in your area in need
of volunteer help for a day or a week or on a regular basis. This column is
published every other week. Nonprofit groups in need of volunteers should send
notices to Volunteers, The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C.
20071.

Work With Children

Teenagers and adults interested in working with disabled children are needed at
the Cedar Lane Special Education Summer School program from June 22 to July 31.
People are needed to work in the therapeutic swim program, in physical
education, arts, crafts and music. Volunteers will need to adhere to a regular
schedule. There will be an orientation session June 18 from 9 to 11 a.m. at the
school, 5451 Beaverkill Rd., Columbia. Call Pam Vollmerhausen at 410-313-6977
for an application.

Environmental Workers

The Howard County office of the Soil Conservation Service of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture is looking for people 17 and older to take water and soil
samples, create wildlife habitats, lead conservation education programs and
interpret satellite maps. Call Jack Helm at 410-465-3180.

Volunteer Teens Needed

United Way of Central Maryland has a list of hundreds of summer opportunities
for teenage volunteers. Young people are needed to work at hospitals, homeless
shelters, libraries, schools and museums. The list includes organizations in
Baltimore City and the five counties surrounding the city, including Howard.
Call the United Way's volunteer referral line at 410-659-0050.

Volunteer Center

The Columbia Volunteer Corps has listings of organizations in Howard County that
need volunteers.

Meals on Wheels needs drivers to deliver meals to homebound and elderly people.
The hours are 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Monday through Friday. Volunteers are asked to
work once a week or every other week.

The National Federation of the Blind needs drivers to take blind people to
monthly support group meetings and to meetings with state officials in Baltimore
and Annapolis.

Developmental Services Group is looking for a therapeutic assistant to work
individually during the day with an adult with a brain injury who works on a
computer. Training will be provided.

For more information, call Sandra Fields at 410-381-0980.

Travelers Aid

The Travelers Aid Society needs volunteers to staff its booth at Union Station
in the District. Travelers Aid gives information on sightseeing, lodging and
transportation, and also helps travelers stranded by events. The booth is open
from 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. seven days a week, and workers are expected to work
one four-hour shift per week. Parking is provided. Call Ann Ingram at
202-546-3120.

Community Symphony

The Takoma Park Symphony Orchestra and choral group is looking for violinists
and people to help with public relations. Call Nora Boskoff at 301-589-4049.

Folklife Festival

The Smithsonian Institution needs volunteers to work on its Festival of American
Folklife that will be held on the Mall in the District from June 25-29 and July
2-5. Helpers assist the craftspeople, musicians and cooks, watch equipment, help
the stage crews and bring refreshments for the performers. The festival needs
bilingual volunteers who speak English and one of the following languages:
Spanish, French, Dutch, Navajo, Jamaican creole or Sranan, a language spoken in
Suriname and French Guiana. A volunteer orientation session will be held on June
20 from 10 a.m. to noon on the Mall. Call the Smithsonian at 202-287-3445.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                November 23, 2005 Wednesday Penn/Elkhart Edition

NIPSCO: Resolve bill-paying woes now;
Aid, budget plans, other alternatives may be available.

BYLINE: By JOSHUA STOWE; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A1; COLD REALITIES: PAYING HEATING BILL

LENGTH: 662 words


SOUTH BEND -- She expects the story to have a happy ending when her heat comes
on today, but Debra Bonds said last week was a chilling chapter in her struggle
to stay warm.

Meanwhile, NIPSCO wants her recent heating woes to serve as a cautionary tale
for others -- a reminder to resolve any bill issues now, before Michiana's
weather, so far mild, turns far colder.

Higher heating bills are coming, along with biting winter winds, said NIPSCO
spokesman Tom Cuddy. And that, he said, means that now is the time to tackle any
bill-paying concerns.

"With gas costs as high as they are, we know some people will have problems
paying their bills," Cuddy said. "What we have always encouraged our customers
to do -- but more so now -- is to contact NIPSCO before the bill comes due."

One customer's story

Starting today, Bonds said, she won't have to worry about heating the Twyckenham
Drive home she shares with her 8-year-old grandson.

She won't have to rely on electric heaters or her fireplace to provide warmth,
she said, and won't have to boil water to wash her dishes or fill her bathtub.

The reason, she said, is that she has paid off the balance that kept her gas off
for about a week. It all started Nov. 16. At about 7:30 p.m., Bonds noticed she
had no heat, despite having recently mailed payment for her latest bill.

After contacting NIPSCO, she learned the only thing between her and a warm house
was a payment of more than $550 -- more than four times what she had sent in
because of a combination of past due money, a deposit and a reconnection fee.

The total caught her off-guard and initially left her wondering how she'd muster
the cash. She thought there shouldn't be any problem.

After receiving a disconnection notice, she mailed in a payment she thought
would reach NIPSCO by Nov. 15, in time to keep her heat.

But the payment didn't post in time, and as a result, NIPSCO cut off her natural
gas at 8:26 a.m. Nov. 16, Cuddy said. He consulted her customer record at The
Tribune's request after Bonds signed a release form allowing him to do so.

Bonds' past record showed she had received disconnection notices in 2003 and
2004 as well, Cuddy said, and that she hadn't been able to meet the terms of a
payment plan she worked out with NIPSCO in December 2004.

Bonds said a health condition has hampered her ability to pay bills. She said
she suffers from congestive heart failure and consequently must often miss a day
or two of work during each pay period.

But as it turns out, Bonds might be eligible for NIPSCO's Winter Warmth program
for needy customers, although she said she had not applied for help through it.

When he learned of her medical condition, Cuddy said that while he didn't know
the specifics, "I would be hard-pressed to see how she would not qualify" for
Winter Warmth assistance.

Seek aid, payment plans

Cuddy said Bonds' experience can help others.

"The moral of the story is, customers need to contact us before they miss a
payment," he said.

Whether a person has had past difficulty paying or is encountering his or her
first problem bill, the key is to try to work something out ahead of time, he
said.

For one thing, he said, customers can apply for help through NIPSCO or through
agencies that help those in need.

For another, Cuddy said, customers may be able to set up a payment plan,
depending on their income, past payment history and any extenuating
circumstances.

In addition, customers who are worried about large bill fluctuations from month
to month or season to season can enroll in NIPSCO's budget plan.

The plan allows customers to pay the same amount each month, using their past
energy use and estimated future prices to provide an average monthly bill.

"Regardless of your situation, regardless of your income," Cuddy said, "the
number one thing for customers to do is call us before they miss a payment."

Staff writer Joshua Stowe:

jstowe@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Debra Bonds is seen last week in her South Bend home, where she lost
heat after a bill payment she mailed just days before the disconnection deadline
didn't post in time. She expects her heat to be restored today, but NIPSCO
officials say her story should encourage customers to pay bills early and to
contact the company as soon as they encounter financial difficulty.   Tribune
Photo/SANTIAGO FLORES      Heating help available  These agencies offer utility
aid for those people with low income. Save yourself some hassle by calling on
them in the following order.  1) Energy Assistance Program.  This is at REAL
Services. Your income must be no more than 150 percent of the federal poverty
level.  Call (574) 232-6501 in St. Joseph County and (800) 225-3367 in Elkhart,
Marshall, Kosciusko and Fulton counties.  2) Your township trustee.  Helps with
unpaid bills but not deposits.  3) Winter Warmth  program. This aid is only for
natural gas provided by the Northern Indiana Public Service Co.  The program can
help only with deposits for now. That's because there's a limited amount of aid
left, and NIPSCO officials, who created the program, said they want to focus on
deposits. You must have a shutoff notice from NIPSCO to receive help with
deposits.  Aid for previously unpaid bills may return Dec. 16 if NIPSCO receives
permission from state regulators to renew the program.  Contact these social
service agencies for Winter Warmth:  In St. Joseph County   Family & Children's
Center Counseling and Development Services, 105 E. Jefferson Blvd., Suite 700,
South Bend; (574) 287-2671.  In Elkhart County   Salvation Army, 300 N. Main
St., Elkhart; (574) 294-6668.  Salvation Army, 1013 N. Main St., Goshen; (574)
533-9584.  Open Door, 201 S. Main St., Nappanee; (574) 773-3820.  In LaPorte
County   Salvation Army, 209 State St., LaPorte; (219) 326-5342.  Those in
Coolspring and Michigan townships should go to the agency in Michigan City.
Salvation Army, 1201 S. Franklin, Michigan City; (219) 874-6885.  * * *  Rural
weatherization loans.   Loans are available to help repair or weatherize rural
homes for those with low income. The interest rate is 1 percent. These are
available from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.  Call
(219) 324-6303, ext. 4, if you live in St. Joseph, Jasper, Lake, LaPorte or
Porter counties. Call (574) 936-2024, ext. 4, if you live in Elkhart, Fulton,
Kosciusko, Marshall, Pulaski or Starke counties.

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            September 3, 1999 Friday

LENGTH: 147 words


FARGO (AP) -- Five North Dakota counties will get more than $1 million each in
federal aid as a result of 1998 farm flooding. County offices started setting
checks Tuesday for farmers and ranchers, said Scott Stofferahn, state director
for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency. Of $42 million
approved nationwide, $22 million goes to North Dakota. The program was funded by
last year's emergency farm aid legislation. The top five North Dakota counties
in the Flood Compensation Program were Richland with $2.04 million in aid,
Cavalier with $1.69 million, Bottineau with $1.38 million, Traill with $1.06
million and Dickey with $1.02 million. Payments are based on rental rates for
land, so the per-farmer amounts are generally greatest in the Red River Valley.
Statewide, payments averaged $1,821 per applicant, with 12,070 of the state's
31,000 farmers applying.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday

Gubernatorial hopefuls pledge agriculture aid

BYLINE: Jimmy LaRoue, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Dec. 4--HOT SPRINGS -- Two of the three Democrats running for governor made
their case Wednesday that they would be best suited to support Virginia's
agricultural interests.

Sen. Creigh Deeds, who grew up on a Bath County farm, told a breakfast gathering
at the Virginia Farm Bureau Federation convention at The Homestead that he has
an intimate understanding of agricultural issues, noting that he's the only one
to have been born in Virginia and born on a farm.

"Now is the time to stand with Virginia's farmers," Deeds said.

Del. Brian Moran, of Alexandria, told the group later in the morning that he has
championed the federation's issues in the House of Delegates, even going against
his own party to support ending the estate tax. America, Moran said, "was born
on a Virginia farm."

He said current challenges are related to one another.

"Strong agriculture policy can lead to healthier kids and less money spent on
health care," Moran said. "Better land use planning can mean protecting
generations of farmers. And our environmental policies can have a huge impact on
our economic development plans."

Deeds pointed to his sponsorship of the Agricultural Stewardship Act and said he
was "proud to write the most progressive, incentive-based land conservation law
in the nation, creating tax incentives, tax credits to encourage people to put
their land into conservation easements."

Both candidates talked up the need for expanded energy opportunities --
including biofuels -- while pushing for increasing broadband opportunities in
rural areas and improving transportation infrastructure. They both touted their
ties to U.S. Sen.-elect Mark Warner and Gov. Timothy M. Kaine.

Deeds called for an "energy research triangle" similar to the Research Triangle
in North Carolina established in 1960 by then-North Carolina Gov. Luther Hodges.
He also wants to retool the state's community college system.

"We've got to compete for the smart jobs," Deeds said.

Moran said more people in Virginia should understand agriculture's economic
impact, and its economic reach should be expanded globally. He touted a trade
mission to India with Kaine that he said resulted in $100 million in investments
in the state.

At the same time, Moran said more needs to be done to encourage Virginians to
buy locally.

"We've spent so much time figuring out how to get Virginia produce to market on
the other side of the country that sometimes we forget that it's easier to sell
it on the other side of the county," Moran said.

He also wants to invest in agricultural education through the Virginia
Cooperative Extension and expand university research. Moran said the state
should continue its commitment toward land preservation and conservation.

"The fact is, our challenges are interconnected more than ever before," Moran
said.

Deeds, quoting Scripture several times during his address, said biblically,
farmers are natural conservationists at heart. If elected, he said his focus
would be on three things -- "the economy, the economy, the economy."

Moran said he would continue to be a strong supporter of Farm Bureau interests.
He said he feels "strong" about his message, having spent time in every region
of the state "for years."

"From Fairfax to Galax, we are far more alike than different," Moran said.

Deeds, despite a financial disadvantage against his two Northern Virginia rivals
for the Democratic nomination, said he believes his message is resonating around
the state. His advantage, Deeds said, is that he's been on the ballot in every
state precinct, receiving nearly 1 million votes in his close loss for attorney
general three years ago to Republican gubernatorial candidate Bob McDonnell, who
addressed the convention Monday.

"I've got serious challenges ahead of me," Deeds said. "I'm running against
these two guys from Northern Virginia that have access to a lot more cash than I
do, and campaigns, to a large extent, are about the money you raise and that
affects your ability to get your message out."

To see more of The News Virginian or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsvirginian.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The News Virginian,
Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081204-NX-Gubernatorial-hopefuls-pledge-agriculture-aid-1204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2008 The News Virginian


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 5, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CLINTON PLANS $1.2 BILLION FLOOD AID; PRESIDENT VISITS IOWA COMMUNITY HIT BY
DISASTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: ELDRIDGE, IOWA


President Bill Clinton pledged Sunday night to make as much as $1.2 billion in
federal money available to help flood victims along the Mississippi River.
Visiting a farm near Davenport, Iowa, Clinton put the overall damage estimate of
the past week's floods in Iowa, Illinois and Missouri at close to $1 billion.
He said too little money was available at this time to cover all the losses. But
he announced that farmers, farm businesses and individuals would get the same
treatment given to victims of Hurricane Andrew in Florida last year.  This means
businesses and individuals will be eligible to have the federal government pay
as much as 50 percent of their total losses.  On his way to the farm, Clinton
had his motorcade stop on a long, high bridge across the Mississippi River,
surveyed the damage and walked into Davenport - the hardest-hit community along
the river - to shake hands with residents. At one point he waded through water
on the street, shook his head and said, "It's bad." In the city, the Mississippi
had risen to more than 7 feet above flood stage, and even higher levels were
expected with additional heavy rain upstream.  Mayor Pat Gibbs has estimated
damage to Davenport at $100 million.  Clinton explained that he had already
signed an order releasing $100 million to help those in the flood area.
Administration officials said the government would move to make an additional
$297 million, in a federal disaster fund, available for flood victims, bringing
the total to $397 million. And Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy, who accompanied
the president on the trip, said the administration would ask Congress to approve
an additional $850 million in aid. That would bring the total to roughly $1.24
billion.  Clinton engaged in a testy exchange with a farmer who demanded to know
where the president would find the money to pay for the aid - and whether it
would mean higher taxes.  Steve Loussaret, 23, of Long Grove, Iowa, complained
to Clinton, "I remember someone saying, 'No new taxes,' about six months ago."
"It wasn't me," Clinton said.  The president then gave a pitch for his $500
billion deficit reduction program and said he didn't know exactly where the
money would come from to pay for the disaster aid, saying it was up to Congress
to find other areas to cut.  The president said the farm aid would not add to
the deficit.  "If you don't believe that you should have any tax increase at
all, you're entitled to that opinion," he told the farmer. "But I think you'll
make more money in lower interest rates than you'll pay in more taxes." Clinton
also ordered changes in the eligibility rules for farmers seeking relief so it
will be easier for more to apply for federal help, including farmers who have
not been able to plant their crops because of prolonged rain.  He said he was
waiving relief rules to make farmers who have been unable to plant crops
eligible for disaster aid.  A growing number of Midwestern farmers have voiced
fear that they would not be able to seek federal aid because the storms that
have been battering the region for months have prevented crop planting. Federal
aid usually is based on damage to crops.  In Iowa alone, farm economists
estimate that the late planting of corn and soybeans has cost the state at least
$750 million. The overall damage to the state has been put at more than $1
billion.  Other states damaged by the rains include Illinois, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Missouri and South Dakota.  Clinton, wearing a green long-sleeved
shirt, jeans and leather boots, greeted residents a block away from the most
heavily flood sections of downport Davenport.  The president's jumbo jet had
flown low over the Mississippi River so Clinton could look from the window at
rain-swollen waters that have inundated low-lying farms and homes.  Rain was in
the forecast for each of the next several days, and officials were warning it
could prolong the flooding for weeks.  In western Minnesota, 5.9 inches of rain
fell overnight at Morris. In Marshall, having its third round of flooding in two
months, the Redwood River crested Saturday 2.6 feet above flood stage. That
river feeds the Minnesota River, a major contributor to the Mississippi.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0057

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: August 2, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0057 (2000004245) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after August 2, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near August 10, 2016.



To be eligible to submit offers, potential contractors must meet KCCO's vendor
qualification requirements established in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.2.
Details of these requirements and contact information are available online at:
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=coop&topic=pas-vr. KCCO's
main contact for vendor qualification requirements is Betty Kunkel who can be
reached by phone at 816-926-3295 or by email at Betty.Kunkel@kcc.usda.gov
Once qualification requirements have been met, access to WBSCM will be provided.
Bids, modifications, withdrawals of bids, and price adjustments shall be
submitted using this system. Submission of the above by any means other than
WBSCM will be determined nonresponsive. Complete details of the contract
requirements and terms are available in KCCO's master solicitation for commodity
procurements and USDA's commodity requirements documents available through the
attached document packages. KCCO's solicitation (when published) will specify
the commodities, tonnage, and required shipping schedules.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0054

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: July 21, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0054 (2000004202) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after July 20, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near July 27, 2016.



To be eligible to submit offers, potential contractors must meet KCCO's vendor
qualification requirements established in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.2.
Details of these requirements and contact information are available online at:
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=coop&topic=pas-vr. KCCO's
main contact for vendor qualification requirements is Betty Kunkel who can be
reached by phone at 816-926-3295 or by email at Betty.Kunkel@kcc.usda.gov
Once qualification requirements have been met, access to WBSCM will be provided.
Bids, modifications, withdrawals of bids, and price adjustments shall be
submitted using this system. Submission of the above by any means other than
WBSCM will be determined nonresponsive. Complete details of the contract
requirements and terms are available in KCCO's master solicitation for commodity
procurements and USDA's commodity requirements documents available through the
attached document packages. KCCO's solicitation (when published) will specify
the commodities, tonnage, and required shipping schedules.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Tonawanda News (North Tonawanda, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 21, 2010 Tuesday

Bad weather in 2010 leads to disaster aid

BYLINE: Tonawanda News, North Tonawanda, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Dec. 21--Two weather events during 2010 placed Erie and Niagara counties on
natural disaster area lists, allowing farmers to qualify for federal assistance.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture last week designated 19 counties in New York
as natural disaster areas due to losses caused by frost, freezing, high winds,
hail, excessive snow, excessive rain and cold temperatures that occurred Feb. 15
-- May 12. Erie County was among the 19 counties listed, and Niagara County was
among 31 additional counties placed on the list because of its proximity to the
disaster area.

In addition, Niagara County qualifies for disaster assistance because of
excessive rain, flooding, flash flooding, hail and high winds that occurred
between June 2 and July 21. Franklin, Orleans and Suffolk counties were named
natural disaster areas. Niagara qualified as one of Orleans County's neighbors.

"President Obama and I understand these conditions caused severe damage to a
wide variety of crops including fruit and vegetable crops, and we want to help,"
said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "This action will provide help to
farmers who suffered significant production losses."

Three other weather events were considered severe enough to qualify parts of New
York state as natural disaster areas, including two for excessive rain and one
for excessive drought.

All five events were designated natural disasters on Friday, which qualifies
farm operators in the designated areas eligible for low interest emergency (EM)
loans from USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA), provided eligibility requirements
are met.

Farmers in eligible counties have until June 17, 2011 to apply for loans to help
cover part of their actual losses. FSA will consider each loan application on
its own merits, taking into account the extent of losses, security available and
repayment ability. Additional information is available online at
http://disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

To see more of the Tonawanda News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tonawanda-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Tonawanda News, North
Tonawanda, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101221-TT-Bad-weather-in-2010-leads-to-disaster-aid-1221-20101221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TT


                         Copyright 2010 Tonawanda News


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           September 10, 2010, Friday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 597 words


I-64 bridge opening ties up morning traffic

The new Interstate 64 bridge between South Charleston and Dunbar opened Thursday
morning, tying up traffic in the process.

Road workers shut down the eastbound lanes of the interstate about 7 a.m. to
shift traffic to the new bridge, said a Kanawha County Metro 911 dispatcher.

The lanes going over the new bridge opened about 7:30 a.m., the dispatcher said.
In the meantime, morning rush-hour traffic was backed up for several miles, into
Putnam County.

Coal train derails in Wayne County

A train derailed in Wayne County early Thursday, according to Wayne County 911
dispatcher.

The accident happened at the intersection of W.Va. 37 near Morris Funeral Home
in the town of Wayne about 12:30 a.m., the dispatcher said. No one was injured,
he said.

The Norfolk Southern train was carrying coal from a mine near East Lynn, the
dispatcher said.

The road was reopened Thursday morning. Officials were still unclear Thursday
afternoon what caused the derailment.

State to seek drought aid for panhandle

MARTINSBURG - The West Virginia Department of Agriculture plans to request
federal aid for the drought-stricken Eastern Panhandle.

Agriculture spokesman Buddy Davidson told The Journal that the department will
request a disaster declaration from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Davidson
said the state is awaiting damage assessments from the federal department's Farm
Service Agency.

Jefferson County homeland security and emergency management director Barbara
Miller said a disaster declaration would make farmers eligible for emergency
loans.

Festival seeks film award nominees

SUTTON - The West Virginia Filmmakers Festival wants nominees for the state's
best movie maker.

The organization says it awards the West Virginia Filmmaker of the Year Award
based on recent or lifetime work that has had the most impact on the state's
movie industry. Nominees can be involved in any aspect of making films,
including production, direction, writing and acting, and they should have strong
ties to the state, such as making a movie in West Virginia or living here.

The winner will be announced during the 11th annual West Virginia Filmmakers
Festival.

Harrison issues first smoking ban citation

CLARKSBURG - An Eagles lodge is the first establishment to be cited under the
Harrison-Clarksburg Health Department's Clean Indoor Air regulation.

The Exponent Telegram reports that the county's sanitation supervisor cited
Fraternal Order of Eagles No. 2353's trustee, William Bunnell, for an alleged
smoking violation last week.

The regulation bans smoking at most public places, including bars, restaurants
and video lottery establishments. It went into effect June 1.

Health department administrator Chad Bundy told the newspaper the misdemeanor
complaint is the first to be filed under the regulation.

Bunnell says he will ask for a jury trial.

A lawsuit filed by a group of fraternal organizations challenging the regulation
is pending.

West Virginia whistle to be heard in Colorado

STEAMBOAT SPRINGS, Colo. - The noon whistle is coming back to Steamboat Springs
- just a bit softer.

The ski resort's city council decided Tuesday to revive the city's traditional
noon whistle blasts reminiscent of a steamboat. The noon whistles were stopped
in 2008 because of structural concerns caused by the sirenlike 150 decibel
whistle blasts downtown.

The new whistle is stainless steel and made by MD Whistles in Fairmont, W.Va.
The owner of the company, Mike Daugherty, says the new whistle will have a more
comfortable noise level of about 100 decibels.

- from staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 23, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

Lugar Seeks Record of Prewar Farm Aid to Iraq

George Lardner Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 588 words


The Senate Agriculture Committee's ranking Republican, Sen. Richard G. Lugar
(Ind.), joined his Democratic chairman yesterday in calling on the Bush
administration for a huge number of documents concerning prewar agricultural aid
to Iraq.

The decision by Lugar added a significant bipartisan flavor to the spreading
number of congressional investigations into the administration's courtship of
Iraq before the Persian Gulf War.

Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) said he intended
to pursue his investigation of Commodity Credit Corp. (CCC) guarantees and other
U.S. support for Iraq before Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait, "no matter how high
up I have to go."

Leahy and Lugar sent letters to the secretaries of Agriculture, Treasury and
State and the head of the Federal Reserve demanding production of thousands of
pertinent records and calling for the submission of lists within a few days.
Leahy said in a statement that the document request was necessary because the
Bush administration was refusing to provide the General Accounting Office with
records for an inquiry it started more than two years ago.

"Refusal by the administration to cooperate suggests the possibility of a
coverup," Leahy said.

One of the most startling documents that has come to light thus far is an Oct.
13, 1989, memorandum written by a State Department official, Frank Lemay, after
a meeting with four Agriculture Department officials about a bank scandal in
Atlanta that indicated the CCC program with Iraq was riddled with fraud.

Lemay reported to State Department higher-ups that the USDA was "looking at
possible diversion of CCC-guaranteed commodities during transit, illegal
payments required by Iraq of exporters," and demands for kickbacks in the form
of after-sales services.

The memo also quoted one Agriculture Department lawyer, Kevin Brosch, as saying
federal prosecutors in Atlanta had "some indication diverted funds (and possibly
direct bank-lent funds) were used to procure nuclear-related equipment."

"USDA expectations are that the [bank] investigation could 'blow the roof off
the CCC,' " Lemay reported. ". . . We should proceed carefully in urging the
immediate provision of loan guarantees to Iraq. If smoke indicates fire, we may
be facing a four-alarm blaze in the near future."

At a hearing late Thursday before the House Banking Committee, Brosch and
another Agriculture Department official, Lawrence T. McElvain, repudiated the
memo. McElvain said he had no recollection of saying anything about "a
possibility of any of these commodities being diverted . . . for military
equipment" and said the memo "misrepresented very badly" the actual discussions.

Lemay could not be reached for comment yesterday.

The dispute over prewar policy toward Iraq also has extended to the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee where Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.) has asked for
indefinite postponement of a hearing on the nomination of James P. "Jock" Covey
to head a new State Department bureau for South Asia.

The hearing for Covey, a deputy assistant secretary of state for the Near East,
was held up, sources said, because of questions about his involvement in prewar
Iraqi policy. Some Democrats on the committee also supported the delay, the
sources said.

Foreign Relations Committee members, one source said, are wondering what Covey
and his bureau did when they were told of possible diversion of CCC-guaranteed
food shipments. Covey was one of the recipients of the Lemay memo.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SEN. RICHARD G. LUGAR.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 1, 2000 Friday CNORTH EDITION

NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 356 words


Driver killed in accident

on DeKalb Pike in Whitpain

WHITPAIN - A motorist, whose identity police have not yet disclosed, was killed
about 8 a.m. yesterday after the 1984 Oldsmobile he was driving collided with a
flatbed truck on DeKalb Pike (Route 202) just north of Route 73.

Police said the car was traveling north on DeKalb Pike, and the truck was
traveling south. The driver of the Oldsmobile was pronounced dead at Mercy
Suburban Hospital.

The accident, which forced DeKalb Pike to be shut down in both directions for
two hours, remains under investigation, police said.

Cheese franks are recalled

over possible metal shards

READING - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection
Service has announced the recall of 6,588 pounds of cheese franks that could be
contaminated with metal fragments.

Berks Packaging Co. of Reading recalled Weis Quality Our Deluxe Cheese Franks
after a consumer from Pennsylvania reported finding two metal fragments in the
product, company officials said. The recalled package has "EST. 8782" in the
USDA seal, and a sell-by date of Oct. 17. The contaminated product is believed
to have been sold in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New York and New Jersey grocery
stores within two weeks of production.

Anyone with food-safety questions may call the USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline at
1-800-535-4555.

Two events to be added

to annual 12K AIDS Walk

Organizers of the annual AIDS Walk announced yesterday that they would add two
events - a 12-kilometer run and a one-mile stroller walk for families with small
children - to the traditional 12K walk at this year's event on Oct 15.

Also for the first time, participants will be able to register or obtain a
sponsor form online at www.aidswalkphilly.org Anyone interested also can
register by calling the AIDS Fund at 215-731-9255. There is no registration fee
and no minimum pledge requirement.

Last year, more than 30,000 people participated, raising nearly $1 million for
44 area organizations that provide care, education and other services for people
with HIV and AIDS and others affected by the disease.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

USDA grants aid 3 state projects

BYLINE: JOSEPHINE MARCOTTY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 522 words



HIGHLIGHT: $26 million targets flood control, water quality and songbird
protection.


The Red River, the imperiled golden-winged warbler and environmentally minded
Minnesota farmers all will benefit from $26 million in new federal funding
designed to boost conservation and clean up agricultural water pollution in the
state.

The three projects, which all must provide significant matching funds from other
sources over the next five years, are part of a revamped $370 million program
announced Wednesday by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's conservation arm.

Calling it a "new era of conservation," U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
said the 115 "high impact" projects across 50 states represent the latest
strategies in how to protect water quality and wildlife. It is the first time
the agriculture department has joined forces with state and local governments
and other groups to increase the scope and financing for projects designed to
protect the environment.

"These partnerships are forging a new path for getting conservation on the
ground and are providing opportunities for communities to have a voice and
ownership in protecting and improving our natural resources," Vilsack said.

In Minnesota, the largest grant - $12 million - will go to flood prevention
projects in the Red River Valley. Nearly 30 federal, state and local government
agencies will work to build water retention systems and ponds on agricultural
lands that will work to slow the flow of water into the river while also
reducing phosphorus and nitrogen pollution levels. The Red River is a major
source of nutrient contamination in Canada's Lake Winnipeg. Once completed, six
to eight different sites will store approximately 50,000 acre-feet of
floodwater.

It is small piece of a $1.8 billion diversion and flood control project underway
to protect Fargo, N.D., and other towns along the river, and it will need a
total of $21 million over the next five years.

Minnesota's three-year-old Agricultural Water Quality Certification Program for
farmers was awarded $9 million to expand statewide. It provides farmers with
expert help and financial assistance in adopting ways to stop soil erosion and
water pollution. That could include things like new drainage systems and other
water management tactics to prevent runoff. The total cost for the next five
years will be $21 million. State agriculture officials said they expect to get
the remaining funds by tapping the state's Legacy funds.

The American Bird Conservancy, a national conservation group, and three states
joined forces to protect the golden-winged warbler by improving forest habitat
on 64,000 acres around the Great Lakes.

The bird has suffered one of the steepest population declines of any songbird
species, primarily because of the disappearance of young forests, its preferred
habitat.

"Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin have the largest remaining breeding
population, and habitat management actions there are considered critical to
rebuilding populations rapidly," said Dr. George Fenwick, president of the
American Bird Conservancy.

The project will cost a total of $10 million, and Minnesota has contributed some
of it through Legacy funds.

Josephine Marcotty · 612-673-7394

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 23, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PRESIDENT DEFENDS SPURNING STEEL AID AS HELP TO FARMERS

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 32, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 22


President Reagan said today that he decided last week to aid debt-ridden farmers
but declined to impose import quotas on steel to aid that industry because they
were a ''quick fix'' that might backfire on agricultural America.

In his weekly paid political address on radio, Mr. Reagan said such quotas could
spur inflation and prompt other nations to retaliate against American exports,
including farm products.

He said steel and agriculture ''have not shared fully'' in the economic recovery
because declining land values made it hard for farmers to repay high- interest
loans and foreign ''dumping'' of government-subsidized steel in the United
States made it hard for domestic makers to compete.

Last Tuesday, Mr. Reagan ordered the Farmers Home Administration to defer up to
25 percent of loan recipients' payments for five years and made available $630
million in private loan guarantees to farmers.

He then rejected the steel industry request for the quotas, ordering instead a
program of seeking voluntary restraints from foreign producers while promising
tough new action if they did not comply. ''One thing I'm not doing, for it would
damage our economy more than it would help, is imposing import quotas,'' he said
today.

In the radio broadcast, four days before Mr. Reagan's planned campaign trip to
steel-producing areas in Ohio, the President criticized Walter F. Mondale, the
Democratic Presidential nominee, as favoring the quotas.

''That kind of protectionism is my opponent's policy,'' Mr. Reagan said, ''and
just like his tax increase, it's the wrong policy.''

''The lessons of history are clear,'' the President added. ''The costs of
protectionism for one group would automatically be passed on to another.
Inflation would be reignited, jobs would be destroyed, not saved, and foreign
countries would retaliate against our exporters like our farmers.''

''By resisting quick fixes,'' he said, ''and helping those in steel and farming
help themselves, we'll make sure all of us can and will go forward together.''




LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 14, 2016 Sunday

Education Briefs: Feb. 14, 2016

BYLINE: Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 519 words


Feb. 14--Yuba City

College hosts grant application workshop

Cambridge Junior College is hosting a workshop to help future college students
complete their 2016 Cal Grant applications.

The workshop is at 5:30 p.m. Feb. 23 at the campus, 990-A Klamath Lane, Yuba
City.

Cal Grant applications are due by March 2. The financial aid program is
administrated by the California Student Aid Commission and is the largest source
of California state funded student financial aid.

Call Cambridge Junior College at 674-9199 for more information.

Chico

Continuing education scholarship available

Scholarships are available for students whose studies were interrupted for at
least five years by circumstances beyond their control and who now want to
resume their undergraduate studies at California State University, Chico.

The Bernard Osher Foundation, headquartered in San Francisco, is offering
$60,000 in scholarships.

Applications are due by 5 p.m. Feb. 29. An application and more information are
available online at rce.csuchico.edu/osherscholarship.

For more information, visit rce.csuchico.edu or call Regional and Continuing
Education at 898-6105.

CSU Chico Continuing Education has administered and distributed $470,898 in
Bernard Osher Foundation Reentry Scholarships to 90 CSU, Chico students in the
past nine years.

Yuba-Sutter

Scholarship for those interested in business

Students who demonstrate potential entrepreneurial business interest and
rationale are eligible for the Entrepreneurial Scholarship available through the
Employer Advisory Council.

The $1,000 scholarship is provided by the Yuba, Sutter, Colusa, Butte EAC.

To qualify, applicants must be at least 16 years old, need not be students and
must show Local Labor Market Information for the industry.

The planned business must be within the local area.

Applications, due by March 1, must be delivered or mailed to EAC, 950 Tharp
Road, suite 1000, Yuba City, CA 95993.

For more information, contact Toni Costales-Servin at
tcostales-servin@sutter.k12.ca.us or 822-5852.

Farm Bureau offers agriculture scholarship

The Yuba-Sutter Farm Bureau is offering scholarships to graduating high school
students who have long-term career interests in agriculture.

Open to students from Yuba and Sutter counties, the program awards one-time
gifts of $500 or more to at least four students annually.

Applicants must be a senior currently enrolled in a public or private high
school with an average to above-average academic record, and plan to enroll as a
full-time student at an accredited school.

The student or his or her parents or guardians must be a current member of YSFB
for at least one year before the student's application.

The 2015 scholarship applications must be postmarked or returned -- no
electronic submissions -- by 5 p.m. April 24 to the Yuba-Sutter Farm Bureau
office, 475 N. Palora Ave., suite A, Yuba City CA 95991.

For an application, visit yubasutter.cfbf.com/Scholarships.aspx or call 673-6550
.

___ (c)2016 the Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, Calif.) Visit the Appeal-Democrat
(Marysville, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160214-MY-Education-Briefs-Feb-14-2016-0214-20160214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2016 Appeal-Democrat


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             April 3, 2015, Friday

State briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 618 words


Builder sues W.Va. property owners

BECKLEY- More than 100 property owners in West Virginia are being sued by the
developer of a proposed natural gas pipeline.

Mountain Valley Pipeline LLC's lawsuit seeks access to the properties to conduct
a survey for a possible pipeline route.

The lawsuit said the property owners have rejected the company's request to
enter their properties. The lawsuit names 103 individuals and three corporations
in 10 counties as defendants.

The Register-Herald reported that Mountain Valley Pipeline filed the lawsuit
last week in U.S. District Court in Beckley.

Earlier this month, families in Summers and Monroe counties filed a lawsuit
against the company seeking to prevent its agents from entering their
properties.

The pipeline would stretch about 300 miles from northwestern West Virginia to
Pittsylvania County in Virginia.

Attorney general shares fund totals

In a possible bid for governor, state Attorney General Patrick Morrisey says he
raised more than $310,000 over two months and has about $546,000 in cash.

In a news release Thursday, Morrisey said the totals account for a late January
fundraising start and a new $250,000 self-loan.

Morrisey's campaign said he may use the cash for re-election or the open
governor's race next year.

Democratic Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin can't run again because of limits.

Morrisey, Senate President Bill Cole and Congressman David McKinley are the
major Republicans who have expressed interest in the governor's race.

Democratic U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin is considering running for his old job as
governor.

Democratic state Senate Minority Leader Jeff Kessler has a campaign account for
governor with $60,800 transferred from an old committee.

WVU awarded $453,000 agriculture grant

MORGANTOWN - West Virginia University has been awarded $453,000 grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The grant is from the USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture. Nearly
$19 million is being awarded to universities around the U.S. to ensure a safe
and nutritious food supply and as well as the development of antimicrobial
resistance strategies.

The WVU grant is aimed at developing what the USDA says is innovative protein
sources for a growing population.

Four forests added to federal registry

GLEN JEAN. - Four West Virginia forests are being added to the Old Growth Forest
Network.

The first West Virginia forest to be added to the network of ancient forests is
one located in the federally protected New River Gorge National River. That will
occur on April 15.

The other old growth forests being dedicated by the network are Cathedral State
Park, Pierson Hollow of Carnifex Ferry Battlefield State Park and Gaudineer
Scenic Area in Monongahela National Forest.

West Virginia is joining a number of states that have forests in the Old Growth
Forest Network. They include New York, Massachusetts, Maryland, Pennsylvania and
Virginia, among others.

Deadline looms for college aid grants

The clock is ticking for West Virginia high school seniors to be considered for
a higher education grant to attend a state college or university.

The West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission said seniors and college
students have an April 15 deadline to apply.

Chancellor Paul Hill said the grant program is the largest need-based financial
aid program in the state.

In the 2013-14 academic year, the Higher Education Grant Program awarded nearly
$41 million to more than 19,000 students across West Virginia.

Awards are based on financial need. The grant may be renewed for up to three
academic years beyond the initial award.

For more information on the Higher Education Grant, visit the College Foundation
of West Virginia at www.cfwv.com.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  March 12, 1999, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

HEALTH NEWS & NOTES;
Food-borne illnesses decline

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 10F

LENGTH: 368 words


Diseases caused by two food-borne infections, salmonella and campylobacter,
dropped between 1996 and 1998, preliminary data from the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention suggest. Salmonella infections fell 13 percent and
campylobacter infections were 15 percent lower, according to data from the
Foodborne Diseases Active Surveillance Network, or FoodNet. The incidence of E.
coli, the bacterial infection usually spread through contaminated, undercooked
beef products, went from 2.7 cases per 100,000 population in 1996 to 2.3 in 1997
to 2.8 in 1998, which could be a normal fluctuation. CDC researchers do not
fully understand the reasons for the decline in illnesses but think prevention
efforts by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug
Administration may be working. Influenza deaths higher: Death rates this flu
season are running slightly higher than expected, the CDC said Thursday. The flu
season, which runs from late October through early May, got off to a slow start
but has heated up, with 43 states reporting outbreaks, the CDC said. For the
week ending Feb. 27, pneumonia- and influenza-related deaths accounted for 8.1
percent of the total deaths reported in 122 U.S. cities, the CDC said. The
agency had expected a rate of 7.5 percent or less. For the last three weeks in
February, in fact, the rate has run higher than CDC expectations. Officials said
flu season may not have peaked yet. Inherited genes and AIDS: Scientists have
found inherited genes that may explain why some people infected with HIV quickly
develop AIDS while others with the virus live for years in relatively good
health. The discovery has no immediate benefit for HIV patients, but it
increases understanding about how the virus attacks the body, said Mary
Carrington, one of the researchers involved in the study. In a genetic study of
about 500 people infected with HIV, Carrington and fellow researchers at the
National Cancer Institute found that differences in the inherited pattern of
what are called HLA Class I genes determined who became sickest the soonest and
who was able to hold off the disease progression. A report on the study appears
today in the journal Science.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 2, 2007 Friday
                             First Replate Edition

FOOD RELIEF: From Georgia to Ethiopia, farm bill counts

BYLINE: WILTON D. GREGORY, J. KEVIN BOLAND; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 836 words


Georgians and Georgia farmers have some experience with drought. And although
we've had some relief lately, lack of rain can be a serious problem for our
state.

But in eastern Ethiopia, drought and deforestation often spell agricultural
disaster for farmers and herders trying to earn a meager living from the land.
During the short rainy seasons, water that should bring sustenance rushes down
the steep hillsides, carrying precious topsoil with it. As a result, crops fail
and villagers suffer from hunger. This problem illustrates the crisis of
Ethiopia's perpetual battle against chronic food shortages.

In the village of Legedini, however, a gift of the American people is helping
the community to escape the cycle of hunger. The village residents built by hand
the low stone walls that climb the terraced hillsides. These terraces catch soil
as it washes from the tops of the hills, providing fertile ground to grow crops
and animal feed. The villagers were paid for their labor with U.S.-donated food
in this unique, self-help program.

Food aid, the provision of commodities like wheat, rice and vegetable oil to
communities in need, has served as the backbone of U.S. humanitarian relief for
over 50 years. It prevented starvation in Europe after World War II. It has held
at bay the recurrent threat of famine in Africa and South Asia. It has
undergirded contemporary relief after the Indian Ocean tsunami, the earthquakes
in Pakistan and catastrophic flooding in Central America.

However, food aid doesn't only save lives in natural disasters and emergencies.
American humanitarian organizations use food aid and other resources to address
chronic hunger and foster long-term development through a wide range of
programs. Food aid commodities combined with cash can advance education, health
and agricultural development, which help communities cope with disasters down
the road.

Current law directs that 75 percent of food aid must be used for development, or
long-term programs that help communities address entrenched problems, such as
hunger or a lack of clean water. But the law also allows this rule to be waived
--- and it is waived every year. Currently, just 25 percent of food aid is used
for long-term development programs. The rest is used during natural disasters
and other emergencies. Make no mistake; we must not let people starve. But there
are other ways to meet unexpected needs, such as supplemental budget requests or
tapping a grain reserve known as the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust.

What we can't do is cut out programs such as the Legedini Food Security Project
in Ethiopia. It stops the cycle of recurring hunger dead in its tracks.

There is a sensible solution to this dilemma through the farm bill currently
under consideration in Congress. You don't have to tell anyone in rural America
that this legislation deals with issues of great importance to our farmers. But
it is not well known that a key provision of the farm bill is the main vehicle
governing U.S. food aid programs. Catholic Relief Services and more than a dozen
other humanitarian agencies are urging Congress to mandate in the farm bill that
at least half of the U.S. food aid budget --- a minimum of $600 million --- be
set aside in a "safebox" to be used exclusively for development programs, such
as Legedini, that fight chronic hunger.

This type of designated funding would guarantee that we don't lose the fight
against chronic hunger by diverting almost all food aid to emergencies, such as
droughts or disasters. The $600 million safebox was included in the version of
the farm bill passed last month by the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee. We
urge the full Senate, and ultimately the House-Senate conference committee, to
preserve this provision in the final version of the farm bill.

The farm bill is extremely important to Georgia's farmers, who rely on it to
enable them to compete in the global marketplace. We understand and support our
fellow Georgians who depend on agriculture for their families. Congress must
provide the right tools to help them compete.

Georgians have big hearts and a long tradition of helping our neighbors in need.
Passing a farm bill with a safebox for food aid targeted for long-term
development will help our neighbors overseas, including the poor in Legedini and
the 70 million other impoverished people who each year benefit from food aid.
The food aid program funded through the farm bill provides the opportunity to
make real and lasting advances in the fight against hunger.

* Archbishop Wilton D. Gregory (left) leads the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of
Atlanta. Bishop J. Kevin Boland leads the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Savannah
and is a member of the board of directors of Catholic Relief Services.

HOW TO SUBMIT AN OPINION COLUMN: Submissions should be 750 words or less. E-mail
columns to dbeasley@ajc.com; fax them to 404-526-5610. Columns submitted to the
AJC may be published, republished and made available in the AJC or other
databases and electronic formats.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Archbishop Wilton D. Gregory (left) leads the Roman Catholic
Archdiocese of Atlanta. /ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Bishop J. Kevin Boland leads the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Savannah
and is a member of the board of directors of Catholic Relief
Services./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 8, 1997, Tuesday

Contamination scare is shriveling sales of fresh as well as frozen strawberries

BYLINE: BY JOHN MAGGS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A hepatitis outbreak traced to frozen Mexican strawberries is leading some
consumers to forgo purchases of all strawberries, including those grown in the
United States, according to a major U.S. strawberry processor.

""I know of three U.S. growers whose customers are cutting back purchases, ''
said Arthur Price, owner and chief executive of Global Trading Inc., of
Greenville, S.C., the largest U.S. processor of frozen Mexican strawberries.

Another processor, Andrews & Williamson Sales Co. of San Diego, sold some 2
million pounds of frozen strawberries from Mexico blamed for an outbreak of
hepatitis A that infected 175 people in Michigan.

In addition to the consumer safety issues, the scare plays into the hands of
U.S. farm groups and those opposed to free trade initiatives with Mexico.

In a related development, meanwhile, an executive at the U.S. plant that
processed the imported strawberries apparently had direct links to the Mexican
farm industry.

While federal authorities are still trying to determine the source of the
contamination, U.S. strawberry growers have seen a dip in fresh strawberry
demand, even though only frozen varieties have been implicated.

In addition, an official with the Ralphs grocery store chain in California said
the company had halted all sales of fresh Mexican strawberries, which accounted
for 30 percent of its strawberry sales.

Mr. Price said a U.S. Food and Drug Administration official told him the agency
should have the results of its first tests on the infected strawberries today or
Wednesday, and that these will likely rule out contamination before the fruit
reached A&W's plant.

DISTINCTION NOT MADE

Nevertheless, consumers may not make the distinction.

""It's like this with every food scare, '' Mr. Price said. ""The shopper will
continue to skip strawberries and pick up a cantaloupe.''

Mr. Price, who says he's been in the strawberry processing business for 30
years, says the U.S. executive at the center of the hepatitis scare - Fred
Williamson has owned and operated strawberry farms in the Mexican state of Baja
California .

Mr. Williamson resigned as president of San Diego-based Andrews & Williamson
Sales Co. last week after the company was accused of falsely labeling
Mexican-grown strawberries as being from California.

Mr. Williamson has been a longtime player in the strawberry business, with
interests in the United States and Mexico, according to growers and importers in
the Southwest. He also has been a major importer of cherry tomatoes from Mexico.

While scientists still don't know whether the strawberry contamination took
place in Mexico or in the United States, supporters of domestic growers continue
to use the food scare to push U.S.-raised fruits and vegetables.

""These strawberries from California are absolutely safe to eat,'' said state
Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman last week, wolfing down some fruit to prove
her point.

AIDS KIT MAKER

Andrews and Williamson is owned by Beaverton, Oregon-based Epitope Inc., a
company best known for a pioneering oral test kit for AIDS.

But the company's second-most important line of work is in genetic plant
engineering, particularly tomatoes and grapevines. People involved with the
Mexican tomato industry say Mr. Williamson is known to be an important player in
that business, in addition to his investments in Mexican strawberry plantations.

Andrews and Williamson referred all inquiries to Epitope, and Epitope officials
did not respond to questions about tomato or strawberry investments in Mexico.

It also is not clear whether Epitope's involvement in genetically engineered
tomatoes is linked in any way to Mr. Williamson's role in the Mexican industry.
Mexico has grabbed a larger share of the U.S. tomato market recently partly
because of its aggressive experiments with different strains of vine-ripened
tomatoes that have longer shelf lives than U.S.-grown varieties.

Andrews & Williamson spent some $36,000 last week to inoculate school children
exposed to hepatitis from the company's canned strawberries.

Mexican officials and some U.S. officials said it was unlikely that Mexican
growers were to blame for the contamination.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                         Washington Fire Safety Supply

                               13110 NE 177th Pl
                                     # 148
                             Woodinville,  WA 98072
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 425-398-2335
URL: http://www.washingtonfire-safety.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 5612380

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Washington Fire Safety Supply is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on
Bulbs, Exit Signs, Fire Extinguishers, First Aid, First Aid Supplies, and 10
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Washington Fire
Safety Supply does business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical
Industries, as well as 17 other major Manufacturing Industries. Washington Fire
Safety Supply has at least 4 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Plumbing Heating and Air-Conditioning
Contractors

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
23822000
SIC CODES:
17110301
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Bulbs
     ·    Exit Signs
     ·    Fire Extinguishers
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Guards
     ·    Door Alarms
     ·    Exit Signs
     ·    Fire Alarms
     ·    Fire Extinguisher Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Supplies


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonia
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Ammonium Phosphate
     ·    Argon
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gases
     ·    Gold
     ·    Granite
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Phosphates
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Sodium Bicarbonate



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Additives, Adhesive Tapes, Alcohol, Ammonia,
Ammonium, Ammonium Phosphate, Antibiotics, Antiseptics, Appliances, Applicators,
Argon, Aspirin, Bacitracin, Backgrounds, Bands, Black Diamonds, Boats, Bulbs,
Burn Kits, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Chemicals, Clothing, Coats, Computer Rooms,
Cotton, Data Management, Door Alarms, Earplugs, Elastic Bands, Electrical
Equipment, Electricity, Electronic Equipment, Exit Signs, Fire Alarms, Fire
Extinguisher Cabinets, Fire Extinguishers, Fire Hose, Fire Hose Nozzles, Fire
Protection Equipment, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid
Supplies, Gases, Gears, Gold, Gold Bars, Granite, Guards, Hand Tools, Hard Hats,
Hats, Hoods, Hose Nozzles, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Lacquers, Latex Gloves,
Lighting, Lights, Ointments, Oxygen, Patches, Phosphates, Plastic Adhesives,
Plastics, Respirators, Rubber, Safety Equipment, Safety Lights, Safety Products,
Scrapers, Sems, Service Vehicles, Sheets, Smoke Detectors, Sodium, Sodium
Bicarbonate, Solutions, Sprays, Sprinklers, Starters, Tags, Terminations,
Towelettes

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   April 10, 2004 Saturday Mishawaka Edition

Rural aid available for fixing, buying homes;
Low-, moderate-income levels qualify.

BYLINE: Tribune Staff Report

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 332 words


Extra help is available for those with moderate and low income who want to buy
or repair their homes in the rural parts of St. Joseph, LaPorte, Lake, Porter
and Jasper counties.

It's not a new program, but the U.S. Department of Agriculture has recently
passed along some extra funds.

To qualify, the house you are fixing or buying must be within certain boundaries
as determined by the USDA. In St. Joseph County, it is roughly to the south of
Roosevelt Road and west of Rush Road, but the line wiggles to include a chunk of
Crumstown.

Here are the various types of aid:

Home repair loans will be given for emergency needs since funds are limited,
said Steven Ballard, manager for Rural Development, a USDA program based out of
LaPorte.

If you are age 62 or older and cannot repay a loan, you can seek a repair grant,
but only to remove health or safety hazards or to make the home accessible.

To qualify for either the grant or loan in St. Joseph and LaPorte counties, your
annual income must be less than $20,100 for a single person and $28,700 for a
family of four. The income requirements are different in the other counties.

Rural Development is also offering loans to buy, build or repair a home, though
folks with higher income can apply for these.

To qualify in St. Joseph and LaPorte counties, your annual income must be less
than $32,150 for a single person and $45,900 for a family of four. The income
limit varies in other counties.

The loan's interest rate is 6 1/8 percent, but a subsidy can lower it to 1
percent depending on the person's income and other factors.

The home must have a price of less than $144,500, Ballard said.

The USDA provided an additional $4.4 million statewide for this program.

For more information or to see if you qualify for any of this aid, contact Rural
Development at (219) 324-6303, ext. 4, or e-mail at Steven.Ballard@in.usda.gov.
Or write to the office at 100 Legacy Plaza West, LaPorte, IN 46350.


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Cascadia Capital

                                  1000 2nd Ave
                                    Ste 1200
                               Seattle,  WA 98104
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 206-436-2500
URL: http://www.cascadiacapital.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.linkedin.com/in/daveebender
http://www.linkedin.com/in/hughc
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/bryan-jaffe/0/239/793
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/christian-schiller/1/220/155
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/craig-tall/10/702/259
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/james-doud/31/8a1/320
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/john-amato/0/3b7/10a
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/john-siegler/0/22/51b
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/kevin-cable/52/6a2/b13
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/michael-butler/4/885/8b8
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/mike-orbach/3/7a0/a52
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/paul-louie/0/23/27a/
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/paul-vander-vort/8/b5b/8b6
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/robert-jaffe/1/42b/322
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/tom-ryan/a/37/303
https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view
https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jamie-boyd/1/14/a62
https://www.linkedin.com/pub/michael-barber/2/301/54

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 5130501

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  Lean Manufacturer
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Cascadia Capital is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Guides,
Transitions, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Globes, and 18 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Cascadia Capital does business in the
Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 25 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Cascadia Capital has at least 3 business locations.
The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Investment bank serving
private and public companies with M&A, corporate finance and strategic advisory
services. Industry focused verticals include Consumer, Business Services, Auto
Aftermarket, Energy, Technology, Industrials, Healthcare, Real Estate."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Investment Banking

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
52393000
SIC CODES:
67990000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Guides
     ·    Transitions


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Globes
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Paper Products
     ·    Promotional
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Agricultural Packaging
     ·    Analytical Services
     ·    Business Services
     ·    Communication Services
     ·    Copyright Services
     ·    Grounding
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Columbium
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Iron
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Organic
     ·    PEEK
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Steel
     ·    Xenon


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agricultural Packaging, Aircraft, Analytical Services, Apparel,
Armament, Auctions, Backdrops, Backgrounds, Banking, Baseballs, Beds, Benders,
Boats, Booms, Bowls, Braces, Briefs, Building Products, Business Services,
Canopies, Channels, Coffees, Columbium, Communication Services, Computer
Systems, Consumer Electronics, Consumer Products, Containers, Copyright
Services, Cornerstones, Ducting, Elements, Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Food & Beverage, Games, Globes, Grids, Grounding, Guides, Hardware, Hats, Ice,
Indium, Iron, Launch Vehicles, LED Lighting, Lighters, Lighting, Mailing Lists,
Mezzanines, Natural Gas, Natural Gas Vehicles, Organic, Packaging, Panels, Paper
Products, Partitions, PEEK, Platforms, Polymers, Posts, Profiles, Promotional,
Replacement Parts, Rounds, Safety Products, Scales, Scopes, Sheets, Shoes,
Solutions, Speakers, Spikes, Spinning, Sporting Goods, Stakes, Steel, Suits,
Tablets, Targets, Telephones, Timbers, Tires, Transitions, Volleyballs, Wool,
Xenon

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           January 14, 2006 Saturday

Sunflowers might help in the fight against AIDS

SECTION: NEWS/STATE

LENGTH: 393 words


N

By DAVE KOLPACK

Associated Press Writer

FARGO, N.D. (AP) - Local agriculture officials are upbeat about a German study
showing that a sunflower plant could be used in new drugs to fight the disease
that causes AIDS.

Scientists at the University of Bonn discovered the link while they were looking
at antifungal properties the sunflower uses to fight off sclerotinia, a disease
commonly known as white mold.

Brady Vick, a chemist for the USDA's sunflower research unit in Fargo, said the
results come from reputable scientists who have a tradition of finding natural
chemicals to treat diseases.

"It's exciting for the Germans, they're the ones who discovered it," Vick said
Monday. "It's kind of a surprise announcement. I don't know how they made the
connection."

The findings could help promote further research and marketing for the crop,
said Larry Kleingartner, executive director of the National Sunflower
Association in Bismarck.

"It's very preliminary, quite frankly," Kleingartner said. "We are checking
within different levels of Washington to see if there's potential for some
accelerated research on this."

Sunflower groups spend about $500,000 a year on research to fight white mold, he
said. It also affects soybeans, canola and edible beans.

"It's interesting to see this very complex plant disease as a potential source
of medicine for a very difficult human disease," Kleingartner said.

White mold cost farmers more than $100 million in 1999 and 2004, Kleingartner
said. It can show up in the roots during growing season or infect the head
during cool and wet weather in late summer.

"It can wipe out a whole field within a couple of days," Vick said.

The antifungal substance used in the AIDS drugs is also found in the artichoke
and wild chicory. Researchers said it would be cheaper to make the drug from the
sunflower plant.

"It's important to note that the apparent HIV antiviral compounds identified in
the Bonn study occur within the sunflower plant, not the edible seed or oil of
sunflower," Kleingartner said. "However, we already know that sunflower seed and
oil have proven nutritional and health benefits unrelated to the defense
chemicals within the plant that it uses to defend itself against fungal
diseases."

Officials at the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases in
Bethesda, Md., were not immediately available for comment.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 14, 1988, Thursday, City Edition

Drought-relief effort bogged in Congress

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



WASHINGTON - The congressional effort to write a drought-relief    package was
swept off track Wednesday by a flood of special-interest    amendments, as
President Reagan, about to embark on a visit to    America's farmlands, warned
he would not accept wholesale revisions of    current farm law.

     What began Monday as a bipartisan approach to helping farmers
disintegrated Wednesday into a noisy bazaar, with lobbyists lining the
hallways and lawmakers pitting home regions and favorite commodities    against
each other.

     House Agriculture Committee members churned out at least 53    amendments
to the basic draft bill; there were 31 in the Senate    Agriculture Committee,
with more likely.

     Sen. David H. Pryor, D-Ark., said the pressures were mounting along    with
reports of crop losses. "As the drought gets worse," he said,    "the intensity
of expectation increases."

     During a White House meeting Wednesday with American Farm Bureau
Federation officials, Reagan cautioned that he did not want Congress to    use
the drought as a pretext for revising current farm law.

     "Extraneous matters, such as rewriting the existing farm bill,    would
only deter our efforts to provide this much-needed aid," Reagan    said as he
repeated his support for "taking whatever actions are    necessary" to help
farmers through one of the century's worst    droughts.

     Reagan said he would insist that relief go "to those who need it    most,"
that farmers who purchased federal crop insurance be given the    same aid as
those who did not, that the relief bill not require farmers    to do
"unreasonable things" such as plowing under crops and that it    "must not bust
the budget."

         Meanwhile, agriculture experts insist that recent rain - up to    4
inches over some of the flatland region - won't help much of the    already
damaged corn crop. But the Reagan visit, they say, is a good    gesture on the
president's part and should help get federal aid for    farmers who have
substantial crop loss.

     Reagan is scheduled for stops in Moline, Ill., and neighboring
Davenport, Iowa, before he returns to Washington.

     "Even though it has rained, when the president looks at the crops,    he's
going to see a bad situation," said Steve Newman of the Illinois    Farm Bureau.
"As you know there's nothing like looking at the problem    square in the face
and making some decisions."



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 21, 1991, Thursday

U.S. pledges $ 1.4 billion aid package for Soviets

BYLINE: By T. Elaine Carey and Marcia Kunstel STAFF CORRESPONDENTSagricultural;
food; officials; soviet; organizations; negotiations

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 284 words


Washington - Amid growing concern about the possibility of hunger and civil
unrest in the Soviet Union this winter, the White House on Wednesday announced a
$ 1.4 billion aid agreement made with the 12 Soviet republics.

Only $ 164 million will be in the form of direct emergency aid, said
presidential spokesman Marlin Fitzwater. The remaining $ 1.25 billion will be
credits for the purchase of U.S. farm commodities.

Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan said at a briefing that all 12 Soviet
republics, through an inter-republic committee, agreed to be responsible for the
debt and will jointly decide the mix of commodities purchased and how much goes
to each republic.

The $ 1.25 billion will guarantee commercial bank loans for the purchase of U.S.
grain, and $ 165 million of free food will be provided, mainly through private
organizations.

The Agriculture Department is negotiating with the United Way, CARE, World
Vision Relief and the Seventh-day Adventist Church to distribute the food, a
department official told The New York Times.

A much smaller but still undetermined amount of money will be used to build a
model farm in the St. Petersburg area; to construct model wholesale food markets
near Moscow and Kiev; to send American agricultural extension workers; and to
provide credit guarantees for loans to private Soviet-American ventures in
Soviet food processing and distribution, Mr. Madigan said.

The aid plan is far below the $ 3.5 billion the Soviets requested from the
United States to get through the winter, but Mr. Madigan said more may be
available by spring. The $ 1.25 billion in credits will be freed in four
installments between now and April.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 22, 2010 Wednesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

IT'S MORE EXPENSIVE TO IGNORE POVERTY

BYLINE: ARCHIE LAW

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 629 words


Kevin Rudd has a chance to show true leadership to the world

TOMORROW,, Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd is representing Australia at a UN summit
in New York to review progress on the Millennium Development Goals for halving
extreme poverty and hunger by 2015.

For the first time since being ousted as prime minister, Rudd will rub shoulders
with the likes of US President Barack Obama, French President Nicolas Sarkozy
and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.

The summit will provide him with an opportunity to demonstrate true leadership
to the world.

Despite being a nation of generous individuals, Australia's record on foreign
aid leaves much to be desired. We languish towards the bottom of the league
table for the amount of foreign aid we provide as a percentage of our gross
national income.

Australia provides just three cents per $100 of income to overseas aid -- or
0.33 per cent of gross national income.

Under Rudd's prime ministership, Australia committed to increase this to 0.5 per
cent, but now the UN is calling on governments to contribute at least 0.7 per
cent of national income to reach the Millennium Development Goals by the target
date of 2015.

Many other developed countries have already reached this target. In fact, some
are contributing more than 1 per cent of national income to aid.

With nearly 4.5 million children dying each year before their fifth birthday,
largely because of malnutrition, the case for increasing our aid program is
obvious.

However, the problem of global poverty and hunger is not just a moral challenge.
For the financially minded, the good news is that addressing the problem is far
cheaper than ignoring it.

For example, let's take a closer look at Millennium Development Goal One, which
aims, among other things, to halve hunger by 2015. According to the UN, to reach
this goal, an extra $40 billion in aid is needed each year to support
agricultural and food security programs that increase self-sufficiency in food
production.

To put that in perspective, a recent ActionAid report found hunger was costing
poor nations more than $450 billion annually through reduced worker
productivity, poor health and lost education. That means fighting hunger is now
10 times cheaper than ignoring it.

It is thus particularly disappointing that the report found Australia was a
laggard in aid to agriculture -- contributing less than one-third of its fair
share.

In fact, underinvestment in agriculture globally over the past decade means 20
of the 28 poor nations measured are off track to halving hunger by 2015; 12 of
these are going backwards.

In sub-saharan Africa, just under a third of the population was chronically
malnourished last year. If trends continue, nearly 50 per cent of Africans could
be going without enough food by 2020.

And it isn't just the poorest, war-torn and disaster-struck countries of the
world that are not doing well. Some of the world's wealthier countries are
shockingly off track.

In India, one of the world's emerging global economic successes, one in five of
the population is hungry and close to half of all children are malnourished.

It's not all bad news, however. By investing more in local agriculture,
governments can feed their people and regenerate rural economies.

Recent research has pointed to the vital role that agriculture played in China's
initial take-off.

Agriculture was estimated to have contributed to poverty reduction four times
more than growth in the manufacturing or service sectors.

Meanwhile, many other countries have slashed hunger rates by increasing
investment in small-scale farmers -- in particular women farmers.

Safety nets are also important to help small farmers keep planing and harvesting
through tough times.

Archie Law is chief executive of anti-poverty agency Action Aid Australia

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 5, 2010 Friday

BRIEF: Area farmers are eligible for federal drought disaster aid

BYLINE: Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


Nov. 05--U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has granted Gov. Steve Beshear's
request for disaster assistance to Kentucky farm families in 91 counties --
including Daviess, Hancock, McLean, Muhlenberg and Ohio -- because of the severe
drought conditions that began Aug. 1.

"The current drought has critically impacted our agriculture sector, including
early harvests with reduced yields and loss of water supply for livestock," the
governor said.

A secretarial disaster designation provides farm families, meeting eligibility
requirements, the opportunity to be considered for disaster assistance from Farm
Service Agency, including emergency loans and Supplemental Revenue Assistance
Payments.

Farmers in eligible counties have until July 3 to apply for emergency loan
assistance. SURE Program applications for 2010 crop losses will be accepted in
2011, when the 2010 farm revenue data becomes available.

Information about USDA's Disaster Assistance Programs and the secretarial
disaster designation process are available at www.fsa.usda.gov by clicking on
the Disaster Assistance Program link in the left-hand column.

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101105-OW-BRF-Area-farmers-are-eligible-for-federal-drought-disaster-
aid-1105-20101105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2010 Messenger-Inquirer


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    April 6, 1990, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

STATE FARM-ADVOCACY OFFICIALS OFFER DIM VIEW BEFORE AID CONCERT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 187 words


ST. LOUIS: U.S. agriculture remains in crisis, even though federal officials say
things are looking up down on the farm, the head of the Missouri Rural Crisis
Center said Thursday. Bill Christison, president of the farm group based in
Columbia, Mo., passed through St. Louis on his way to the Farm Aid concert this
weekend in Indianapolis. Christison, who lives near Chillicothe, Mo., was
accompanying six other farmers.  Roger Allison, the center's executive director,
said Farm Aid had donated $280,335 to Missouri farmers since 1985. Much of the
money provided food, payments for utility bills or propane fuel, Allison said.
Christison says the nation needs a farm policy that helps farmers and consumers,
not food corporations.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO by Wayne Crosslin/Post-Dispatch ... Merle Hansen (right),
president of the North American Farm Alliance, at a press conference here
Thursday.  With him (from left) are farmer Al Reger from Newtown, Mo., and
activist Jim Carson of the People's Coalition of Missouri.

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                               September 15, 1999

Lessons we can learn from abroad

BYLINE: This Week Nick Brown Has Been Discussing With European Commission
Officials The Possibilities Of Emergency Aid For Britain'S Farmers. But As
Farming Editor Carol Trewin Reveals, Other Governments Seem Able To React To
Agricultural Crises With More Speed And Determination To Solve The Problems

SECTION: Supplement: Farming

LENGTH: 1405 words


While the farming industry staggers from one crisis to the next, the region's
farmers have been hoping for positive signals indicating where their future lies
and how they will arrive there. So far they have been disappointed.

Two major meetings between Agriculture Minister Nick Brown and the farming
unions, and between the Welsh Agriculture Secretary, Christine Gwyther, Northern
Ireland Minister Lord Dubs, and Scottish Parliament's Rural Affairs Minister
Ross Finnie have both ended inconclusively.

All farmers have as an indicator of how the Government is thinking is another
consultation document on the interpretation of the Agenda 2000 Common
Agricultural Policy reforms, the possibility of a cull ewe scheme and a review
of the burden of regulation.

Even though farming leaders had anticipated that CAP reform would be difficult
and painful, most would privately admit that they could not have forecast that
the industry's problems would have come, as Hamlet put it, in battalions rather
than as single spies.

What it desperately needs now is a feeling that the Government is batting on its
side, rather than in thrall to political ideals, largely dominated by the
Americans. (Think genetically modified foods, liberalised world markets and so
on.)

However a quick glance across the Atlantic and the English Channel reveals a
very different political approach to dealing with some of the problems created
by a world glut of some commodities - including milk, pork and lamb - and the
collapse of key markets in Russia and the Far East.

It is no wonder the French President, Jacques Chirac, famously said "non" at the
EU summit in Berlin last March, thus almost singlehandedly overturning the
radical CAP reform proposals, leaving the British, Danish and Swedish
delegations spluttering into their steins of beer.

The French both revere and fear their farmers. Unlike in Britain, the rural vote
is still a significant factor in French politics, and French farmers have never
been afraid to start protesting at the drop of a "chapeau". Only last week
tonnes of imported apples were unceremoniously dumped in the centre of Avignon,
and from Deauville to Marseilles farmers are staging a series of demonstrations
against the "injustice" of recently imposed American import tariffs on - among
other things - Roquefort cheese. Never mind that only 440 tonnes of Roquefort's
total annual production of 18,000 are exported to the USA.

So it would seem that despite their best intentions, few French politicians
choose to be seen supporting any political decisions that could give their
farmers any further encouragement to block roads and disrupt commerce.

It is no surprise to learn that struggling pig farmers have received 300 million
French francs in direct state aids to help them through their difficulties.
European Union officials have declared this to be an illegal subsidy, but
observers in France say the French Government has discovered a "long forgotten"
EU regulation to avoid repayment to Brussels. And to ensure the industry's
future, rather than allow it to go into free fall with the collapse of many
businesses, the government has forbidden any further expansion of the national
pig herd until the world market improves - having discovered that the number of
sows declared and the actual number farmed failed to tally.

The losses caused by the stringent requirement to cull entire cattle herds
following an outbreak of BSE would make British farmers weep, particularly with
cull cow values now around GBP 300. No problem in France. On average the
compensation paid for every potentially BSE-infected animal is between 12,000 -
13,000 French francs. The French government has also decided, independently of
Brussels, to maintain the calf processing aid scheme.

Unlike in Britain, where young farmers are struggling to get a foothold on the
farming ladder, or are so disenchanted with future prospects that they are
turning their back on the industry in droves, the French believe passionately in
keeping young blood coming into the industry.

So there are incentive schemes ranging from a 50% tax rebate in the first five
trading years, to reduced social security payments and subsidised loans - with
interest rates between two and 3.5% - of up to 940,000 Fr Fs for farm
improvements and modernisation.Then there is a wide selection of local authority
grants and incentives, again to encourage young entrants and certain types of
farming, depending on the region. For instance in Burgundy, newcomers can apply
for a 50,000 franc "mobility" grant, which is never repaid, if they have
travelled over 50 kilometres to start farming.

If French farmers benefit from positive support from their Government, the story
in the USA is even more remarkable. In the last year Britain's farmers have been
watching events across the Atlantic with a mixture of envy, admiration and
incredulity.

Following the 1996 Freedom to Farm bill, the US was held up in many quarters as
the model the UK should eventually emulate. Production quotas disappeared,
export tariffs were to be abolished, farmers paid a lump sum of money depending
on their size and enterprises, and left to get on with producing whatever
commodity they liked, to meet market demands and conditions.

Preparing for the World Trade Organisation talks, which begin in Seattle in
November, the Americans have been sending out a clear message - that they are
not to be messed with and that free trade, at world market prices, is where they
are going and that they intend to lead from the front.

So it is strange to hear, three years after the bill that was supposed to
liberalise American agriculture, that the US Senate is about to sign off $7.6
billion of "disaster relief", to add to previous state hand outs to the nation's
farmers, that include $200 million aids to pig producers, $20 million grants to
help seasonal and migrant farm workers, $337 million in emergency loans and $42
million for flood damage.

Despite US Agriculture Secretary, Dan Glickman's view that this aid does not
compromise the country's position in the forthcoming WTO round because it is
"disaster relief" rather than direct aid payments, observers elsewhere are
asking "what price the Freedom to Farm bill now?"

The Americans' recent actions over the so-called beef wars, imposing 100% import
tariffs on selected European products, including Roquefort cheese, were a clear
indicator of the US mood where trade affecting their products is concerned. This
is seen as mere sabre rattling warming up for the bigger issues between the USA
and the Europeans when the EU moratorium on the bovine growth hormone BST runs
out at the end of this year, and as more GM crops are grown. The US clearly will
not be messed with if their exports are threatened.

So it was surprising - or was it - to hear that the US government recently
slapped 100% import tariffs on Australian and New Zealand lamb. Why? To protect
domestic production which is apparently in a slump. The Aussies and the Kiwis,
two of the USA's partner countries in the so-called Cairns Group which has been
formed to give a coherent voice in the WTO talks, are furious.

Back on this side of the Atlantic, farmers say this confirms their view that the
US Government is not to be trusted and is clearly happy to change the rules when
it suits its own circumstances. Dan Glickman may be hawkish in public when
setting out the country's position for future negotiations, but on the domestic
scene transmogrifies into a dove.

What is clear is that anything is possible, if the political will is there, to
keep farmers farming - but it requires a willingness to be adaptable, or even
imaginative with the terms used to describe aid packages. While acknowledging
that a short-term financial aid package would keep a few businesses from
bankruptcy, most British farmers know that a small sticking plaster will not
stop the lifeblood haemorrhaging from the industry.

What they want is a long term structure, a structure that is determined by a
positive and supportive political attitude rather than one that appears to be in
permanent opposition. And although the "level playing field" is a concept many
farmers, and indeed the British Government, believe in, it is clear that even
that is only as level as individual nations wish it to be. Sadly the UK
Government still seems a long way from achieving either.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: NEW FREEDOM: For farmers in the USA production quotas have disappeared
and they are free to produce whatever they like to meet market demand French
farmers unload apples into the street in protest against US sanctions on French
products Tractors and trailers block a French road as farmers demonstrate
against negotiations in Brussels to reform the European CAP policy Tonnes of
fruit and vegetables lie on the streets of Aix en Provence in southern France -
the farmers' method of demonstrating their claim that supermarkets chains were
crushing their profits

                      Copyright 1999 Western Morning News


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               www.lahearing.com

                              7083 Hollywood Blvd
                                    Ste 302
                              Hollywood,  CA 90028
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 323-463-7109
URL: http://www.lahearing.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Hearing-Aid
-Services-of-Hollywood/1487260341530914
https://plus.google.com/112177262159029886073/posts

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 29415214

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
www.lahearing.com is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Hearing Aids,
Packaging, and 2 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. ,
www.lahearing.com does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive
Industries, as well as 25 other major Manufacturing Industries. ,
www.lahearing.com has at least 2 business locations. The company describes
itself via it's website thusly: "Hearing Aid Services of Hollywood, established
in 1940, is a full-service audiology and hearing aid practice offering the
latest digital hearing aid products. Jeff Grama, our audiologist, has been
evaluating hearing and fitting hearing aids for over 36 years. We work with the
leading hearing aid manufacturers, including Oticon, Phonak, Widex, Siemens and
GN ReSound. Our patient satisfaction is among the highest in the nation, as
evidenced by Mr. Grama's recent selection as U.S. Western Regional Hearing
Professional of the Year."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; All Other Health and Personal Care Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
44619900
SIC CODES:
80990202
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Glass
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silica
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alarm Clocks, Angles, Arrows, Automobiles, Backgrounds, Bands,
Barrels, Battery Contacts, Battery Testers, Beads, Briefs, Brochures, Buttons,
Channels, Cleaners, Clothing, Coats, Compounds, Computer Chips, Conductors,
Contaminants, Coping, Cosmetics, Dials, Differentials, Digital Instruments,
Dishes, Domes, Drawers, Dressers, Ear Molds, Earplugs, Electronic Equipment,
Elements, Felt, Filters, Fire Alarms, Flashing, Flashing Lights, Flats,
Freezers, Gears, Generators, Glass, Graphic Displays, Guards, Guides, Gum, Guns,
Headsets, Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Invitations,
Lace, Lights, Loudspeakers, Machinery, Magnesium, Mailing Lists, Masks,
Measures, Metal Detectors, Microphones, Molds, Organs, Packaging, Panels,
Pictures, Plastics, Potentiometers, Radios, Ramps, Receivers, Refrigerators,
Remote Controls, Rifles, Rings, Rubber, Rubber Plugs, Salt, Shoes, Showers,
Signals, Silica, Silicone, Silicones, Solutions, Speakers, Special Clocks,
Special Filters, Spices, Spoons, Sprinklers, Stethoscopes, Storage Boxes,
Swimming Pools, Targets, Telephone Coils, Telephones, Testers, Testing Machines,
Testing Rooms, Traffic Lights, Transistors, Volume Controls, Wire

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     FEBRUARY 29, 1996 Thursday SF EDITION

HOUSE NARROWLY REJECTS PROPOSALS TO END SUGAR AND PEANUT SUBSIDIES < WORK BEGAN
ON THE REFORM OF FARM POLICIES ADOPTED< DURING THE DEPRESSION. A FINAL VOTE IS
LIKELY TODAY.

BYLINE: Robert Greene, ASSOCIATED PRESS, This article contains information from
Reuters.

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 575 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Southerners and their farm-state allies narrowly defeated moves yesterday to
kill federal sugar and peanut subsidy programs as they began work on a bill that
would make the greatest change in farm policy in 60 years.

After hearing threats that sugar from Cuba might find its way to U.S. shores,
the House voted 217-208 to continue quotas on sugar imports and maintain price
supports for domestically grown cane and beet sugar.

By a similar 212-209 margin, it voted to continue a Depression-era peanut
program that limits who can grow the crop and, according to foes, guarantees
producers a price that is twice the world market price.

The General Accounting Office, a congressional watchdog agency, estimates that
the sugar program inflates what Americans pay for food by $1.4 billion and says
the peanut program adds $500 million to their shopping bills.

The votes were the first floor skirmishes as the House began acting on a major
overhaul of farm programs that would end decades-old subsidies for corn, cotton,
wheat and other major crops. A final vote on the bill is expected today.

The measure ends the system of near limitless spending for major crop subsidies
accompanied by government controls on planting. To ease the switch and its
impact on land values, the bill guarantees farmers fixed, declining payments
over seven years independent of crop prices.

Once the House bill is passed, House and Senate negotiators must work out
differences. The Senate passed its version on Feb. 7.

Core proposals are the same for both bills because they were passed by Congress
in the balanced-budget legislation that President Clinton vetoed last year.
Since then, the Senate added conservation, nutrition, rural development and
other segments that raised the cost of the bill but were needed to win
Democratic support.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has recommended a veto in part because the
bill ends the old safety net that pays farmers when crop prices fall but not
when prices rise.

MEDICAID AND WELFARE. The White House could not accept bipartisan Medicaid and
welfare reform proposals crafted by U.S. governors in their current form, Health
Secretary Donna E. Shalala said yesterday.

Laying out the administration's position in detail for the first time, Shalala
told the Senate Finance Committee the administration urged a number of major
changes to the plans, adopted unanimously by the governors Feb. 6.

But she said if Congress and the administration worked on a bipartisan basis to
strengthen protections for children, guarantee benefits to the poor, and require
states to put up more of their own money, a broad compromise was possible.

On welfare, the administration believes the governors' proposal giving states
control of welfare and limiting aid to five years does not provide enough
protections for children and may allow states to cut their own welfare spending.

Shalala wants Congress to provide vouchers to aid children whose parents lose
benefits, require states to spend 100 percent of what they spent on welfare in
1994 in order to tap into a federal emergency fund, provide extra federal aid in
case of recession, and eliminate a provision in the governors' plan letting
states take over foster care programs.

Republican leaders want to attach the governors' proposals to a must-pass bill
to increase the nation's $4.9 trillion debt limit, to be debated early next
month.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     October 4, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

Soviet Economic Treaty Called 'Vital' for Aid;
U.S. Envoy Urges Republics to Sign Accord

Margaret Shapiro, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19

LENGTH: 816 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW, Oct. 3, 1991


U.S. Ambassador Robert Strauss said today that an economic accord among
republics of the Soviet Union is "vital" to persuade Western countries to
provide the large infusion of aid that Soviet officials say they need to make it
through the winter.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan, on tour here to assess the food
situation, said Washington also wants detailed explanations of actual economic
needs to support a Soviet request for $ 10.2 billion in assistance.

Soviet leaders here no longer are predicting famine this winter, Madigan said,
but they stress that without significant aid, severe shortages will occur,
leading to even greater social and political instability as the country
continues to unravel.

New Soviet statistics released today confirm that the harvest is below past
years, in part because of poor planning, poor weather and lack of transportation
or fuel, the Tass news agency reported. It said 151.7 million tons of grain had
been harvested throughout the country, in contrast to 211.5 million tons last
year, raising the possibility of bread shortages soon. The sugar beet, cotton
and potato harvests also are below expectations, Tass reported.

Strauss said in an interview that the new economic accord approved in principle
by a majority of Soviet republics, but not yet signed by most of them, is "the
most significant thing that could happen for the Soviet economy." A failure to
sign it in the coming days, he said, would be "a terrible setback" as leaders of
the Group of Seven leading industrialized democracies prepare to meet in Bangkok
to decide how much aid to give this moribund economy.

"It's not for us to say what should or shouldn't be in it," Strauss said, "but
signing an economic treaty is . . . going to have a significant impact on the
[Group of Seven] when they meet in Bangkok. It is very, very vital."

On Tuesday, 12 republics agreed in principle to a new economic confederation, or
commonwealth, to replace the centralized economic structure of the Soviet Union.

The agreement left many important issues to be worked out later, however, and it
is far from clear how such a confederation would work, or even whether the
legislatures of the various republics will go along with the plan. So far only
Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Byelorussia have formally adopted it.

Madigan said the chaotic economic situation has been evident as U.S. officials
try to pin down Soviet officials on details of the $ 10.2 billion in aid that
Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev told officials of Europe's Economic Community
this week that his country needs.

That amount "is not a figure that we have yet been able to make coincide with
what we know," Madigan said after meetings with top Soviet agriculture and
economic officials.

The agriculture secretary said Soviet officials told him that, in addition to
problems with the wheat harvest, they expect shortages of 1.5 million tons of
meat, 5.7 million tons of milk and 3.7 billion eggs this winter. But, he said,
"They do not expect there will be something as dramatic as famine. There will be
shortages that could result in some social unrest."

The chaotic situation in the country was also apparent in political matters
today. Gorbachev announced a delay in the start of the new Supreme Soviet
legislature because many republics have either not yet decided to participate or
have not selected delegations. The session was supposed to begin Oct. 8 but now
is slated to open Oct. 21.

Splits among the republics over military matters were also apparent today. The
Ukrainian defense minister said his republic needs armed forces "as a guarantor
of democracy and independence," and the Byelorussian prime minister suggested
that his republic might not be willing to give up the nuclear weapons stationed
on its territory.

"We do not want nuclear weapons," Prime Minister Vyacheslav Kebic said. "But
let's be honest and recognize that the NATO alliance still exists, and it does
possess armed forces -- which means that the first line of defense in Western
countries' path is in Byelorussia and the Ukraine."

In the Ukraine, Defense Minister Vladimir Grinev said his republic too should
keep its nuclear weapons: "I don't especially like what [Russian President]
Boris Yeltsin said, that Russia would grab all the nuclear weapons. That causes
tension."

The Reuter news agency reported from Moscow:

Rebel national guardsmen started pulling out of the capital of Soviet Georgia
today after a month of armed confrontation with supporters of President Zviad
Gamsakhurdia.

The withdrawal seemed to play into the hands of Gamsakhurdia, who has maintained
that the opposition in the southern republic was trying to mount a coup. But
rebel commander Tengiz Kitovani, who says he has 7,000 men under his command,
told a crowd of about 1,500 people that the retreat was just a change of
tactics.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, U.S. AMBASSADOR ROBERT STRAUSS.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 11, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

WASHINGTON IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A05; WASHINGTON IN BRIEF

LENGTH: 438 words


A New Role for Criminal Division?

The public interest lobby group Common Cause yesterday proposed shifting
responsibility for investigating high-level government corruption from
independent counsels to the Justice Department's criminal division, which would
get new powers.

The group opposed letting the independent counsel law expire on June 30 without
enacting new procedures to ensure thorough investigations of top federal
officials suspected of misconduct. To do so, it said in a letter to the Senate
Governmental Affairs Committee, would leave investigations of the president and
his administration open to public suspicion.

Common Cause proposed giving the assistant attorney general in charge of the
criminal division power to investigate allegations of crimes by high-level
officials. That official's decisions could not be overruled by more senior
Justice Department officials unless the reasons were spelled out in a public
memorandum.

GOP to 'Explore' Clinton's Tax Plans

Congressional Republicans yesterday signaled a willingness to consider President
Clinton's proposals to close corporate tax shelters, but they derided most of
the president's $ 89.7 billion in net tax increases.

House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Bill Archer (R-Tex.) told Treasury
Department officials at a hearing that the GOP will "explore" the 11 proposals,
which would raise an estimated $ 11.7 billion in revenue over the next 10 years.

The Ways and Means panel was not so receptive to 75 other revenue-raising
proposals included in Clinton's budget for fiscal 2000.

Farmers Must Wait Until June for Aid

Farmers counting on $ 2 billion in congressionally approved disaster aid will
have to wait until June to get it, according to Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman.

In a letter to Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.)
and House Agriculture Committee Chairman Larry Combest (R-Tex.), Glickman said
administering the aid is "far more complex than past natural disaster assistance
programs."

And he said the department is inundated with aid disbursements during this
tumultuous farm year, including assistance packages of $ 50 million for hog
farmers and $ 200 million for dairy farmers.

Combest said the delay was "unacceptable."

Many in Congress have complained that USDA is moving too slowly in administering
aid to farmers. Congress approved the money as part of a $ 6 billion emergency
package late last year as commodity prices were in a free fall. Prices have done
little to rebound since then, making some members of Congress angry at the slow
dispersal process.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Rigging & Tools Inc.

                                  2031 Lee Ave
                              Bismarck,  ND 58504
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 701-224-1122
URL: http://www.riggingandtools.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 39449934

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Rigging & Tools Inc. is a company focussed on Hoists, Safety Equipment, Face
Shields, First Aid, First Aid Kits, and 12 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Rigging & Tools Inc. does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Construction Industries, as well as 11 other major
Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Distributor Of Sheet Abrasives"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42383000
SIC CODES:
50850000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hoists
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Face Shields
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Goggles
     ·    Hard Hats
     ·    Inspection Mirrors
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    Vise Grips


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Banding
     ·    Business Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Chalk
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Rubber


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Die Grinders
     ·    Drill Presses
     ·    Grinders


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  3M, Dbi/sala, Fabri-Tech Inc., Jepson Power Tools, Magna
Lifting Products Inc., RIDGID


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasives, Air Hose, Arch Punches, Aviation Snips, Awls,
Banding, Benches, Benders, Binders, Boots, Brads, Brochures, Brooms, Brushes,
Bulbs, Business Services, Cable Pullers, Cable Wire, Chalk, Chests, Chisels,
Cleaners, Cord, Custom Manufacturing, Degreasers, Die Grinders, Drill Bits,
Drill Presses, Extension Cords, Extractors, Eye Nuts, Face Shields, First Aid,
First Aid Kits, Flashlights, Funnels, Gasket Punches, Gaskets, Gasoline Cans,
Gears, Generators, Glass Cleaners, Goggles, Grease Guns, Grinders, Guns, Hand
Cleaners, Hand Tools, Hard Hats, Hats, Hoists, Hose Fittings, Hydraulic
Fittings, Hydraulic Pumps, Impact Sockets, Impact Wrenches, Insert Bits,
Inspection Mirrors, Jacks, Levers, Lights, Load Binders, Lubricants, Masonry
Drills, Measuring Tapes, Measuring Tools, Nippers, Nut Drivers, Nut Setters,
Nylon, Oil Cans, Paint Brushes, Pliers, Plumb Bobs, Pressure Washer, Pressure
Washers, Pry Bars, Pullers, Rags, Rasps, Reamers, Rounds, Rubber, Rulers, Safety
Equipment, Safety Products, Screwdrivers, Shackles, Shovels, Snatch Blocks,
Snips, Sockets, Tape Dispensers, Tarps, Toggles, Tool Boxes, Tool Pouches,
Torches, Trouble Lights, Turnbuckles, Utility Carts, Utility Knives, Vise Grips,
Vises, Visors, Washers, Water Coolers, Wedges, Winches, Wire, Wire Brushes, Wire
Rope, Wrecking Balls, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Zee Medical Service Company

                                4915 Pershing Dr
                               El Paso,  TX 79903
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 915-587-7111
URL: http://www.swfirstaid.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/581769265199893
http://www.facebook.com/BenchmarkFR
http://www.facebook.com/HearForever
http://www.facebook.com/HowardLeightbyHoneywell
http://www.youtube.com/HLHearForever
https://plus.google.com/109602156030481346662
https://plus.google.com/s/benchmarkfr
https://twitter.com/BenchmarkFR
https://twitter.com/howardleight

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 36988848

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, ASTM
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Zee Medical Service Company is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on
First Aid, Safety Products, First Aid Kits, Landscaping, Packaging, and 5 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Zee Medical Service
Company does business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries,
as well as 17 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Medical Dental and Hospital Equipment and
Supplies Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42499000
SIC CODES:
51999912
CAGE CODES:
1J394
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Ethyl
     ·    Ethyl Alcohol
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Isopropyl Alcohol
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    PVC
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sodium


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Service Disabled Veteran Owned, Veteran Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Adhesive Tapes, Air Flow Controls, Alcohol, Anesthetics,
Antacids, Antibiotics, Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Back Support Belts,
Belts, Caffeine, Canvas, Caplets, Channels, Chemicals, Chutes, Clothing,
Communication Systems, Consumer Products, Cotton, Cotton Canvas, Cotton Gloves,
Cotton Tip Applicators, Coveralls, Cuffs, Disinfectants, Disposable Gloves,
Earplugs, Ethyl, Ethyl Alcohol, Feet, Fiber, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flow
Controls, Forming, Gels, Glass, Gold, Guides, Hardware, Hearing Protection,
Hoods, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Ice, Isopropyl Alcohol, Jerseys,
Landscaping, Lasers, Leather, Leather Gloves, Lenses, Lights, Lime, Measures,
Mechanisms, Metal Cabinets, Mounting Brackets, Mountings, Nitrile Gloves,
Nitriles, Ointments, Outerwear, Packaging, Pants, Patches, Pens, Pillows,
Plastic Cabinets, Plastics, Polyester, Polyethylene, Polyurethane, Posters,
Posts, Protective Clothing, Protectors, PVC, Radios, Respirators, Rings, Safety
Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Products, Safety Vests, Shirts, Silver, Sleeves,
Sodium, Solutions, Sprays, Sunscreens, Support Belts, Swabs, Tablets,
Telephones, Thermometers, Uniforms, Vans, Vests, Wire, Work Gloves, Zees,
Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                            April 27, 2002 Saturday

John Heilman, Falls Church, Va.

SECTION: OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 233 words


John Heilman, 83, of Falls Church, Va., and formerly of Hanover, died April 11,
2002. He was the husband of Margara Heilman, his wife of 25 years.

Born July 8, 1918, in Hanover, he was the son of the late Harry F. Heilman and
Anna Mae Peterman Heilman.

He was a graduate of Hanover High School's class of 1935. After graduating from
Penn State College in 1939, where he studied agricultural engineering, economics
and rural sociology, he joined the U.S. Department of Agriculture. There, he
held various positions with the Farmers Home Administration, and was later
appointed Chief of Farm Management/Agricultural Economics in Washington.

He worked in Venezuela for the American International Association from 1948 to
1959, and for the Venezuelan government on several industrial and agricultural
projects until he was named deputy regional director for Latin America with the
Agency for International Development [AID]. He held several managerial positions
with AID in Korea [1960-1962], Pakistan [1962-1964] and Washington.

In 1964, he was named head of the economic section of the U.S. Embassy [with the
rank of minister] and director of USAID in Argentina; and in 1974, he was
appointed associate director in Vietnam.

Surviving also are a daughter, Ellen Shatzer of Laurel, Md.; a sister, Julia J.
Heilman of Hanover; three grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Evening Sun


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday

Grant to aid with Hardin County plan

BYLINE: Bart Mills, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


Sept. 01--KENTON -- A grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture could help
one of the state's hardest hit counties climb out of an economic rut.

Officials for Ohio's Rural Community Assistance Program and the USDA Rural
Development office were in Kenton Thursday to announce a $175,105 grant that
will be split between Hardin, Jefferson and Morgan counties. The money will help
the communities develop long-range strategic plans as a way to deal with the
decades of job loss and economic deficiencies they have been dealing with.

John Hohn, director of Economic Development for the Hardin County Chamber and
Business Alliance, said the money will help them move ahead with the planning.

"CEDS -- which stands for Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy -- is
designed to bring together the public and private sectors in the creation of an
economic road map to establish goals and objectives." Hohn said.

The Hardin County chamber partnered up for the grant with the WSOS Community
Action Commission representing Wood, Seneca, Ottawa and Sandusky counties. The
funds will help them draft a road map for developing some much-needed programs
for the community, said Barb Wingfield, director of the Hardin County Chamber.

"These strategic planning tools are much needed, and with the help of WSOS, many
projects we've dreamed and talked about for several years finally will become a
reality," Wingfield said.

The three counties were chosen for the grant because they are among the hardest
hit by Ohio's economic troubles.

Hardin County has experienced economic distress through the years beginning in
the mid-1970s when one of the largest employers began layoffs. The county has
never fully recovered from this loss, and unemployment in Hardin County in
October was measured at nearly 11 percent, representing 1,600 people out of
work, out of a labor force of 15,000. Average unemployment in 2009 was 12
percent, significantly higher than the Ohio average of 10.2 percent.

___ (c)2011 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110901-LM-Grant-to-aid-with-Hardin-County-plan-20110901

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2011 The Lima News


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 14, 2009 Monday

Farm subsidies smaller for Washington County

BYLINE: Nick Reisman, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


Dec. 14--EASTON -- Wisps of white steam escaped from the young heifers at Sean
and Sandy Quinn's farm in Easton.

As people passed by on a cold Friday morning, the cattle lifted their heads from
the feed they were munching on moments before, their black eyes bulging in
surprise.

The Quinns' farm received about $32,000 in direct payments from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, according to a database compiled by the Washington,
D.C.-based Environmental Working Group.

The money was the most given to any farm in Washington County in 2007, the last
available year of the data.

But the amount pales in comparison to what farms in other parts of the state --
mostly western New York near the Finger Lakes region -- receive in aid from the
federal government.

Washington County is one of the largest dairy-producing counties in state,
ranking sixth overall. But in terms of federal aid and support in the form of
direct payments, the county ranked 16th within New York, according to USDA data.

Counties like Cayuga, Livingston and Ontario -- where farms tend to be fewer in
number but larger in scale than in Washington County -- benefited the most from
the money.

Cayuga in western New York has nearly the same amount of farms as Washington
County but received $1.8 million in direct aid, making it the largest recipient
of federal money in the state.

Livingston County, which has 801 farms, 44 fewer than Washington County,
received $1.7 million, according to the agriculture census.

Part of what is at issue is that many of these farms and counties benefit from
being close to the Finger Lakes, said Sandy Buxton, a business educator at the
Washington County Cornell Cooperative Extension.

"That's identified as a watershed and as a key location," Buxton said, adding
that some of the payments are awarded for efforts to mitigate environmental
runoff.

Farmers are essentially told not to use certain areas due to the environmental
hazards and impacts of agriculture.

"It's basically conservation reserve money to not farm ground or maintain it for
filter fields or preserve habitat," she said.

At the same time, dairy payments alone aren't as generous when compared to
diversified farming.

"If dairy is your primary thing, you're not going rise that high on the list,"
Buxton said. "If you have a more mixed agriculture community doing some grain
and doing some other types of crops, that may receive some level of substitute
payment, or be considered a high risk location."

U.S. Rep. Scott Murphy, D-Glens Falls, however, cautioned that not all direct
payments are the same.

"I think looking at it in the aggregate, you probably miss a lot of the
nuances," Murphy said in a phone interview last week.

Many of the subsidy programs vary in nature and different farms vary in need, he
said.

"That's the result of a lot of different programs," Murphy said. "I haven't
heard anybody complaining about this aggregate issue."

Murphy added that right now, he and other representatives of agriculture-reliant
districts are focused on helping the flagging dairy industry, which continues to
deal with low wholesale prices. Sean Quinn, the Easton farmer, said he takes the
funding in stride.

"Sometimes it seems very fair and sometimes it seems so far-fetched and out of
whack," he said.

Quinn prefers allowing the free market to sort out the travails of the
agriculture industry, and said the political support -- from lawmakers to the
local farm bureau -- the area receives is excellent.

"If you're having trouble, they throw you some help," Quinn said. "We have
excellent representation in this area."

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091214-GN-FARM-SUBSIDIES-20091214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2009 The Post-Star


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Five counties eligible for federal aid

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 268 words


May 09--Five Southern Colorado counties received federal drought designation
Wednesday.

Alamosa, Conejos, Costilla, Huerfano and Las Animas counties received the
designation from Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, according to a letter to
Gov.

John Hickenlooper. The counties will be added to other counties on the Eastern
Plains that already have had drought declarations.

The designation allows farmers to apply for emergency loans and other assistance
from the Farm Service Agency. Colorado's U.S. senators hailed the decision.
"Colorado and the West are experiencing one of the most severe droughts on
record. This ongoing drought threatens farm jobs and our agricultural economy
throughout the state," said Sen. Mark Udall, D-Colo. "We need to act -- and soon
-- on a new Farm Bill that strengthens farmers' and ranchers' hands as they
confront this ongoing drought."

"While areas of Colorado received late-season snow that brought some much-needed
moisture to our state, the drought over the past several years has tortured
crops and pastures around the state -- and dry conditions continue to persist in
many counties," said Sen. Michael Bennet, DColo. "These disaster designations
will provide critical assistance to farmers and ranchers to help offset their
losses due to the recent drought."

Snowpack in the Rio Grande and Arkansas River basins remains well below peak
levels and irrigated farms typically use 85 percent of the water.
cwoodka@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130509-PB-Five-counties-eligible-for-federal-aid-0509-20130509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 29, 1999, Friday

US red meat trade expected to run big trade deficit

BYLINE: BY RICHARD LAWRENCE

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 858 words


The United States is moving towards a substantial deficit in red meat trade next
year, at least in tonnage terms, agriculture analysts forecast.

U.S. beef, veal and pork exports will decline about 4 percent to 5 percent in
volume from record 1999 levels, according to latest U.S. Agriculture Department
estimates. Meanwhile, beef imports are expected to rise sharply, perhaps by 7.5
percent, to a new all-time high as pork imports fall slightly.

This year, analysts estimate, the United States will export about one ton of
beef, veal and pork for every ton it imports. But not so next year, they
predict. Imports of these meats, expected to total about 1.73 million tons, will
outpace exports by more than 150,000 tons, the first substantial deficit since
the mid-l990s. Nonetheless, they note, exports will remain at close to record
levels.

Moreover, their estimates may understate U.S. pork and beef export prospects,
since they do not factor in possibly large new U.S. food aid shipments to
Russia.

Also helping mitigate the latest export forecast is the fact that traders should
earn more for every ton they sell, given that U.S. prices are expected to rise.

Prices lie behind much of the Agriculture Department's trade forecast. As U. S.
beef supplies tighten and prices increase, some consumers may turn from beef to
cheaper meats, cutting back beef exports. At the same time, higher U. S. prices
may attract more imports.

A major factor in this year's strong export showing is the East Asian economic
recovery. Japan alone buys about one-half of all U.S. beef, veal and pork sold
abroad. Falling trade barriers are helping export sales. And in the months
ahead, a possible depreciation of the U.S. dollar, which many economists expect,
would help make U.S. meat more competitive.

The importance of exports for U.S. meat producers was underlined by a recent
National Pork Producers Council report showing that U.S. pork exports have risen
80 percent in value since 1995. The industry, it said, soon expects to eclipse
Denmark as the world's No. 1 pork exporter.

Exports are also becoming much more vital to U.S. beef producers. About 8
percent of U.S. beef output now goes for export, compared to 1.5 percent in
1985, notes Chuck Lambert, chief economist for the Denver-headquartered National
Cattlemen's Beef Association.

Both the Cattlemen's Beef Association and the Des Moines-based Pork Council are
among the U.S. agricultural community's strongest advocates of a new round of
World Trade Organization market access negotiations. They seek to further
reduce, if not eliminate, foreign tariffs, import quotas and subsidies, to clear
the way for a greatly expanded meat trade.

U.S. pork is sold to 115 countries, many of them granting only minimal market
access, while other countries completely bar pork, the pork council said. Even
sales to Japan, by far the biggest foreign buyer of U.S. pork, could ""explode''
if Japan opened its market wider, the council contends.

The cattlemen's association foresees especially large export gains if the
European Union could be persuaded to ""unlock'' its beef market and China joins
the WTO, sharply paring its tariffs and taking other trade liberalizing steps.

For more immediate help, beef and pork producers are pressing the Clinton
administration to provide more food aid to cash-starved Russia.

This year the Agriculture Department is financing exports of 50,000 tons of U.S.
pork and about the same amount of beef for Russia. Producers now urge a second
food aid package of up to 150,000 tons of pork, which, they argue, could help
prevent a repeat of last year's disastrous decline in hog prices. Beef producers
hope that any new aid package would include at least as much beef, in particular
variety meats, as was provided this year.

In general, however, pork exports next year look relatively flat, given the
Agriculture Department forecast of a 5 percent drop in tonnage next year to
544,000 tons. But if the government steps up its food aid to Russia, total
exports might rise slightly, analysts say.

Sales to Japan and Mexico, the two largest foreign markets, are expected to stay
at this year's levels. Exports to South Korea, another big market, may keep
rising, though more slowly than this year's exceptionally torrid pace. Sales to
Taiwan and Hong Kong also look promising. Large European Union export subsidies
may limit U.S. gains, however.

U.S. imports of pork, up almost 20 percent this year, may fall about 3 percent
next year, Agriculture Department analysts say. Canada, which supplies over half
of all U.S. pork imports, may concentrate more next year on other markets,
particularly Asia.

Private analysts appear more optimistic than Agriculture Department forecasters
about the beef industry's export prospects. Next year, said Lambert of the beef
association, exports will probably rise, but at a slower pace than this year.
(Through August, they were up about 8 percent in value from a year earlier.)
Sales to Japan will keep growing, he said, especially if, as anticipated,
Japan's economy improves and the yen stays strong.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo - Cattle grazing in a field in Kansas. U.S. exports of beef are
expected to decline next year while imports will grow, widening the trade
deficit in this sector.;

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Overland Experts LLC

                             112 Hemlock Valley Rd
                             East Haddam,  CT 06423
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 860-873-9640
URL: http://www.overlandexperts.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/overlandexperts
http://www.facebook.com/alfiebvx
http://www.facebook.com/OverlandExperts
http://www.flickr.com/photos/overlandexperts/
http://www.youtube.com/user/OverlandExperts
https://twitter.com/OverlandExperts

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 10067912

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Overland Experts LLC is a supplier focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Bridging, Rentals, Spinning, and 5 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Overland Experts LLC does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture,
and Automotive Industries, as well as 26 other major Manufacturing Industries.
Overland Experts LLC has at least 3 business locations. The company describes
itself via it's website thusly: "Off-road driving school. Overland recreational,
professional and military training. 4x4 travel. - Overland Experts"
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Automobile Driving Schools

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
61169200
SIC CODES:
82990000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Bridging
     ·    Rentals
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Mining
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Ethers
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Rubber


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Pizza Cutters


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Ithaco Inc., Premier Power Welder LLC, Rigid Industries


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Air Compressors, Alcohol, Auctions, Axle Bearings, Backgrounds,
Balloons, Beads, Bearings, Beds, Bells, Boats, Boots, Brakes, Breathers,
Bridging, Briefs, Building Materials, Bulbs, Bulldozers, Bullets, Buttons, Cabs,
Can Handles, Canvas, Capes, Carbon, Cement, Channels, Cloth, Clothing,
Compasses, Compressors, Cotton, Credit Cards, Differentials, Disc Brakes, Domes,
Drivelines, Elements, Ethers, Feet, Felt, Firearms, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flashlights, Flats, Floor Mats, Games, Gear Bags, Gears, Globes, Glue, Grasses,
Gravel, Grids, Guides, Guns, Hardware, Hats, Herbs, Hiking Boots, Hoods, Hot Air
Balloons, Hubs, Ice, Instructional Materials, Iron, Jacks, Jewelry, Lamps,
Leather, LED Lighting, Lift Jacks, Lifts, Light Bulbs, Lighting, Lights,
Lockers, Lug Wrenches, Lugs, Mailing Lists, Mattresses, Measures, Memory Cards,
Military Vehicles, Motorcycles, Oil Pans, Organizers, Patches, Pictures,
Pillows, Pills, Pizza Cutters, Platforms, Pliers, Portable Compressors, Posts,
Powder Coating, Powder Coatings, Pulley Blocks, Radiators, Radios, Ratchets,
Reamers, Registers, Removers, Rentals, Repair Kits, Rims, Rounds, Rubber, Rubber
Gloves, Satellites, Scales, Screwdrivers, Seats, Shackles, Sheets, Shelters,
Shovels, Snacks, Snow Chains, Snowmobiles, Soap, Sockets, Solutions, Spinning,
Sprays, Springs, Stop-Offs, Suits, Sunscreens, Suspensions, Swimwear, Tables,
Telephones, Tents, Tie Rods, Tire Repair Kits, Tires, Tool Boxes, Tool Kits,
Towels, Transfer Cases, Transitions, Transmissions, Trophies, Utility Vehicles,
Valve Stems, Wheel Drives, Wheel Spacers, Winches, Yurts

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 12, 1998 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Wheat board warns US on food aid;
Commodities

BYLINE: BEN MITCHELL: Regional Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 253 words


The chairman of the Australian Wheat Board, Mr Trevor Flugge, has cautioned the
United States Government not to use its surplus wheat as food aid for Indonesia.

Mr Flugge told the Rural Press Club yesterday that any plans to use wheat in
food aid would undermine Australia's multi-million-dollar trade with Indonesia
and trigger a strong response from the AWB.

Mr Flugge said the AWB expected the wheat trade with Indonesia to return to
normal within 12 months.

Mr Flugge also urged the Agriculture Minister, Mr Mark Vaile, to sign off on the
AWB's new constitution as soon as possible.

A new constitution is needed before the AWB can be privatised in July under the
timetable established in legislation that has already passed through Federal
Parliament.

The new grower-controlled company has to have in place a multi-billion-dollar
borrowing program to fund next year's harvest payments.

The new constitution has been the source of division within the industry, with
many growers reluctant to make the AWB fully commercial.

Many growers believe they will lose control of AWB policy after the $550million
privatisation.

Mr Flugge moved to allay their fears yesterday, saying that all wheat producers
would have a veto over what happened.

Mr Flugge also moved to mollify the Grains Council of Australia, which wants a
$150million cap on the amount of capital the AWB can buy outside its normal
business operations once it is privately owned.

He said the AWB would have a conservative acquisition program after it was
privatised.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Field of contention: Any plans by the US to use wheat in food
aid would trigger a strong response from the AWB.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1998 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Berkeley Fire Dept

                                1 Beech Tree Ln
                               Irvine,  CA 92612
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 949-724-6818
URL: http://ci.berkeley.ca.us/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 14130744

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Berkeley Fire Dept is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on First Aid,
Pictures, Commercial Buildings, First Aid Kits, Garages, and 17 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Berkeley Fire Dept does business in
the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as 30 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Berkeley Fire Dept has at least 9 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Official web
site of the City of Berkeley, California"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Unclassified

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Pictures
     ·    Commercial Buildings
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Garages
     ·    Grasses
     ·    Greenhouses
     ·    Shelters
     ·    Showers
     ·    Work Gloves


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Business Services
     ·    Event Planning
     ·    Food Packaging
     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Recycling Services
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Carbon
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Glass
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Organic
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polystyrene
     ·    Polystyrene Foam
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Agitators


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Minority Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Agitators, Albums, Ambulances, Analyzers, Aspirin,
Auctions, Backgrounds, Backpacks, Baked Goods, Barrels, Beacons, Bellows,
Bicycles, Biologicals, Blank Checks, Boats, Bowls, Brochures, Building
Materials, Building Products, Bulbs, Bullets, Business Services, Cable Modems,
Calculators, Calendars, Carbon, Carbon Monoxide Detectors, Catalysts, Chairs,
Chemicals, Clothing, Coins, Collectors, Commercial Buildings, Compost,
Containers, Controlled Substances, Cosmetics, Credit Cards, Curbs, Decals,
Decks, Drain Pipe, Electric Vehicles, Electricity, Event Planning, Feet, Felt,
Fences, Fire Alarms, Fire Hydrants, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Food
Packaging, Garages, Generators, Glass, Globes, Governors, Grasses, Greenhouses,
Guides, Hats, Hazardous Materials, Headers, Hot Tubs, Hubs, Insulation, Intakes,
Landscaping, License Plates, Lighting, Lights, Lockers, Measures, Modems, Motor
Oils, Motorcycles, Natural Gas, Nets, Organic, Organs, Overalls, Packaging,
Paddles, Panels, Paper Bags, Pass Throughs, Pictures, Pins, Plastic Containers,
Plastics, Polystyrene, Polystyrene Foam, Portable Generators, Posts, Profiles,
Quick Links, Rakes, Ramps, Rechargeable Batteries, Recycling Services,
Registers, Rentals, Rims, Roofing, Rubber, Rubber Bullets, Scopes, Scrap, Seed,
Shelters, Shoes, Showers, Smoke Detectors, Snacks, Solutions, Springs, Stairs,
Steel, Steel Castings, Storage Lockers, Street Lights, Suits, Sunscreens,
Tables, Targets, Telephones, Terminations, Tins, Tires, Toilets, Training
Workshops, Transitions, Trimmings, Tubs, Uniforms, Washers, Water Heaters, Water
Supply Systems, Weatherstripping, Work Gloves, Workstations, Yachts, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                     Eastern Connecticut Ear Nose Throat PC

                                  36 Watson St
                             Willimantic,  CT 06226
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 860-456-0287
URL: http://www.easternctent.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 5521301

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Eastern Connecticut Ear Nose Throat PC is a distributor, and supplier, and
focussed on Hearing Aids, Solutions, Banding, and 3 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Eastern Connecticut Ear Nose Throat PC does
business in the Agriculture, Biomedical, and Chemistry Industries, as well as 17
other major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via it's
website thusly: "Eastern Connecticut Ear, Nose and Throat - Sinus Center -
Willimantic, Norwich and Colchester"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Healthcare

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Solutions


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Banding


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alcohol, Antibiotics, Antigens, Automobiles, Backgrounds,
Balloons, Banding, Beds, Brochures, Catheters, Chemicals, Chests, Clothing,
Cosmetics, Electro-Optical, Environmental Control, Environmental Controls,
Feeds, Furniture, Grasses, Guides, Hearing Aids, Lifts, Lights, Linings,
Measures, Mechanisms, Medical Devices, Molds, Organs, Oxygen, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Pillows, Plastics, Posts, Radios, Rounds, Sheets, Soap,
Solutions, Springs, Targets, Vessels, Wool, X-Ray, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                JRH Enterprises


                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 912-379-9441
URL: http://www.jrhenterprises.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.youtube.com/user/SurvivalReport
https://twitter.com/robertjrhenterp

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 36943974

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  MIL SPEC
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
JRH Enterprises is a supplier focussed on Body Armor, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Gears, Tourniquets, and 6 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. JRH Enterprises does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and
Automotive Industries, as well as 18 other major Manufacturing Industries. JRH
Enterprises has at least 2 business locations. The company describes itself via
it's website thusly: "JRH Enterprises has provided quality emergency
preparedness and survival supplies since 1992 including PVS 14 Night vision
devices, Thermal imagers, long term food storage, Mountain House, medical and
first aid kits, tactical gear, body armor, perimeter alarms, BNVD"
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Mail-Order Houses

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
45411300
SIC CODES:
59619913
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Body Armor
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Gears
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Milling


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Machining
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Carbon
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Composites
     ·    Ethanol
     ·    Iron
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Grinders


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Additives, Armor Plates, Backpacks, Beacons, Biologicals, Body
Armor, Buttons, Carbon, Ceramic Filters, Ceramics, Chemicals, Chests, Clothing,
Compasses, Composites, Crackers, Credit Cards, Dehydrators, Ethanol, Feeds,
Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Gears, Goggles, Grinders, Guides, Gutters,
Handguns, Heat Detectors, Helmets, Imaging Cameras, Infrared Sensors, Intrusion
Detectors, Iron, Jackets, Lasers, Lights, Lightweight Armor, Magnetic Sensors,
Magnifiers, Masks, Mil Spec, Military Clothing, Military Tents, Milling,
Multipliers, Mylar Bags, Padding, Panels, Passive Infrared Sensors,
Preservatives, Profiles, Protective Masks, Radiation Detectors, Registers,
Respirators, Rifles, Seed, Shirts, Sockets, Steel, Submersibles, Survey Meters,
Syringes, T-Shirts, Tents, Thermal Imaging, Thread, Tourniquets, Transmitters,
Uniforms, Water Filters, Water Purifiers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 24, 1997 Friday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 389 words


FARGO -- Senators from North Dakota and South Dakota urged the federal
Agriculture Department Thursday to extend emergency aid to ranchers hit hard by
a recent rash of blizzards. And Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., said he is upset the
USDA reneged on a promise to provide long-term aid to the ranchers as well.

Across the Plains, tens of thousands of cattle are dead or in danger of dying
because of the weather. Some have frozen in recent blizzards, while others
starved because they cannot find feed, or because their snowed-in owners have
been unable to get it to them. The USDA approved an emergency program last week
to help farmers and ranchers who are having difficulty feeding their animals
because of blizzards. It includes cash reimbursements to cover feed costs, cash
assistance for snow removal and direct grain donations from the Commodity Credit
Corp. Dorgan said while the aid is ""welcome and helpful,'' the feed assistance
is set to expire Saturday. Dorgan and Sen. Tom Daschle, D-S.D., met Thursday
afternoon with USDA officials to request that the expiration date be extended
indefinitely and that the reimbursements be expanded to cover other hardships
ranchers may encounter from the storms. ""It is clear to us that this crisis in
North Dakota as a result of the subsequent winter storms is going to be a crisis
that is going to last for quite some time,'' Dorgan said. For that reason, he
said the aid should be extended as well. The North Dakota office of the federal
Farm Service Agency has received reports of nearly 13,000 cattle deaths in the
state so far this winter. The number is expected to be even higher in South
Dakota. Dorgan said he is confident the USDA will consider the request and he
hopes to have an answer by today. But at the same time, Dorgan said he is upset
at the agency for failing to keep a promise to provide long-term aid to the
ranchers. The USDA, according to Dorgan, agreed to a program in which it would
share the cost of buying animal feed in future months for ranchers who need it
because of the storms. ""They announced a program that I learned today they are
not providing,'' Dorgan said. USDA officials told him they were unaware at the
time that rules prevent the agency from issuing such a program unless farmers
suffered at least 40 percent loss of their hay or feed grain crop.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   November 25, 1993, Thursday, METRO EDITION

High anxiety can boost men's blood pressure

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 355 words


   CHICAGO (Medical Tribune) - High anxiety can lead to high blood pressure in
men, according to a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Middle-aged men who feel very tense and anxious are twice as likely to develop
high blood pressure in the next 20 years as those who are calm, the study found.

The results suggest doctors should begin treating middle- aged men who are very
anxious with relaxation training, biofeedback and other psychological therapies
aimed at preventing the development of high blood pressure, wrote the main
author of the study, Dr. Jerome Markovitz of the University of Alabama in
Birmingham.

Fido's fleas may be

cause of allergy

Some people are allergic to other people's cats and dogs but not their own,
creating a long-standing medical puzzle that may now be solved, the Chicago
Tribune reports. People who sneeze and wheeze around other people's pets may be
allergic to the pets' fleas and not animal dander, says entomologist Richard
Brenner of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Researchers found proteins in
flea feces, shells, skin and other debris can cause allergic reactions.

Estrogen cuts risk

of heart disease

Besides easing menopausal symptoms, estrogen replacement therapy may reduce
women's risk of heart disease and stroke, according to a study of nearly 3,000
women aged 65 years and older. "These findings suggest that postmenopausal
estrogen use may be associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease in
women well into the eighth decade of life," Dr. Teri Manolio of the U.S.
National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute says in the Chicago Tribune.

AIDS vaccine

tests are delayed

Plans to test possible AIDS vaccines in large numbers of U.S. volunteers will be
delayed at least until the end of 1994, because of deeply disappointing results
in recent small-scale tests, New York Newsday reports. The potential vaccines
had seemed to work against special strains of the AIDS virus cultivated in the
laboratory. But in tests, all but one of the vaccines failed to stimulate immune
responses against real-life strains of the virus.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 23, 1989

India angry over US 'cancer corn'

BYLINE: By MARTIN WALKER in Washington

LENGTH: 325 words


INDIA has complained to the US Department of Agriculture that corn delivered
under a US food aid programme has been contaminated with a carcinogenic fungus,
aflatoxin.

The fungus has proliferated in the drought that has gripped the Mid-west corn
belt for the last two years, and has now spread to Texas.


Federal inspectors have already confirmed that so far this year they have
blocked the export of four million bushels of US corn infected with aflatoxin,
but varying levels of the fungus have been detected in 24 million bushels.

The shipment to India was checked and approved when it left the US in June. It
appears that the fungus, which is not easy to detect, may have developed on the
journey. The aflatoxin was discovered in a 100,000-tonne shipment loaded in
Seattle and New Orleans, which are at opposite ends of the US.

Corn is the mainstay of the US food aid programme, and the contamination batters
the image of generosity the US tries to win through its aid. The detection of
aflatoxin in corn sent for a school meals project in Guatemala earlier this year
has been the target of propaganda by anti-government guerrillas.

The growing international alarm over aflatoxin is beginning to threaten
America's food exports, its most valuable single export industry.

Mexico has begun strict border checks to monitor US corn imports, and the
discovery of aflatoxin on corn being loaded onto ships bound for Spain, Saudi
Arabia, and Japan has raised the alarm among US customers worldwide.

Traditionally, corn has only been checked at seaports when export contracts
require that each cargo be checked for moisture and foreign matter.

Mexico established its own border controls when state officials in Texas sealed
silos and elevators to prevent locally-grown corn from being sent to food
processing plants after it was found to contain 'many times the level of
aflatoxin considered safe for consumption.'

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Challenger Drilling Inc.

                              14102 Pine Meadow Ln
                               Tomball,  TX 77377
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 281-290-8335
URL: http://www.challengerdrilling.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 14842592

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Challenger Drilling Inc. is a company focussed on First Aid, Transmissions,
Crude Oils, First Aid Kits, Directional Drilling, and 6 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Challenger Drilling Inc. does business in
the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 23 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Challenger Drilling Inc. has at least 2 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Challenger
Drilling Safe, Efficient HDD Solutions"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
23899000
SIC CODES:
16230000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Transmissions
     ·    Crude Oils
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Directional Drilling
     ·    Drilling Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    PVC
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alcohol, Angles, Anodes, Augers, Beacons, Beds, Booms, Bowls,
Brochures, Building Blocks, Cabs, Cathodic Protection Equipment, Cathodic
Protection Systems, Chemicals, Coasters, Consoles, Control Centers, Cooling
Systems, Cranks, Crude Oils, Defibrillators, Diesel Engines, Directional
Drilling, Drill Bits, Drill Heads, Drill Pipe, Drilling Fluids, Drilling
Services, Excavators, Feeds, Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Forklifts,
Generators, Guides, Impressed Current Anodes, Loaders, Measures, Mud Pumps,
Natural Gas, Nets, Overalls, Pinions, Pipeline Coatings, Posts, PVC, PVC Pipe,
Railroads, Rings, Shoes, Shoring, Signals, Sleeves, Socks, Solutions, Spindles,
Steel, Suits, Tailgates, Thread, Tracking Systems, Transmissions, Vises, Well
Casings, Wellheads

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 24, 2006 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Henry asks Bush for agriculture aid ;
State farmers and ranchers would get help for drought

BYLINE: Michael McNutt, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 414 words


Gov. Brad Henry is asking President Bush to push for reauthorizing two programs
in which state farmers and ranchers would be partially reimbursed for losses
caused by the drought.

"Oklahoma is facing its most serious drought in history," Henry wrote in a
letter to Bush and U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns.

Henry wants the Agriculture Department's crop disaster and livestock assistance
programs activated.

"Despite the recent rain in parts of the state, the drought has taken a massive
toll on Oklahoma farms and ranches. Our producers are in desperate need of help
during this difficult period," the governor wrote.

Jim Reese, state executive director for the Agriculture Department's Farm
Service Agency in Stillwater, said the programs would provide aid to partially
compensate for losses.

"It's not just line up and get money, you have to prove that you had a loss and
we have to be able to document it, and then we pay a reduced percentage," Reese
said.

Farmers and ranchers would not have to pay back the money, he said.

"It doesn't cover the whole loss," Reese said. "In the past ... if you have 100
percent loss, you might get compensated for somewhere between 30 to 40 percent
of the loss. If you lose the whole crop, it might give you some assistance to
put your next crop back in or in the case of cattle producers if they don't have
any grass it would allow them to be compensated for hay or feed that they were
forced to buy."

Wheat farmer Myron Bradt of Alva said the programs would help.

"We had a pretty shy wheat crop this year in the state of Oklahoma, lots of
abandoned acres that never made it to harvest that were intended for harvest,"
he said. "The problem was if you drilled early enough and got wheat pasture and
you put cattle on your wheat, there just wasn't enough moisture to support both
cattle and the wheat crop."

Previous aid was approved Reese said Congress granted the crop disaster and
livestock assistance programs in 2005 for state farmers who suffered losses
during 2003 and 2004 and also approved the programs in 2003 for losses during
2001 and 2002.

"It's not like it's a program sitting out there that we can access anytime," he
said. "It has to be passed by Congress."

Because of the drought, the state has received three natural disaster
declarations dating to Jan. 1, 2005. The designations allow state producers to
be considered for low interest loans from the Farm Service Agency.

"I'm not sure farmers need more debt," Bradt said.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Plast-Aid Corp.

                               3161 Fish Creek Rd
                             Estes Park,  CO 80517
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 970-577-1000
URL: http://www.plast-aid.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 29516750

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Plast-Aid Corp. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on Scales,
Rentals, and 2 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
Plast-Aid Corp. does business in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automotive
Industries, as well as 15 other major Manufacturing Industries. Plast-Aid Corp.
has at least 2 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Plast-aid, the ultimate repair tool, fix and repair broken items and
creates custom parts in your repairing, home improvement, home repair, plumbing,
swimming pools, spa, hot tub, gardens, hobby, antiques, crafts, model airplains,
model trains, appliances, autos, cars, trucks, hardware , plastics."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Adhesive Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
32552000
SIC CODES:
30890000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Scales
     ·    Scales


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Marine
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acetates
     ·    Acid
     ·    Butyl
     ·    Butyl Acetate
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Epoxy Resins
     ·    Glass
     ·    Granite
     ·    Iron
     ·    Marble
     ·    Plastic Materials
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    PVC
     ·    Resins
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Urethane


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Treadmills


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetates, Acid, Aluminum Housings, Anchor Bolts, Anesthetics,
Appliances, Boats, Brakes, Butt, Butyl, Butyl Acetate, Catalysts, Cement,
Ceramics, Charms, Chemicals, Closet Bolts, Clothing, Commodes, Compounds,
Containers, Cookers, Cranks, Custom Fittings, Degreasers, Door Locks, Drain
Pipe, Drawers, Emblems, Emergency Telephones, Epoxy Cement, Epoxy Resins,
Fasteners, Faucet Handles, Faucets, Feeds, First Aid, Forming, Furniture,
Garages, Garden Tool Handles, Garden Tools, Garden Trowels, Gears, Glass, Glue,
Granite, Guns, Hardware, Hot Tubs, Iron, Jerseys, Jugs, Kitchen Sinks, Lacquers,
Lenses, Lights, Marble, Measures, Molds, Motorcycles, Ovens, Paneling, Panels,
Patches, Pianos, Picnic Tables, Pictures, Plastic Handles, Plastic Materials,
Plastics, Polish, Polyethylene, Polypropylene, Pool Supplies, Post Office Boxes,
Posts, Printers, Protective Clothing, Putty, PVC, PVC Pipe, Rakes,
Refrigerators, Remote Controls, Rentals, Resins, Respirators, Rubber, Safety
Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Showers, Salt, Scales, Sheets, Showers, Sinks,
Skimmers, Soap, Solutions, Solvents, Spas, Sprays, Springs, Sprinklers, Suits,
Swimming Pools, Tables, Tees, Telephones, Thread, Tins, Toilets, Tool Boxes,
Tool Cases, Tool Handles, Tractors, Treadmills, Trim, Tubs, Ultraviolet,
Upholstery, Urethane, Visors, Wood Stains

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           February 02, 2001, Friday

State cuts off food bank's supplies

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: DADE CITY



(ran PC edition)

Officials have no investigation or evidence of wrongdoing against the Circle of
Seven Ministries, they just want questions answered.

A state agency said Thursday it has suspended a food bank's supply of government
food - although the state has made no allegations of wrongdoing - until an agent
can discuss the operation with its leaders.

Gloria Van Treese of the state Department of Agriculture's Bureau of Food
Distribution said the state has filed no complaints and made no findings against
the Circle of Seven Ministries' food bank and has not been investigating it. The
state suspended the food supply after a newspaper reporter called the Department
of Agriculture with questions about the ministry, she said.

Van Treese said the state must obey federal rules governing distribution of food
to the needy. If anyone complains about a food bank, that bank's leaders are
questioned so the state doesn't risk losing federal funds.

"If we just need to go in there and educate them, then we can do that," she
said.

The U.S. government supplies food to regional distribution centers. In turn,
those centers supply food to local groups, Van Treese said.

The rules require food banks to ask recipients if they qualify for government
aid, Van Treese said.

Food centers also can't require payment or request donations from recipients,
Van Treese said.

Pastor Betsy Holt said Thursday her ministry will be scrambling to come up with
about $ 400 for food boxes given to 60 to 70 needy families.

Holt said there is a donation box but no one has been pressured to give.

She said the food bank is run correctly and she plans to cooperate with the
state to renew the food supply.

"My motto is you never give up and you never give in when you're serving the
Lord," she said.

Van Treese said she expects an agent will meet with the ministry next week.


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 13, 2010 Saturday

N.D. county among those offered disaster aid

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 107 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. Department of Agriculture is making disaster aid
available to farmers in North Dakota's Richland County and 37 Minnesota
counties, mostly in the northern two-thirds of the state.

In its announcement Thursday, the USDA cites the combined effects of excessive
rain, flooding, flash flooding, unseasonably cool temperatures, frosts and
freezes, and drought during the 2009 growing season.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack says the declaration will provide help to
hundreds of farmers who suffered significant production losses to a wide variety
of crops. Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty requested the designation in January.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             May 13, 2008, Tuesday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 652 words


The US needs to rethink its approach to food aid

In response to the May 7 article, "Is US doing enough to end food crisis?": The
cash President Bush is offering to address the immediate food crisis will be
welcomed in the recipient countries, but the United States needs to look beyond
today's response and rethink its whole approach to food aid and trade. Using
cash to buy food locally instead of sending surplus commodities is a start, but
only that.

Because of the crushing burden of foreign debt, countries that could easily feed
themselves are exporting food while their citizens go hungry. International
agribusinesses are earning record profits as food riots rage. Global trade
policies that prioritize profits over public welfare have emptied food reserves,
which are now at their lowest levels worldwide since 1947. And those same
policies restrict poor countries from protecting their domestic food production
from foreign corporate control.

To address the roots of the food crisis, we must provide rural development aid
instead of just food, forgive odious debts, control speculation and corporate
malfeasance, and make food trade fair, not just "free."

Jim Harkness

Minneapolis, Minn.

President, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy

Remember carbon costs of shipping

Regarding the May 7 article, "How green is that shirt?": In evaluating the
"greenness" of a product, let's factor in energy use and carbon emissions
attributable to transportation.

There's a significant environmental cost to moving raw materials to third-world
countries for cheap labor, then shipping the finished product thousands of miles
away to consumers willing to pay a premium for such goods.

Peter Javsicas

Philadelphia

Can memoirs ever be 'real'?

In response to the May 9 article, "Whose truth: veracity and the modern memoir":
As a former senior-level editor at several publishing houses with a 25-year
history in a constantly changing industry, I can say with at least some level of
expertise that memoirs playing fast and loose with the unvarnished truth is
nothing new.

Having sat in my fair share of editorial meetings over the years, I have
witnessed countless instances where editors are asked to go back to an author
and require some level of "fabulous-ness" meant to set the work apart somehow
from the vast sea of other books that will invariably be "like" it.

Also, as a writer engaged in the writing of both nonfiction and fiction, I find
that my truth may not be your truth; what my father told me about his naval
missions may not be what he told you, for example, and so the business of memoir
- with the passage of time - becomes grayer and grayer.

Add to this fact the often desperate attempts by publishers to turn a book into
something that it never was at the time of submission, and you've got a recipe
for potential disaster.

Until someone creates a new "rulebook" wherein memoirs must be empirically
"true" and fiction must be "made up," the line will always be hazy.

Elissa Altman

Newtown, Conn.

In response to the recent article on truth in memoir: David Sedaris's neologism,
"real-ish," quoted from the preface of his next book, is Orwellian newspeak.
It's right up there with Stephen Colbert's darkly satiric term, "truthiness."
Using a term like "real-ish" defines what the content of the book is not - i.e.,
real.

Howard Zimmerman

New York

The Monitor welcomes your letters and opinion articles. Because of the volume of
mail we receive, we can neither acknowledge nor return unpublished submissions.
All submissions are subject to editing. Letters must be signed and include your
mailing address and telephone number. Any letter accepted may appear in print or
on our website, www.csmonitor.com. Mail letters to Readers Write and Opinion
pieces to Opinion Page, 210 Massachusetts Avenue, Boston, MA 02115. E-mail
letters to Letters and Opinion pieces to OpEd.

(c) Copyright 2008. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 28, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. TO TEST FLORIDA HERD FOR SWINE FEVER

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 27


The Department of Agriculture dispatched a team of inspectors today to collect
blood samples from 125 pigs on a Florida farm and quarantined the animals after
scientists found evidence that one of the pigs might have been exposed to
African swine fever, a deadly swine disease.

In taking the action, veterinarians cautioned that a Florida outbreak of the
disease, which has been found on three continents but never in North America,
had not been confirmed.

But scientists in the department said that tests on blood samples collected by a
researcher in Boston showed evidence that one animal in the herd, which is near
the community of Belle Glade, had produced antibodies to the virus. The positive
finding of an immune response might indicate that African swine fever has
infected the herd, scientists said. But the positive finding may also be
incorrect. Officials said they were seeking to establish whether the disease
existed in the herd.

Damage to Industry Possible

Veterinarians said today that if it was found in the United States, African
swine fever could cause severe economic damage in the country's $9
billion-a-year swine industry. The best known form of the virus, which was first
identified in Kenya in 1910 by a British scientist, is fatal to swine. There is
no vaccine; quarantines and slaughter are the only means for controlling an
outbreak.

''The thing to do is look at all the pigs in this circumstance,'' said Dr.
Wesley Garnett, staff officer at the National Emergency Field Operations, a
division of the department that investigates foreign livestock diseases. ''We do
have a serum sample that has an indication of antibody activity which could
correlate to African swine fever. There is a potential this is a false positive.
But we definitely want to know why we had a positive reaction to this test.''

Veterinarians said that African swine fever was not known to cause disease in
humans or other animals. But some medical researchers in Boston have offered a
disputed theory that African swine fever is somehow related to the transmission
of acquired immune deficiency syndrome in humans.

More than 50 residents of Belle Glade have contracted AIDS, ahigh number for a
town of 15,000 people.

The Department of Agriculture has quarantined imported pork products from
Europe, Africa and South America to keep the virus from infecting domestic hogs.
The virus, spread by soft ticks and through close contact among infected
animals, is capable of surviving wide swings in temperature and has been found
in cured hog products produced in these overseas areas.

Normally, infected animals die within days. But a less virulent form of the
virus has been recognized in Europe and in several Caribbean countries,
including Haiti and the Dominican Republic, that will cause illness in animals
and may not kill them.

''African swine fever is considered the most important virus affecting the swine
industry worldwide,'' said Dr. Paul Gibbs, professor of virology at the
University of Florida in Gainesville. ''If it's here, it's estimated it could
take 10 years and cost $500 million to control. At this stage, we need to be
cautious in interpreting the data.''

Wider Tests Due to Begin

Dr. Garnett said the three-member team of inspectors had been dispatched from
the Fort Myers area this morning. The team, led by Dr. Floyd Crum, a
veterinarian, was erecting temporary holding pens on the farm and would begin
taking blood serum from 125 animals Wednesday.

''There will be no reaction from here until we have a definite positive
diagnosis,'' said Dr. Garnett. ''At this point we are in the early investigative
situation.''

The department's investigation began early last week after two researchers from
Boston, Dr. Jane Teas, a pathobiologist formerly at the Harvard School of Public
Health, and Dr. John Beldekas, an immunologist at the Boston University School
of Medicine, took blood from 16 pigs from a farm in Belle Glade. The two
researchers, advocates of the theory linking AIDS and African swine fever, were
working on AIDS research. They had learned that there were herds of sick swine
nearby and went to investigate.

Dr. Beldekas tested the blood for the presence of African swine fever and found
that one of the samples tested positive.

Dr. Beldekas said today that the pig from which the positive sample was drawn
had been slaughtered and most likely eaten. ''All the pigs that we got blood
from were either sick or on their way to slaughter, including that one,'' he
said.

The department collected the samples from the pigs and sent them to its Foreign
Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory on Plum Island off Long Island. Dr. Ronald
Yedloutschnig, a veterinarian there, said the samples, collected from 30
animals, were negative for African swine fever.

However, on Friday Dr. Yedloutschnig received the positive sample from Dr.
Beldekas. Dr. Yedlouschnig said today that the sample showed indications that
the animal had been exposed to African swine fever and had developed antibodies.

While the team collects samples, the department has ordered that animals not be
removed from the Belle Glade farm, officials said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   DECEMBER 2, 1998 Wednesday SFCITY EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 575 words


GIRL, 15, HELD IN A SLAYING

SAID TO BE OVER CLOTHING An argument over clothing led to the shooting Monday
night inside a Logan rowhouse that left Delores Kennel, 20, dead and Rasheeda
Elahi, 15, in police custody, charged with murder and related offenses,
authorities said.

When officers arrived at what they described as a boardinghouse at 4520 N. 19th
St., they found Kennel dead in the second-floor hallway, shot in the head.

A search was started for Elahi, and she was arrested a short time later in the
7700 block of Rugby Street in West Oak Lane. Investigators said Kennel and
Elahi, who were not related, lived in the house.

Kennel was making plans to move out, police said. The two argued over Elahi's
wearing Kennel's clothing, and Elahi allegedly got a handgun and shot Kennel.
Police did not say where Elahi got the weapon, which was recovered.

BIOLOGISTS SHOOTING DEER

FOR AIRPORT SAFETY PURPOSES Marksmen from the U.S. Department of Agriculture are
targeting deer at Philadelphia International Airport. Perched in trees around
the airport, biologists used night-vision goggles overnight Monday to kill 15
deer. Biologists hoped to shoot up to 10 last night at Philadelphia
International and a dozen at the Northeast Philadelphia Airport.

Earlier this year, two U.S. Airways planes were damaged when they struck deer at
Philadelphia International. No one was injured, but since then, passenger safety
has become a priority, airport spokesman Mark Pesce said.

About 25 deer have been roaming the airport grounds, and an 8-foot-tall fence
has not kept them out, Pesce said. Airport officials said they had difficulty
finding nonlethal ways of keeping the number of deer under control. The venison
will be donated to the Greater Philadelphia Food Bank.

Three years ago, 47 deer were killed by the Agriculture Department at
Philadelphia International.

AIDS ACTIVISTS ARRESTED

IN PROTEST OUTSIDE DUPONT Nine AIDS activists from Philadelphia were arrested
yesterday for staging a sit-down demonstration in front of DuPont Co.
headquarters in Wilmington to protest the price of its new AIDS drug Sustiva.

More than 200 protesters from the Philadelphia chapter of the militant
gay-rights group ACTUP staged the protest. Nine were charged with disorderly
conduct and loitering for blocking a revolving door that leads into the
building, said Capt. James Wright of the Wilmington police.

The group had a similar protest in September, when the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration approved DuPont Pharmaceuticals' Sustiva.

DuPont has said the drug will be available for just under $4,000 a year, but
protesters say that once it is marked up for sale to patients, the cost will be
closer to $5,000. DuPont will not raise the price of the drug in the next three
years, Gina Carithers, a DuPont Pharmaceuticals vice president, said yesterday.
But she said the company also would not lower the price.

LIQUOR STORE HOURS NOTED

FOR THE HOLIDAYS IN PA. Liquor store hours for Christmas week and New Year's Day
will vary, the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board said yesterday.

Most Pennsylvania Wine & Spirits Shoppes will remain open from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Dec. 21-23. All stores will close at 6 p.m. Christmas Eve, and they will be
closed Christmas Day. All stores will close by 8 p.m. New Year's Eve, and they
will reopen Jan. 2. The schedule is the same as last year's, said John E. Jones
3d, the LCB chairman.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Animal Emergency Center

                                 24360 Novi Rd
                                Novi,  MI 48375
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 248-348-1788
URL: http://www.aec4pets.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/aecnovi
http://facebook.com/aecroch

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 35650519

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Animal Emergency Center is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Tourniquets, and 3 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
Animal Emergency Center does business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and
Biomedical Industries, as well as 21 other major Manufacturing Industries.
Animal Emergency Center has at least 4 business locations. The company describes
itself via it's website thusly: "The Animal Emergency Center (AEC) has proudly
served southeastern Michigan since 2002. We have two locations, one in Novi and
the other in Rochester. Our commitment to providing excellent veterinary care
has enabled us to create valuable relationships with the veterinary community
and the public. The Novi facility is open 24 hours a day and the Rochester
facility is open nights, weekends and holidays. In addition to treatment of dogs
and cats, our veterinarians and staff are specifically trained to handle avian
and exotic emergencies."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54194000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Tourniquets


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Brass
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Heavy Metals
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Paint Thinners
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silica
     ·    Silica Gel
     ·    Xylitol


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Anesthetics, Antibiotics, Aspirin, Balloons, Barns, Beds,
Bleaches, Bowls, Brass, Brochures, Brushes, Bulbs, Business Cards, Caffeine,
Calendars, Candles, Candy, Chairs, Charms, Chemicals, Chests, Citronella
Candles, Cleaners, Cloth, Coffees, Compasses, Compost, Compounds, Containers,
Cookies, Cord, Corn Cobs, Couches, Desks, Dishes, Drums, Duck, Endoscopes,
Faucets, Feeders, Feeds, Feet, Felt, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flats, Floor
Mats, Furniture, Games, Gels, Gift Cards, Glue, Glue Traps, Grasses, Guides,
Gum, Hammocks, Heavy Metals, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Ice, Insulated
Shelters, Insulation, Jewelry, Lifts, Lighting, Lights, Litters, Masks,
Measures, Mulch, Name Tags, Nylon, Organs, Overalls, Oxygen, Paint Thinners,
Pants, Pass Throughs, Pearls, Pesticides, Pictures, Pills, Plastic Bags,
Plastics, Posts, Profiles, Protectors, Registers, Rubber, Rubber Parts, Salt,
Scopes, Seats, Seed, Sheets, Shelters, Silica, Silica Gel, Slugs, Soap, Socks,
Solutions, Spats, Speakers, Springs, Stairs, Stools, Strollers, Tables, Tags,
Tea Bags, Teas, Tennis Balls, Thermometers, Toilets, Tourniquets, Towels, Traps,
Tubs, Underwear, Uniforms, Ventilators, Veterinary Medicines, Warning Signs,
X-Ray, Xylitol, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday
                                  City Edition

FROM THE WASHINGTON BUREAU ;
Washington notes

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 441 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


GROUP RELEASES INFORMATION ABOUT CROP INSURANCE PAYOUTS MADE IN 2011

WASHINGTON - More than 400 Oklahoma farmers received taxpayer-funded subsidies
topping $65,000 for crop insurance last year, with one receiving more than
$500,000, according to U.S. Department of Agriculture information obtained by an
environmental group.

USDA data released by the Environmental Working Group show that 177 Oklahoma
farmers received more than $100,000 in government aid to buy crop insurance; of
those, 13 received more than $250,000 and one received more than $500,000.

According to the group, Congress prohibited the USDA from releasing the names of
the policyholders.

The Environmental Working Group, which for many years has supplemented its
advocacy for lower farm subsidies with hard data about who receives them, has
focused recently on crop insurance.

Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Muskogee, also has been gathering information about the
program. He requested a study by the Government Accountability Office, which
reported in April that taxpayers could have saved $1 billion last year if
premium aid for crop insurance had been limited to $40,000 per farmer.

The EWG study says that the subsidies, like other farm payments, are
concentrated in the hands of big operations, while the vast majority receives
modest amounts.

Last year, 26 farming operations in the United States collected subsidies
topping $1 million; more than 10,000 received aid between $100,000 and $1
million. The bottom 80 percent of policyholders - 389,494 operations - received
subsidies worth just over $5,000 in 2011, the group said.

The government typically pays about 62 percent of the cost for the insurance,
and also pays the insurance companies for administrative expenses. According to
the GAO, the total cost neared $9 billion last year.

Coburn and Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois, recently asked leaders of the Senate
Agriculture Committee to look for ways to save money on crop insurance. Rep.
Frank Lucas, R-Cheyenne, the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, has
defended the program, saying limits on subsidies could discourage participation
and threaten its integrity.

VOTE SET ON JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS

The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to consider the nominations of two
Oklahomans for federal judgeships. Robert E. Bacharach, a federal magistrate
judge in Oklahoma City, has been nominated for a seat on the 10th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals, which is a step below the U.S. Supreme Court.

John E. Dowdell, a Tulsa attorney, has been nominated for a U.S. district
judgeship in Tulsa. Committee Republicans delayed a vote on those nominations
and others on May 24.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 12, 1977, Friday, Final Edition

Drought Costs Va. Farmers Millions;
Drought Costs Farmers in Va. $196 Million

BYLINE: By Charles E. Shepard, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 707 words


As temperatures in the Washington area soared into the 90s for the eighth
consecutive day, officials in Virginia reported yesterday that sparse rainfall
and searing heat have cost farmers in 54 counties substantially more than $196
million in drought-related losses.

The bleak effects of the dry spell are evident in crop estimates issued
yesterday by the Virginia Corp reporting Service of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.  The state's corn corp now is expected to run 23 per cent below
that of last year despite last month's estimate that predicted a harvest
slightly larger than that of 1976.

As a result of the drought, the yield of land planted with corn has plummeted to
62 bushels an acre, 14 bushels lower than the lower 1976 yield and the lowest
since a 56-bushel yield in 1964.

The summer of 1977 has not yet approached the summer of 1966 when, according to
the National Weather Service, the area sweltered through the record number of
days on which the mercury reached at least 90 degrees.

In 1966, that level was reached 59 times, including 43 times by Aug. 11.  When
the temperature reached yesterday's official high of 91 degrees at 3:20 p.m., it
marked the 37th such day this year.

The outlook through Tuesday calls for more hot, humid weather possibly broken by
thunderstorms that occasionally pass through the area in late afternoon and
evening.  Forecaster George Schielein said he sees "no long-term break in this
stuff."

The fleeting showers that have been dousing afternoon commuters recently also
have been cleansing the air.Yesterday's 3 p.m. reading was 75, in the "unhealty"
range but far below Wednesday's reading of 115 that preceded a thunderstorm and
an influx of gentle breezes.

While recent thunderstorms have eased the impact of the drought in Maryland,
they have been too scattered and their moisture has evaporated too quickly to
soften Virginia's plight.

President Carter has declared a drought emergency in 38 Virginia counties and is
considering applications for such status by 12 other counties that have received
emergency status from Virginia Gov. Mills E. Godwin.  Four other counties have
asked Godwin to make them eligible for federal aid.

These 54 counties have estimated their drought damage at a total of $196
million, and Raymond Vaughn, deputy commissioner of the State Department of
Agriculture and Commerce, said yesterday that the total would be "substantially
greater" when damage reports are updated.

Federal drought emergency status entitles Virginia farmers to direct federal aid
and low-cost loans.

Although Carter first declared an emergency in Virginia June 23, state officials
said yesterday that the aid programs, administered by the Department of
Agriculture, did not begin running smoothly until this week.

One culprit, according to S. Mason Carbaugh, state commissioner of agriculture
and commerce, was a Sept. 1 expiration date the federal government originally
imposed on the program for drought-stricken dairy farmers and cattle ranchers.

On Monday, the federal government extended the date to Dec. 1 after Virginia
official requested an extension to May 31, 1978.  Vaughan said yesterday that
the state still hopes to gain the 1978 waiver.

The Sept. 1 deadline "created chaos . . . and uncertainties" among farmers,
because they did not know whether they would receive federal aid for the winter,
Vaughan said.

Vaughan, said the drought, which began in the northwestern section of the state,
has spread in recent weeks to the south and southeast.  As a result, he said the
latter portions now are in critical conditions.  "I probably shouldn't say it
can't really get any worse, but it really can't get any worse," he said,
referring to northwestern Virginia.

In Maryland, the USDA's Crop Reporting Service said yesterday that corn
production will run at 49.6 million bushels, 13 per cent below last year's
record harvest but only 500,000 bushels below the 1975 total.The yield per acre
will be only 80 bushels, 11 below that of 1976.

While tobacco output is expected to remain at 1976 levels and the soybean crop
may run slightly, the hay harvest in Maryland will drop 19 per cent, according
to the Maryland-Delaware Crop Reporting Service.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Park Policeman Kenneth Donovan and his mount War Courier take
a break to gain a bit of relief from yesterday's heat.  By Ken Feil - The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid
Programs"

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Various Subsistence Items for use in U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFP-S-16-0011

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 2, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue [the July solicitation for Foreign Agricultural Service
programs] solicitation AG-INFP-S-16-0011 (2000003841) for procurement of various
subsistence items for U.S. international food aid programs. The solicitation may
include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial small business set-asides,
service-disabled veteran-owned set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and
AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small
businesses. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after January 27, 2016 and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Cita D. Trice, Contracting Officer cita.trice@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1438


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 25, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FOR A DU PONT, BUSINESS IS A TOOL IN FOREIGN AID

BYLINE: By BARBARA CROSSETTE, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 10, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 24


What could be closer to the heart of the Reagan Administration's foreign aid
policy than a Bureau for Private Enterprise? And what better name could be found
to direct it than a du Pont?

Elise Ravenel Wood du Pont, who took over the Agency for International
Development's new bureau in the spring, is a lawyer and a student of Chinese
economic and agricultural policies who happens to be married to Pierre S. du
Pont, a former member of Congress and now Governor of Delaware.

Mrs. du Pont, who runs a home in Washington and the Governor's mansion in
Delaware while traveling abroad as part of her new job, is now charged with
getting American capitalist expertise into the foreign assistance business. It
was Mrs. du Pont, incidentally, who led the Commerce Department's first official
private-sector trade mission to China in 1980.

''It's an exciting idea,'' Mrs. du Pont said recently as she sat down in her
office to talk about the task ahead. ''We want to run this shop at no cost to
the taxpayer while making efficient use of our private sector.''

The Call for Experts

Mrs. du Pont has called on the private sector to assemble teams of business
experts, bankers and investors to travel to developing nations to make surveys
and offer advice on how to establish businesses and improve the investment
climate. Using information gathered on such missions, businesses can learn more
about opportunities abroad and the Agency for International Development can make
judgments on potential rrecipients of assistance.

''What we are talking about here is really leverage value,'' she added. ''We
want to make that aid dollar stretch farther, while facilitating private sector
entry into the developing world. If I don't make any other point here, I want it
to be clear that we are first a development agency.''

The Administration has been on record since last winter as favoring a move
toward specific agreements with nations thought to be strategically important to
the United States and away from support for aid programs carried out through
international development organizations. President Reagan has also made several
speeches exhorting the third world to look to private enterprise as the best
long-term route to development.

Mrs. du Pont said that her first major task in establishing the 50-member bureau
was finding a staff. ''The choice I had to make initially was whether to bring
in private-sector people or work within the establishment by using all agency
people,'' she said.

Pulling a Staff Together

Her solution was to find career Foreign Service officers with economics or
business training, experience in running aid programs and some familiarity with
the private sector.

Her deputy, Christian R. Holmes, had worked in A.I.D. and had won the Arthur S.
Flemming award for the best young managers in the Federal service. Edgar C.
Harrell, deputy assistant administrator, who runs the bureau's investment and
policy functions of the bureau, has a degree in engineering and a Ph.D. in
economics as well as experience administering the aid agency's program in
Jordan.

The bureau operates on a $17.9 million annual budget, with more than $100
million to draw on in A.I.D. funds in missions abroad.  What the bureau has done
is to select a small number of nations for developmental study and to dispatch
teams to assess business opportunities there. The first list includes Indonesia,
Kenya, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Egypt, Ivory Coast, Pakistan, Zimbabwe, Jamaica and
Costa Rica. The nations had to have A.I.D. missions already in place and had to
be interested in the development of their own private sectors, as well as
increased investment from abroad. Mrs. du Pont makes it clear that her teams,
unlike Commerce Department delegations, are not negotiating trade agreements.

''We are strongly aware of the need to promote indigenous private sectors
abroad,'' said Mrs. du Pont, who returned recently from the second mission, to
Sri Lanka. ''We want to bring together American small-business people with their
counterparts from developing countries. Then we will baby those relationships
along, and try to foster more of them.''

The first team, which went to Indonesia this fall, was made up of agriculture,
business and capital-market experts, an A.I.D. official and a Bahasan-speaking
lawyer. Among the ideas the team brought back was a recommendation that the
United States find ways to sell its management training abroad. ''After all,
nobody does that better than the United States,'' Mrs. du Pont said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            December 28, 2009 Monday

The Daily Record News Briefs: December 28, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 381  words


Aid for dairy farmers Dairy farmers in Maryland could receive as much as $2.475
million in emergency aid through the new Dairy Emergency Loss Assistance Payment
program provided in the 2010 agriculture appropriations bill, the Maryland
Department of Agriculture announced. " ... Maryland dairy producers ..., like
those across the country, have suffered extraordinary economic hardship over
many months," said Gov. Martin O'Malley. "We are hopeful that this funding will
provide some relief for them as prices and their businesses recover. " According
to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, average milk prices nationally dropped 27
percent between the last quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009.

SafeNet's acquisition SafeNet Inc., of Belcamp, which makes products that
provide security for communications over the Internet, announced that it has
completed the acquisition of Assured Decisions LLC, of Columbia, a provider of
professional consulting services to the government's cyber security community.
Assured Decisions will become part of SafeNet's Cyber Security group. Financial
details of the transaction were not disclosed.

Treating the whole person Kaiser Permanente of the Mid-Atlantic States said it
has earmarked a $70,720 grant to Child Center and Adult Services Inc., a
private, nonprofit mental health agency in Gaithersburg, to triple mental health
services for uninsured patients at a primary care clinic in Germantown. Kaiser
Permanente's grant will significantly expand a pilot project begun with seed
money from local foundations. The program is a partnership between the Child
Center and Adult Services Inc. and Mobile Med, one of Montgomery County's
largest providers of primary care to low-income, uninsured adults. Mobile Med's
Germantown clinic treats between 400 and 450 uninsured adults each month

Payroll process detailed Payroll Network, of Kensington, an independently owned
payroll management company, is offering educational programming about payroll
processing and human resource services to certified public accountants, group
benefits/financial advisors, chief executive officers and chief financial
officers of government contractors. The subjects are offered in a "lunch 'n
learn" format. For information, go to www.payrollnetworkreferral.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                       Public Service Commission, Georgia

                              244 Washington St SW
                               Atlanta,  GA 30334
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 866-762-6427
URL: http://www.psc.state.ga.us/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/GeorgiaDOL
http://www.linkedin.com/company/georgia-department-of-labor
http://www.youtube.com/GeorgiaDOL
http://www.youtube.com/ThePSCGa
https://twitter.com/GeorgiaDOL
https://twitter.com/timechols

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 705983

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  XLarge (5001+ Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Public Service Commission, Georgia is a supplier focussed on Hearing Aids,
Directional Drilling, Etching, Grinding, Landscaping, and 8 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Public Service Commission, Georgia
does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well
as 26 other major Manufacturing Industries. Public Service Commission, Georgia
has at least 431 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Correctional Institutions

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
92214000
SIC CODES:
92239907
CAGE CODES:
4FUS0
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Directional Drilling
     ·    Etching
     ·    Grinding
     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Milling
     ·    Strategic Planning
     ·    Telecommunications Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Coal
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Ice
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1+ Billion

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  T.D. Williamson Inc.


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Air Conditioners, Alarm Systems, Alcohol, Appliances,
Asphaltic Concrete, Auctions, Backgrounds, Banners, Barns, Bindings, Bombs,
Boring Equipment, Briefs, Brochures, Burners, Buses, Business Cards, Buttons,
Calculators, Calendars, Carbon, Catalysts, Chairs, Channels, Cleanouts, Coal,
Columbium, Conductors, Culverts, Dials, Directional Drilling, Disks, Electric
Vehicles, Electricity, Elements, Etching, Excavators, Explosives, Flags,
Folders, Gas Burners, Gas Plants, Generators, Governors, Grasses, Grinding,
Guards, Guides, Hand Tools, Hats, Hazardous Materials, Hearing Aids, Heating
Systems, Hot Water Heaters, Ice, Jets, Landscaping, Lighting, Lights,
Limousines, Linings, Measures, Mechanisms, Medallions, Meter Boxes, Milling,
Modems, Natural Gas, Nets, Nuclear Power, Nuclear Power Plants, Overlays,
Panels, Pictures, Planning Boards, Planters, Plastics, Posts, Power Plants,
Power Units, Primers, Protective Coatings, Puzzles, Radios, Railroads, Rails,
Receivers, Registers, Scales, Scopes, Seats, Sheets, Shelters, Sign Posts,
Signals, Solutions, Spas, Spikes, Stairs, Stakes, Stamps, Stationery, Steel,
Strategic Planning, Suspensions, Tables, Targets, Telecommunications Equipment,
Telecommunications Services, Telephones, Textbooks, Textiles, Traffic Control,
Traffic Control Devices, Traffic Controls, Training Videos, Transitions,
Transmissions, Trenchers, Vans, Water Heaters, Water Meters, Wire, Yardsticks

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 19, 1986, Saturday, Final Edition

Personalities

BYLINE: Lisa Serene Gelb

SECTION: Style; D3

LENGTH: 629 words


Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be farmers -- times are hard, and now
Willie Nelson is making another effort to help out. A second Farm Aid concert,
to be combined with the country singer's traditional Fourth of July picnic, has
tentatively been given the go-ahead, according to a spokesman for the Texas
Department of Agriculture, which will sponsor the fundraiser.

Farm Aid II will be held in Memorial Stadium at the University of Texas in
Austin; Nelson and Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower plan to announce an
agreement with the university and provide further details about the concert in
about two weeks. The original Farm Aid concert last September raised about $9
million in donations to help financially troubled American farmers.

Deleting McGovern

Most references to George McGovern's failed effort to become president of St.
John's College in Annapolis were deleted in the April issue of The St. John's
Reporter, the school's alumni publication. The Baltimore Evening Sun reported
yesterday that Edwin J. Delattre, the college's outgoing president, recalled
nearly all of the 7,000 copies of the publication. The Reporter's original
headline included the subhead "McGovern Loses Bid," which was eliminated in a
revised edition.

"It's a simple matter," Delattre said yesterday. "The lead article intended to
announce the election of the new president . . . There were a number of things
in the article about the search process and they were a distraction . . . It was
inappropriate; it was a breach of confidence, and because of its incompleteness,
it was highly misleading." Charles E. Dunn, vice president for college
advancement, said reprinting the paper cost the school about $750.

Amy Carter's Speech

Amy Carter, who was arrested last month for participating in a demonstration
against IBM's South African business dealings, spoke last night at the
Washington Convention Center about South Africa and her antiapartheid work at
Brown University, where she is a freshman. The daughter of former president
Jimmy Carter spoke at the National Rainbow Coalition convention, along with the
Rev. Jesse Jackson, Del. Walter Fauntroy, Rep. William Gray and actor Robert
Blake.

End Notes

Pianist Vladimir Horowitz, who has returned for a visit to his Russian homeland
for the first time in more than 60 years, turned a rehearsal into a full-scale
concert yesterday. Students from the Moscow Conservatory packed its Rachmaninoff
Hall to hear Horowitz, 81, rehearse for his concert tomorrow. Horowitz gave
three requested encores before waving goodbye to his audience with his
handkerchief. The pianist arrived in Moscow Monday . . .

Frank Sinatra apparently approves of President Reagan's attacks on Libya. The
singer said he sent Reagan a telegram that read simply, "Encore, encore, encore.
Francis Albert" . . .

Mayor Marion Barry will speak at a benefit for the Committee for the Bishop
Desmond Tutu Southern African Refugee Scholarship Fund tonight at the Sheraton
Washington, and Naomi Tutu Seavers, Bishop Tutu's daughter, will relay a message
from her father. The benefit, cosponsored by the Fund and the Capital City
Chapter of the National Coalition of 100 Black Women, will present its first
annual "Woman of the Year" award to Mary Frances Berry, commissioner of the
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . . .

A turn-of-the-century "love chair" that was reportedly used by King Edward VII
when he was prince of Wales will go on sale tomorrow at Drouot, an auction hall
in Paris. The chair is made of sculpted wood with two metal stirrups on either
side and was reportedly part of the furnishings in one of the rooms at
Chabanais, a famous brothel frequented by the prince. The chair is valued at
$14,280 to $17,140.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 1, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN ADMINISTRATION REJECTS, FOR NOW, FARM CREDIT SYSTEM AID

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. HERSHEY Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 31


The Reagan Administration has decided, at least for now, not to provide Federal
financial assistance to the beleaguered Farm Credit System.

To the consternation of some members of Congress, an Administration policy
statement presented today to a House subcommittee failed to call for a $3
billion ''line of credit'' at the Treasury to buttress the system's finances.
Such a step had been suggested by a top Administration advisory group, but the
option was dropped before the plan was sent to President Reagan this morning,
according to a senior official.

Word of the ''line of credit,'' a phrase that might imply direct access to
Treasury funds, was disclosed by some officials on Tuesday on the eve of a sale
of Farm Credit System bonds. In his presentation to the subcommittee, Frank W.
Naylor Jr., the Under Secretary of Agriculture, outlined a more restrictive
approach.

Two Conditions

He said the Administration would ''assess the need for Federal financial
assistance'' only if Congress first agrees to approve two other measures.

One is to authorize an existing entity within the Farm Credit System to use
surpluses that have occurred in some parts of the system to absorb operating
losses elsewhere. The other is to convert the Farm Credit Administration, now a
nominal supervisor, into a genuine financial regulator with expanded enforcement
powers.

''When that gets done, then we'll think about'' such other measures as a credit
line, asserted another Administration official.

The Administration, which has doggedly resisted requests for financial aid to
the system, appeared to be ready to give in earlier this week when its Economic
Policy Group drew up a statement about the farm system. The Cabinet-level group
includes Treasury Secretary James A. Baker 3d and Agriculture Secretary John R.
Block, who were reported to have supported the line-of-credit proposal. But a
White House official said today that that provision was only an option.

According to the official, the proposal was dropped before the policy statement
reached President Reagan, who approved the statement just before Mr. Naylor
appeared before the House subcommittee.

The statement ''was fine-tuned, that's all'' just before it went before Reagan,
said an Administration source, denying that either Mr. Reagan or his top
advisers had changed their minds about the credit line.

Various officials said a Government bailout of the Farm Credit System would
represent an invitation to other sectors of the economy to seek aid.

Complaints From Congress

The decision not to provide the credit line immediately brought complaints from
Congress and appeared to adversely affect trading in outstanding Farm Credit
securities on Wall Street.

A $1.25 billion issue of six-month bonds that the system marketed Wednesday at a
yield 84/100ths of a percentage point higher than six-month Treasury bills
traded today at a spread of about 95/100ths of a point, Wall Street specialists
said. The increase in the spread represented some loss of attractiveness for the
bonds.

Representative Dan Glickman, a Kansas Democrat on the House's Conservation,
Credit and Rural Development subcommittee, responded to Mr. Naylor's
presentation by declaring it ''a pretty namby-pamby statement.'' He demanded to
know if assistance would be provided.

Lindsay Thomas, a Georgia Democrat, complained that Mr. Naylor was offering only
''little platitudes'' about a national problem.

'Strengths' of System

Mr. Naylor also provoked some members of the subcommittee by asserting that the
Farm Credit System is in far better financial condition than most people
believe.

The system, he said, ''has enormous strengths'' and ''there is no reason to
believe they are anywhere near, or about to be, insolvent.''

The Administration's statement to the subcommittee declared that the system
altogether had loan-loss reserves of some $1.6 billion, net worth of $5.5
billion and member stock totaling $5.3 billion.

''This $12.4 billion in funds, coupled with a high percentage of loans which
continue to perform adequately, provides the capacity and the potential in our
view for the system to be able to effectively work in its own behalf to remain
an effective and viable lender, if provided with the necessary tools to do so,''
the statement said.

On Wednesday, the system formally asked Congress for $6 billion in financial
support, saying there was ''no other choice'' if the system was to stay alive.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           January 12, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Minnesota farmer pleads guilty in moldy-beans case

BYLINE: MIKE HUGHLETT; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 125 words


A northwest Minnesota farmer participating in a federal aid program pleaded
guilty Monday to lying to the United States Department of Agriculture.

Thomas Matthew Chisholm, 37, was indicted in July and accused of shipping moldy
kidney beans to Honduras under a contract with the USDA.

In March 2009, Chisholm brought 300 metric tons of beans in four lots to the
USDA to be inspected for the aid program. After one lot passed inspection,
Chisholm, of Gary, relabeled and resubmitted that same batch, getting clearances
for two more lots.

But Chisholm then instructed employees to substitute uninspected moldy beans in
the latter two lots.

He faces up to five years in federal prison. He will be sentenced by a U.S.
district judge in Minneapolis.

MIKE HUGHLETT

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                         Indianapolis Veterinary Emerge

                                5425 Victory Dr
                            Indianapolis,  IN 46203
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 317-782-4484
URL: http://www.indyvet.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Indyvets-Blood-Bank/271227132977024
https://plus.google.com/101001131506021305298/posts

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 36781252

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Indianapolis Veterinary Emerge is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid
Kits, Showers, Strategic Planning, and 4 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Indianapolis Veterinary Emerge does business in the
Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 21 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Indianapolis Veterinary Emerge has at least 3 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "INdyVet - 24
hour emergency veterinary care, 7 days a week, 365 days a year"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54194000
SIC CODES:
07420000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Barium
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Copper
     ·    Ethane
     ·    Gases
     ·    Glass
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Insulin
     ·    Paint Colors
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Rubber


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Treadmills


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alcohol, Anesthetics, Angles, Antibiotics, Auctions, Barium,
Batons, Beacons, Beds, Bladders, Bleaches, Bowls, Brochures, Brushes, Burs,
Buttons, Calendars, Candles, Candy, Canvas, Capes, Capsules, Cartridges,
Catheters, Channels, Chemicals, Chests, Cleaning Products, Cleaning Supplies,
Coats, Columbium, Containers, Copper, Cord, Cotton, Cotton Balls, Coupling
Agents, Crates, Desks, Diodes, Dishes, Dresses, Duck, Ethane, Feeding Tubes,
Feeds, Feet, Felt, Fences, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flats, Folders, Games,
Garages, Gases, Glands, Glass, Glass Doors, Globes, Gowns, Guides, Heating
Coils, Hoods, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Ice, Identification Tags, Insulation,
Insulin, Intakes, Jerseys, Lamps, Lapping, Lasers, Leather, Leather Gloves,
Light Sources, Lights, Litters, Mailing Labels, Mannequins, Mechanisms, Nets,
Ointments, Organs, Paint Colors, Paper Towels, Pet Supplies, Photography,
Pictures, Pills, Pins, Plastics, Platforms, Posters, Posts, Profiles, Razors,
Refractories, Refrigerators, Registers, Rings, Rounds, Rubber, Rubber Gloves,
Salt, Scanners, Scrubs, Sheets, Shelters, Shoes, Showers, Shunts, Silane
Coupling Agents, Snacks, Soap, Solutions, Space Heaters, Spikes, Springs,
Stamps, Stethoscopes, Strategic Planning, Sweaters, Tablets, Tags, Tennis Balls,
Thermometers, Tongue Depressors, Towels, Treadmills, Veterinary Medicines,
Warning Signs, Washcloths, Wire, X-Ray, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

BYLINE: Compiled by Ben Sisario

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Arts, Briefly; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1106 words



Farm Aid Heads East

  Farm Aid is coming to New Jersey this year. Neil Young, Willie Nelson, John
Mellencamp, Dave Matthews and others will perform at the Tweeter Center in
Camden on Sept. 30 for the annual concert to aid American farmers, The
Associated Press reported. Mr. Young, right, one of the founders of Farm Aid,
made the announcement on Thursday at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia --
just across the Delaware River from Camden -- and organizers of the concert said
the area had been chosen because so much land in Pennsylvania and New Jersey is
used for agriculture. Farm Aid's goals include supporting family farms, fighting
corporate agriculture, advocating fair prices and encouraging people to buy food
grown locally. The concerts have been held in a dozen states since 1985, mostly
in the Midwest, and have raised $29 million for farmers, the organizers said.
Camden will be the second area in the Northeast that has played host to the
concerts; they were held in the Washington area in 1999 and 2000.

'All the King's Men' at Toronto


The new film adaptation of ''All the King's Men,'' starring Sean Penn, below,
will have its world premiere in September at the 31st Toronto International Film
Festival. The film, based on the novel by Robert Penn Warren about the rise and
corruption of the charismatic Southern politician Willie Stark -- a character
inspired by Huey P. Long of Louisiana -- was directed by Steven Zaillian, who
won an Academy Award as the screenwriter for ''Schindler's List.'' It also stars
Jude Law, Kate Winslet, James Gandolfini and Anthony Hopkins. The Toronto
festival runs from Sept. 7 to 16 and will also feature the world premieres of
Bob Balaban's ''Bernard and Doris,'' based on the life of Doris Duke and
starring Susan Sarandon; ''The Pleasure of Your Company,'' the first film
directed by the comedian Michael Ian Black; and ''Copying Beethoven'' by
Anieszka Holland (''Europa Europa''), about a young woman who becomes a student
of Beethoven. Information: www.bell.ca/filmfest.

Phish's Farewell

  The jam band Phish went out with a bang two years ago, with concerts that drew
as many as 70,000 fans. On Tuesday the band will release two thick and heavy
packages documenting its concert at Keyspan Park in Coney Island on June 17,
2004: a three-CD set and a two-DVD set, both called ''Phish Live in Brooklyn''
and released by Rhino. The concert was Phish's first after announcing that it
would be touring for the last time. But for fans who just cannot wait until
Tuesday, the DVD will be shown the night before at 99 movie theaters around the
country, in high-definition video and 5.1 surround sound. The screening is to
last about three and a half hours and include a brief intermission. Theaters and
information: bigscreenconcerts.com.

Chinese Actress Seeks Credit as Body Double

  An actress who appears as the naked body double of the Chinese movie star
Zhang Ziyi (''Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon'') in a new film wants her name in
the credits, according to the Chinese state news media. The actress, Shao
Xiaoshan, said she had been paid $2,500 for her appearance as the double for Ms.
Zhang, above, in ''The Banquet,'' which was directed by Feng Xiaogang and is
scheduled to be released in China in the fall, Reuters reported. An executive of
the film's production company, Huayi Brothers & Taihe Movie Investment, said Ms.
Shao's name would not appear in the credits for contractual reasons. But she
said she wanted recognition for her work. ''Zhang Ziyi at Venice told the whole
world's journalists that her naked back was someone else's,'' Ms. Shao said,
''so I just want everyone to know that it was mine.''

Keyshia Cole's Reality

  The young soul singer Keyshia Cole has had a steady rise to the top. Her debut
album, ''The Way It Is'' (A&M), released a year ago, was widely praised by
critics and has sold 1.3 million copies; she began touring as an opening act and
last month headlined the Apollo Theater. Next week she will cross that final
hurdle to pop culture fame: she will be the star of a reality television show.
''Keyshia Cole: The Way It Is,'' a six-part series tracing the singer's life
behind the scenes, will begin on BET at 9 p.m. Eastern and Pacific time on
Wednesday. The first episode is set in her hometown, Oakland, Calif., with Ms.
Cole reflecting on her troubled childhood.

An Honorary Degree For J. K. Rowling

  J. K. Rowling, the author of the blockbuster ''Harry Potter'' novels, was
given an honorary law degree from the University of Aberdeen in Scotland this
week in recognition of her support for multiple sclerosis research, Reuters
reported. Ms. Rowling, above, whose mother suffered from the condition and died
at 45, helped finance a research program at the university. Ms. Rowling, 40,
whose books have sold an estimated 300 million copies worldwide, has already
been honored by three other Scottish universities: St. Andrews, Edinburgh and
Napier.

CD's Coming Soon

  New albums coming to record stores later this summer and in the fall include
Justin Timberlake's ''FutureSex/LoveSounds,'' which he has said will be a
departure from the smooth pop style that made his last album, ''Justified,'' a
hit, Reuters reported. The album is due on Sept. 11.  The New York Dolls' ''One
Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This'' (Roadrunner), the group's first
studio album in 32 years, will be released on July 25. A deluxe edition will
come with a DVD containing a 45-minute film about the making of the album.
Carly Simon's next album, ''Into White'' (Columbia), will be a collection of
songs ranging from the Beatles' ''Blackbird'' and Cat Stevens's ''Into White''
to Stephen Foster's ''Oh! Susanna.'' It will be released on Oct. 24.

Footnotes

  Robert Downey Jr. has signed a deal to write an autobiography that his
publisher, HarperEntertainment, an imprint of HarperCollins, promises will be a
''candid look at the highs and lows of his life and career,'' The Associated
Press reported. (The lows include arrests for drugs and drunken driving, and
jail time for parole violation over weapons and drug charges.) The terms of the
deal were not revealed. Mr. Downey, 41, was nominated for an Academy Award in
1994 for best actor in ''Chaplin,'' and is a star in ''A Scanner Darkly,''
released yesterday.  TNT has acquired the network television rights to broadcast
''The Da Vinci Code,'' through a deal with Sony Pictures Television, according
to The Hollywood Reporter. The rights are to begin in October 2008. ''The Da
Vinci Code,'' based on the best seller by Dan Brown, was released in May and has
grossed about $209 million in North America.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Computer Aid, Inc.

                               1390 Ridgeview Dr
                              Allentown,  PA 18104
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 610-530-5000
URL: http://www.compaid.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/AccelerateMgmt
http://www.facebook.com/ComputerAidInc
http://www.facebook.com/pages/IT-Metrics-and-Productivity-Institute/213592785334
043
http://www.linkedin.com/groups/Accelerate-Management-4027098
http://www.youtube.com/itmpi
https://twitter.com/AccelerateMgmt
https://twitter.com/computer_aid
https://twitter.com/itmpi
https://www.linkedin.com/company/computer-aid-inc
https://www.linkedin.com/groups/IMAGINE-Governance-Management-7454829
https://www.linkedin.com/groups/IMAGINE-People-Management-7453796
https://www.linkedin.com/groups/IMAGINE-Portfolio-Management-7456251
https://www.linkedin.com/groups/IMAGINE-Process-Management-7456266
https://www.linkedin.com/groups/IMAGINE-Project-Management-7454818
https://www.linkedin.com/groups/IMAGINE-Quality-Assurance-7455758

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 16036365

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Large (1001-5000 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Computer Aid, Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Credit Cards, Overalls, Solutions, Bridging, Delivery Services, and 8 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Computer Aid, Inc. does
business in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as
20 other major Manufacturing Industries. Computer Aid, Inc. has at least 14
business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Custom Computer Programming
Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54151104
SIC CODES:
73710000
CAGE CODES:
1K8V3, 3YXC3, 6ZX27
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Credit Cards
     ·    Overalls
     ·    Solutions


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Bridging
     ·    Delivery Services
     ·    Maintenance Services
     ·    Strategic Planning
     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Indium
     ·    Silver


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $100 - 999.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Accelerators, Agendas, Automobiles, Backgrounds, Banners,
Blotters, Bridging, Briefs, Capes, Channels, Chemicals, Columbium, Computer
Systems, Control Rooms, Control Systems, Credit Cards, Crystal, Data Management,
Delivery Services, Desks, Elements, Feeds, Firearms, Generators, Handguns,
Hardware, Hubs, Indium, Jerseys, Maintenance Services, Measures, Mechanisms,
Nets, Overalls, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pins, Platforms, Posts,
Registers, Safety Products, Scales, Scopes, Sheets, Silver, Smart Cards,
Solutions, Strategic Planning, Tables, Targets, Telephones, Terminations,
Testing Services, Tracking Systems, Transitions, Workstations

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 17, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

G.O.P. Plan For Welfare Is Criticized

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR,    Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;   Page 13;   Column 1;   National Desk

LENGTH: 730 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 16


The Clinton Administration today denounced a major element of the House
Republicans' welfare bill, which would replace most Federal food and nutrition
programs with cash grants to be administered by the states.

The Administration said the Republican proposal would cut at least $5.2 billion
-- almost 13 percent --from the $40.8 billion that would otherwise be spent on
food assistance next year.

In a report analyzing the bill, the Agriculture Department said today that the
Republican proposal also would eliminate "all uniform nutrition standards" now
set by the Federal Government for school lunches, the Supplemental Nutrition
Program for Women, Infants and Children, and other food programs. The programs
were developed in response to evidence of malnutrition documented by the
Government over the last half century and many studies suggest that they have
improved the diets and nutritional status of low-income people, the report says.

The welfare changes are in the proposed Personal Responsibility Act, one of 10
bills introduced by House Republicans as part of their "Contract With America."
The bill authorizes a lump sum payment of $35.6 billion from the Government to
the states for food assistance next year.

People who now qualify for Federal programs would not necessarily be entitled to
assistance under the state programs.

The Agriculture Department said 42 states would lose money under the proposed
Republican formula for distributing the food assistance money and eight states
-- California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, Utah and Wyoming
-- would gain.

But the report says, "There is no guarantee that Congress would appropriate the
full amount authorized in any given year." Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont,
the ranking Democrat on the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry,
said, for example, that Congress might appropriate less than the maximum of
$35.6 billion next year and could substantially reduce the appropriation in
later years, under pressure to eliminate the Federal budget deficit.

"I am afraid that the Republicans will vote for the rhetoric but not the
reality," Mr. Leahy said. "They will want the symbolism of the 'Contract With
America,' but will not live up to their part of the bargain by voting for the
full appropriation."

The Republicans say that states will be able to reduce administrative costs far
below current Federal levels. Under the Republican proposal, the maximum lump
sum grant to the states would be adjusted for changes in population and food
prices but not for increases in the proportion of residents who were unemployed
or poor.In that case, the Agriculture Department said that "food assistance
programs would be unable to respond to changing economic circumstances."

Historically, the report said, "the food stamp and child nutrition programs have
automatically expanded to meet increased need when the economy is in recession."
But the report said the Republican proposal would burden states with demands for
assistance "at precisely the time when state economies are in recession and tax
bases are shrinking."

Republicans who support the proposal say Congress could simply appropriate more
money for food assistance in a recession or other emergency.

In its report, the Agriculture Department says the Republican bill "could lead
to the termination of benefits for six million food stamp recipients" if states
tightened eligibility to accommodate the proposed reduction in Federal spending.

The food stamp program serves more than 27 million people a month. Average
monthly benefits were $69 a person last year. Congress appropriated $27.7
billion for the program this year.

The Administration asserted that the Republican proposal, by cutting the amount
spent on food aid, "would lower retail food sales, reduce farm income and
increase unemployment," especially in rural areas.

The Agriculture Department said that the proposal would allow states to provide
assistance in cash, rather than as food stamp coupons or as scrip earmarked for
food products rich in nutrients like calcium, iron and vitamins A and C.

"Under the proposed block grant," it said, "states could immediately cash-out
any and all food assistance programs," in spite of evidence that noncash
benefits like food stamps are more effective in stimulating the purchase of
food.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 25, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

HUSH PUPPIES SENT FROM MISSISSIPPI; OUT-OF-STATE FARMERS HELPING THOSE HERE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 496 words


Mississippi farmers are sending five tons of catfish and two and a half tons of
chicken - plus thousands of hush puppies - to help flood victims in St. Charles
County.  Six Mississippians will fry the feast Tuesday and Wednesday at Mark
Twain Mall in St. Charles. The food will be served from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. each
day.  The Southern-style feast is just one example of an outpouring of help that
farmers and others are giving in response to the disastrous flood along the
Mississippi River and its tributaries.  A group of Virginia farmers has offered
to help farmers in St. Charles County clear debris from their fields when the
water recedes, says Richard Hoormann, University of Missouri extension adviser
in St. Peters.  Four-H Clubs from Vernon County, Mo., and from the state of
Louisiana are collecting food, cleaning supplies and other items that should
arrive next week, Hoormann said.  In Illinois and Missouri, farmers have joined
other volunteers in sand-bagging levees and moving other farmers' grain,
livestock and personal belongings.  "I've talked to a number of farmers who have
donated vehicles to move livestock and grain," said Mike Roegge, a University of
Illinois extension adviser in Edwardsville. Other farmers have donated bins for
grain storage or offered their pastures for livestock displaced by the flood.
"They're just going out of their way to do as much as they can," Roegge said.
More than 300 people had called the Illinois Agriculture Department's hot line
to offer help to farmers affected by the flood, said Pat Hogan, a department
spokesman. The calls offering aid far outnumbered the 78 calls for help, he
said.  The Missouri Farm Bureau is participating in a nationwide Farmers Helping
Farmers program, said Charles E. Kruse, president. County Farm Bureau offices
are collecting food and other supplies.  The Mississippi Agriculture Department,
the Mississippi Farm Bureau and a truckers' association are working with their
Missouri counterparts, sending several truckloads of food for the feast Tuesday
and Wednesday. They will cook more food Thursday if supplies last. Federal
disaster aid probably will be available by sometime next month, according to the
Missouri and Illinois offices of the Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation
Service. Details and the amount of aid available will be determined in Congress
and the U.S.  Agriculture Department in Washington.  Farmers who enrolled in
government farm programs by April 30 may be able to get flooded fields into the
"Zero-92" acreage reduction program. The program gives farmers subsidy payments
on up to 92 percent of fields eligible for the program.  The agriculture
department also has approved the use of land enrolled in the Conservation
Reserve and acreage reduction programs for emergency grazing and haying,
according to U.S. Rep. Harold L. Volkmer, D-Hannibal, Mo.  Farmers must inform
county ASCS offices that they need the land for emergencies.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 24, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

For Congress, War in Gulf Is the All-Absorbing Issue

Helen Dewar, Tom Kenworthy, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 732 words


As chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and the Appropriations
subcommittee on foreign operations, Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) planned
hearings over the past week dealing with trade, Soviet use of U.S. farm credits
and revamping of foreign aid programs.

One by one, as the Persian Gulf War unfolded, Leahy cancelled, postponed or
scaled back the hearings. "Everyone would probably have come, but no one would
be paying attention . . . they would have been there in body only," said Leahy,
acknowledging that he, too, has had trouble focusing on issues that, in normal
times, would dominate his day.

In the case of foreign aid, Leahy noted, there was another problem: the war is
likely to affect priorities in ways that cannot be fully known until it ends.

On both ends of the Capitol, from hearing rooms to the floors of both houses,
lawmakers are struggling like everyone else to go about their normal business,
which, in the case of Congress, means laying the groundwork for a new
legislative year. And, like everyone else, the lawmakers are finding it
difficult to free themselves from the grip of minute-by-minute news reports from
the gulf.

"I don't think anyone's focused on anything but the war," said Rep. Mike Synar
(D-Okla.). "The usual kinds of meetings to develop consensus on issues like
health care are all being put on the back burner. . . . It's not going to be
business as usual for a long time."

"There isn't any question that every office is distracted as a result of the
pressure of a war environment," said Rep. Jerry Lewis (R-Calif.), a member of
the House Republican leadership. "It's sapping people of energy and it's going
to have a significant impact on the efficiency and speed of the [legislative]
process."

Moreover, the Persian Gulf hostilities, coupled with the Soviet Union's
crackdown on its rebellious Baltic republics, are likely to create a ripple
effect of near tidal proportions that will affect everything from budget
priorities to trade and arms control, said Sen. William S. Cohen (R-Maine).
"We're living in a world of future shock," he said.

Even when lawmakers can shake themselves free to discuss issues unrelated to the
war, they find themselves pulled back to it. At a modestly attended news
conference on reintroduction of a voter registration bill that died last year,
Sen. Wendell H. Ford (D-Ky.) immediately evoked the gulf crisis and said, "While
voter apathy may be tolerated in relatively good times, lack of citizen
participation in times of peril and uncertainty strikes at the very heart of our
democratic process."

For symbolic as well as substantive reasons, the first bills to move through
Congress have dealt with military and veterans' issues, including tax deadline
relief for U.S. troops in Operation Desert Storm and inflation adjustments in
disabled veterans' benefits.

But House and Senate leaders insist that the war will not disrupt the
legislative agenda for the year, noting that Congress normally would be in
recess during January and returned early this year only to consider an
authorization for war that was approved Jan. 12.

"I don't think it will have a major effect on domestic agenda items. . . . I
don't imagine that there will be any excessive delay on these matters," House
Speaker Thomas S. Foley (D-Wash.) said Tuesday.

Senate Majority Leader George J. Mitchell (D-Maine) compiled a list of committee
and leadership meetings this week that included campaign finance reform,
environmental protection, financial institution regulation and anti-crime bills
as well as military-related issues. The session's early opening actually enabled
Congress to get a head start on all fronts, Mitchell added. But he noted that
war, against a backdrop of recession, means "additional uncertainty in a
situation that is inherently uncertain."

"Life goes on, the process goes on, but it's been disrupted, no question about
it," said Sen. Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.), who has been working with Mitchell to
assemble the Senate Democrats' agenda for the year.

Nor is there any escape when lawmakers leave Capitol Hill. When he was in
Vermont last weekend, Leahy said he ran into questions about the war at every
stop: at a barbershop, over a meat counter and at a gasoline pump. Finally,
Leahy and his son sought escape in target-shooting. But they broke it off, he
said, to talk about the war.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SEN. PATRICK J. LEAHY.; ILLUSTRATION

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

U.S. offers more funds to farms to aid lake

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Aug. 14--Farmers in Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana will have access to another $5
million to help them pay for the cost of cover crops and other steps to try to
prevent chemical fertilizers from seeping into Western Lake Erie and generating
another algae crisis, the U.S. Department of Agriculture will officially
announce today.

The money will help farmers put in place practices that help stop the flow of
topsoil into the rivers and ultimately into Lake Erie.

Phosphorus mixed in that sediment is blamed for feeding the harmful algae that
compromised Toledo's water supply last year.

U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio) said it was based on his urging that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture found the additional funds.

In a letter last month to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Mr. Brown urged the
release of additional money from the Environmental Quality Incentive Program
when thousands of acres went unplanted this year because of excessive rain in
parts of the watershed.

"We need to stop runoff before it starts. EQIP ensures that farmers can take
actions to preserve water quality and prevent runoff that can cause harmful
algal blooms," Mr. Brown said.

Jason Weller, chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, told The
Blade on Thursday said the money had been earmarked in other areas of the
country but was not used and so could be transferred to improve water quality in
western Lake Erie.

He said that from 2009 to 2014, the agency paid farmers $57 million, to be
equally matched by farm owners, for conservation practices.

He said most contracts with farmers are for  $10,000 to $50,000.

Those practices include planting cover crops, adding gypsum to soil,
implementing conservation tillage or no-till systems on crop fields, installing
agricultural drainage water management systems, and implementing nutrient
management plans.

"Farmers have put in tens of millions of dollars out of their own pockets to put
in place practices that protect water quality," Mr. Weller said.

He said three Natural Resources Conservation Service "investments" since 2009
have reduced phosphorus loss from farms by 39 percent. That means a reduction in
eroded sediment of 488,000 tons a year. Mr. Weller said that's enough soil to
fill a train as long as the distance from Toledo to Sandusky.

Even though growing a winter crop only protects the soil for one season, Mr.
Weller said the hope is that farmers see the benefit in regulating water
infiltration in their soil and improving carbon content.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's news release says the cause of algae blooms
is complex, including water temperature, lack of agitation, rainfall and runoff
from farms and lawns, zebra mussels, and the impacts of climate change.

Contact Tom Troy: tomtroy@theblade.com or 419-724-6058 or on Twitter @TomFTroy.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150814-TO-U-S-offers-more-funds-to-farms-to-aid-lake-0814-20150814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 8, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

NEW YORK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 90 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

Corrections officials said some jailers haven't followed regulation that lets
inmates carry AZT. ... ROCHESTER - Dairy farmers are experimenting with recycled
paper cattle bedding, agriculture officials say. Using paper relieves strain on
landfills, helps farmers cut costs. Straw costs up to $ 1,000 a month. ...
PATTERSON - Town supervisor Larry Lawlor asked people to photograph endangered
bog turtle to prove to state officials that they live in Great Swamp area where
county landfill is proposed. Proof could block landfill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Cleburne Times-Review (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

More aid rolls in for Johnson County farmers

BYLINE: John Harden, Cleburne Times-Review, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Jan. 18--The federal government announced it is making low-interest loans
available to help farmers with agricultural recovery efforts in Johnson County
and several other Texas counties.

On Jan. 3, the U.S. Department of Agriculture named Johnson County and 39 other
Texas counties as primary disaster areas because of the drought and related
factors, such as last year's devastating wildfires.

People who live in those counties may be eligible for low-interest emergency
loans of up to $500,000 from the USDA's Farm Service Agency.

Other counties include Austin, Bell, Bosque, Brazoria, Burnet, Cochran, Fort
Bend, Freestone, Garza, Hockley, Jack, Lee, Limestone, Lubbock, Lynn, McLennan,
Milam, Nolan, Parker, Robertson, Scurry and Taylor.

People in these counties and 23 others neighboring them in the basin can apply
for loans.

The drought has been hard on countless farmers across Texas. Farmers and
ranchers depend on regular rainfall to sustain their livelihood, HayBarn.com
owner Hank Neal said.

Haybarn.com, a site devoted to helping farmers nationwide find hay during
droughts, is one site seeing an increase in web traffic from desperate Texas
farmers using ads to find hay and other farming assistance.

"I'm continuing to see some really sad emails from farmers who can't afford to
feed their herds," Neal said. "Hopefully this loan will help provide some
relief."

AgriLife Extension Service economists estimate Texas has already lost about $6
billion in revenue caused by the drought.

The loans can be used to replace or restore essential property, pay production
costs from the disaster year, pay essential family living expenses, reorganize
the farming operation and refinance certain debts, according to the USDA.

To be eligible for the loan, farmers and ranchers must be established family
farm operators who suffered at least a 30 percent loss to their crop production
or livestock and have an acceptable credit history, among other factors.

The low-interest loan offer for these counties expires in eight months,
according to the USDA.

"Texas farmers have experienced severe drought conditions over a long period of
time, which has caused major losses to a wide variety of crops such as forage
crops, pasture, corn, oats and wheat," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in
a press release. "[We are] committed to using the resources at our disposal to
reduce the impact of these disasters on Texas producers and help to get those
affected back on their feet."

To learn about the emergency loan requirements or the emergency declaration and
other types of agricultural assistance, visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2012 the Cleburne Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) Visit the Cleburne
Times-Review (Cleburne, Texas) at www.cleburnetimesreview.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120118-XT-More-aid-rolls-in-for-Johnson-County-farmers-0118-20120118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XT


                      Copyright 2012 Cleburne Times-Review


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Your Safety Company Inc.

                                 111 Quarry Rd
                            Chambersburg,  PA 17202
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 717-267-2363
URL: http://www.yoursafetycompany.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/Volusion
https://twitter.com/volusion

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 38232181

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, ISO 9000
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Your Safety Company Inc. is a company focussed on First Aid, Lighting, Safety
Products, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, and 8 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Your Safety Company Inc. does business in
the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 27 other
major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Your Safety Company carries a complete line of first aid, safety
product, and AED"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42345000
SIC CODES:
50470100
CAGE CODES:
4RRH1
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Lighting
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Bulk Packaging
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Woodworking


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Butane
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Ethyl
     ·    Ethyl Alcohol
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Graphite
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    Polyurethane Foam
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Sodium Bicarbonate
     ·    Sodium Citrate
     ·    Steel
     ·    Xenon


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetaminophen, Acid, Adhesive Tapes, Alcohol, Ammonium,
Analgesics, Antacids, Anti-Fog Coatings, Antibiotics, Antiseptics, Applicators,
Aspirin, Baseballs, Batons, Battery Accessories, Bells, Belts, Bulbs, Bulk
Packaging, Bump Caps, Butane, Buttons, Calculators, Camouflage, Can Handles,
Candles, Candy, Canvas, Caplets, Carbon, Carbon Zinc Batteries, Cartridges,
Channels, Chemicals, Cleansers, Clothing, Coated Gloves, Coffees, Cohesive
Tapes, Cord, Cotton, Cotton Cord, Coupons, Credit Cards, Cuffs, Defibrillators,
Door Locks, Double Palm Gloves, Earplugs, Emergency Kits, Emergency Shelters,
Ethyl, Ethyl Alcohol, Feet, First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First
Aid Supplies, Flags, Flanges, Flashlights, Folders, Fuel Cells, Fuses, Games,
Gears, Gels, Glass, Gold, Graphite, Guides, Guns, Hard Hats, Hats, Hearing
Protection, Helmets, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Ice, Interlocks, Iron, Jersey
Gloves, Jerseys, Keychains, Lasers, Latex Gloves, Leather, Leather Palm Gloves,
LED Lights, Lenses, Lighters, Lighting, Lights, Lime, Lugs, Mailing Lists,
Masks, Measures, Medical Devices, Mercury, Motorcycles, Neoprene, Nitrile
Gloves, Nitriles, Nylon, Nylon Gloves, Ointments, Packaging, Paper Bags,
Patches, Pearls, Pillows, Plastic Adhesives, Plastic Cases, Plastic Fabrics,
Plastic Strips, Plastics, Polish, Polycarbonate Lenses, Polyester, Polyethylene,
Polyurethane, Polyurethane Foam, Profiles, Protective Clothing, Protectors, PVC,
Radios, Rainwear, Ratchets, Remote Controls, Respirators, Retail Tags, Rings,
Rubber, Safety Equipment, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Products,
Shelters, Silver, Sodium, Sodium Bicarbonate, Sodium Citrate, Solutions, Spray
Pumps, Sprays, Squeeze Bottles, Steel, Stoppers, Storage Cases, String Knit
Gloves, Sunscreens, Survival Kits, Survival Tools, Suspensions, Swabs, Tablets,
Tags, Tool Belts, Towelettes, Vans, Wall Brackets, Woodworking, Work Gloves,
Xenon, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Audio Visual Aids

                                2903 N Flores St
                             San Antonio,  TX 78212
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 210-732-1234
URL: http://www.audiovisualaids.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9938936

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Audio Visual Aids is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Flats,
Panels, Projectors, Digital Cameras, Video Cameras, and 13 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Audio Visual Aids does business in
the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Architecture Industries, as well as 18 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Audio Visual Aids has at least 2 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "State of the
art audio video and communication solutions. San Antonio company serves business
and government offices, schools, stores, restaurants and churches in South and
Central Texas."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Radio, Television, and Electronic Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
76220000
CAGE CODES:
44135
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Flats
     ·    Panels
     ·    Projectors
     ·    Digital Cameras
     ·    Video Cameras


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Communication Networks
     ·    Lamps
     ·    Projectors
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Tablets
     ·    Digital Cameras
     ·    Video Cameras


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Audio-Visual Services
     ·    Banding
     ·    Bridging
     ·    Edge Banding


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gold
     ·    Perforated Steel
     ·    Platinum
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Women Owned Business, Women-Owned Small Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alkaline Batteries, Amplifiers, Angles, Antennas, Aquariums,
Architects, Audio Cables, Audio-Visual Services, Backgrounds, Banding, Battery
Chargers, Battery Packs, Beacons, Boilers, Braces, Bridging, Bulbs, Buttons,
Cable Conduits, Cable Management Systems, Camcorders, Can Handles, Cassette
Recorders, Cassettes, Channels, Closeouts, Columbium, Communication Networks,
Computer Cables, Computer Furniture, Concrete Anchors, Control Systems, Cookies,
Crutches, Digital Cameras, DVD Players, Easels, Edge Banding, Feeds, Filters,
Flat Panel Displays, Flats, Furniture, Gears, Glides, Gold, Guides, Headsets,
Heavy Duty Casters, High-Pass Filters, Hoods, Intercoms, Interface Cables,
Jacks, Jerseys, Lamps, Levers, Lighters, Lighting, Lights, Markerboards,
Mechanisms, Memory Cards, Microphones, Monitoring Systems, Mountings, Notebooks,
Panel Displays, Panels, Perforated Steel, Photo Printers, Pictures, Pins,
Platforms, Platinum, Posts, Power Cables, Precision Gears, Printers, Projection
Lamps, Projection Screens, Projectors, PVC, Quick Release Latches, Receivers,
Recorders, Rings, Rounds, Rubber, Safety Cables, Satellites, Shutters, Silver,
Solutions, Speakers, Steel, Strand Wire, Suspended Ceilings, Table Rolls, Table
Tops, Tables, Tablets, Telephones, Tension Controls, TNC Connectors, Towers,
Training Tables, Transmitters, Tripods, Turnbuckles, Video Cables, Video
Cameras, Volume Controls, Wire, Wireless Microphones, Workstations

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 22, 1989, Tuesday, City Edition

Report says CDC short of staff to wage fight against AIDS

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL DIGEST; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.; LOS ANGELES



WASHINGTON - The federal Centers for Disease Control (CDC) is short of    staff
to help manage the fight against AIDS, according to a report    released Monday
by Sen. John Glenn, D-Ohio. The report from the General    Accounting Office,
the congressional investigating agency, said staff    shortages at the
Atlanta-based CDC may be seriously impairing federal,    state and local AIDS
prevention programs. "With no known cure for    AIDS, prevention is
all-important," Glenn said.



 Executive, wife found slain

 BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. - An entertainment executive who once headed
RCA-Ariola records and U.S. operations for the Hertz Corp., and his    wife were
shot to death in their Beverly Hill mansion late Sunday,    authorities said
Monday. The bodies of Jose E. Menendez, 45, and Mary    Louise "Kitty" Menendez,
44, were discovered about midnight by one of    their two sons. Menendez was
chairman of the Board of LIVE    Entertainment Inc., which buys video rights to
feature films.



 U.S., Soviets mull new park

 WASHINGTON - The United States and the Soviet Union are discussing    creation
of a joint international park in the Bering Strait between    Alaska and
Siberia, an official of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) said    Monday. WWF Vice
President Curtin Bohlen said U.S. Park Service    officials are scheduled to
meet with their Soviet counterparts in    Siberia Sept. 5 to discuss possible
sites.



 L.A. battling fruit flies

 LOS ANGELES - The first batch of 300-million sterile Mediterranean    fruit
flies were released from the air and from trucks in the center of    Los Angeles
Monday in an attempt to wipe out all traces of the    crop-destroying pest.
Forty adult flies have been found in Elysian    Park, a mostly open city area
which includes the city police academy.    "We suspect the flies may have been
brought here by travelers from    Central America, South America, Hawaii or
Mexico," county agricultural    commissioner Leon Spaugy said. The sterile
flies, bred in a laboratory    in Hawaii, help stop female flies laying fertile
eggs.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 27, 2012 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

With Farm Bill Delayed, House Works on Short-Term Aid Measure

BYLINE: By RON NIXON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE CAUCUS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 457 words


After delaying action on a sweeping farm bill, House leaders are now working to
shape interim legislation that would aid farmers hit hard by a drought that has
devastated large swaths of cropland and threatens livestock operations in the
Midwest, lawmakers said on Thursday.

Even as the idea of new legislation emerged, it remained unclear if lawmakers
would use the opportunity to renew existing agriculture programs in the absence
of a broader farm bill or would simply pass a disaster aid bill that would
provide relief to cattle, pork and poultry farmers, who have been especially
hard hit by the drought. Several disaster assistance programs for livestock
producers that were in the 2008 farm bill expired last year.

''I do believe the House will address the livestock disaster program that
unfortunately in the last farm bill was only authorized for four years,''
Speaker John A. Boehner said on Thursday.

This week, the Agriculture Department said that 55 percent of the nation's
pasture and range land was now in poor to very poor condition. Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack designated 76 additional counties in six states as drought
disaster areas, bringing the total for the 2012 crop year to 1,369 counties
across 31 states.

Members of the Senate, which passed its version of the farm bill in May, have
been waiting on the House to vote on the bill, and they say they are opposed to
extending the current farm bill. Senators said an extension would delay the
changes they approved in cutting farm subsidies and food stamps and improving
crop insurance. Both the House and the Senate farm bills eliminate the $5
billion-a-year subsidies paid to cotton, grain and soybean growers whether they
plant crops or not.

House leaders have delayed the farm bill in hopes of averting a fight between
Republicans over a proposal for steep cuts in food stamps and over the potential
cost of the bill, which totals $996 billion over the next 10 years. The House
bill would cut $16.5 billion from the food stamp program. The Senate bill would
cut $4.5 billion.

''If the House intends to send us a bill that will be used to negotiate the farm
bill during August, I am open to that approach,'' Senator Debbie Stabenow, the
Michigan Democrat who leads the Agriculture Committee, said in a statement.
''However, a short-term extension is bad for farmers and our agricultural
economy.''

''If Congress does what Congress always does and kicks the can down the road
with a short-term extension, there will be no reform, direct payments will
continue, we'll lose the opportunity for major deficit reduction and we'll
deliver a real blow to our economic recovery,'' Ms. Stabenow said.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Corn plants in Southern Illinois on Thursday. More than half of
the nation's pasture and range land is deemed to be in poor or very poor
condition. (PHOTOGRAPH BY SCOTT OLSON/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                            January 21, 2000, Friday

US farm aid protest

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2; BRIEF

LENGTH: 72 words


Trade Negotiations Minister Jim Sutton has asked New Zealand's embassy in
Washington to lodge a protest with the US Department of Agriculture at the $ 194
million farm aid package unveiled last weekend. A spokesman for Mr Sutton, who
is also agriculture minister, said he issued the instruction on Tuesday after
learning of the US Government's handouts for sheep farmers.

-- NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 7, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Former Agriculture Official Named in Corruption Case

BYLINE: By DANNY HAKIM

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 536 words


ALBANY -- A former top agriculture regulator used his position to steer $100,000
in aid to a nonprofit group that employed his wife as a consultant, according to
an investigation report obtained by The New York Times.

The office of Inspector General Ellen N. Biben, which wrote the report, is
referring the case to the state ethics commission and to the Albany County
district attorney.

The regulator, Jerry Cosgrove, who was deputy commissioner of the state
Department of Agriculture and Markets until he was fired last year because of
the investigation, denied the allegations made in the report, according to his
lawyer.

Department staff members had initially rejected an aid application from the
group, the New York Agricultural Land Trust, which paid Mr. Cosgrove's wife,
Judy Anderson, $150,000 over three years. But according to the report, Mr.
Cosgrove demanded that the land trust receive money; one employee testified that
Mr. Cosgrove said, ''If they don't receive funding, heads are going to roll.''

Mr. Cosgrove is also accused of inflating the aid program used to finance the
land trust, boosting it to $1 million annually from $500,000, though the program
was ultimately suspended amid the investigation; of signing off on tens of
thousands of dollars' worth of legislative grants that went to the trust; and of
approving a $50,000 consulting contract for his former employer, the American
Farmland Trust, even though he had initiated negotiations over the contract
before he left his previous job.

Mr. Cosgrove's lawyer, Jonathan B. Fellows, denied any wrongdoing by his client.

''The reason Jerry was put into this position was his experience in farmland
preservation and protection,'' said Mr. Fellows, who had not seen the report.
''Everyone knew that he worked for American Farmland Trust for 15 years and his
wife worked in the same field.''

Mr. Fellows said Mr. Cosgrove had disclosed his potential conflicts of interest
to three top officials in the Department of Agriculture and Markets, including
the commissioner and the agency's counsel. He also sought an opinion from the
Commission on Public Integrity, which regulates compliance with state ethics
laws.

John Milgrim, a spokesman for Ms. Biben, declined to comment.

The inspector general's office contends in its report, which is expected to be
officially released on Thursday, that Mr. Cosgrove misled the integrity
commission when he sought its opinion. Among other things, he did not disclose
that his wife did consulting work for the specific grant program that led to the
$100,000 grant.

Investigators also asked Mr. Cosgrove if he had told subordinates that ''heads
are going to roll.''

''You know, should I have said that? No,'' he replied. ''But looking at the
facts, being frustrated by the, you know, the situation at the time, there was
probably something that could have been construed to that, but I don't think I
would ever use the phrase 'heads will roll.' ''

The agricultural agency exonerated Mr. Cosgrove in its own investigation in
2009. Several weeks ago, The Times submitted a state Freedom of Information Law
request seeking records of that investigation, but received only two pages of
scrawled notes related to the grant process.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          February 27, 2008 Wednesday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

Cuts strike at heart of the Garden State

BYLINE: By Jacqueline L. Urgo and Kristen A. Graham; Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Inq South Jersey; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 932 words


HAMMONTON, N.J. - In this heart of South Jersey farming, the self-proclaimed
"Blueberry Capital of the World," residents had one question yesterday:

Isn't this the Garden State?

That question arose after Gov. Corzine, in his annual budget address, proposed
eliminating the state Department of Agriculture - an agency farmers see as a
vital source of information and advocacy.

"It's a real slap in the face to anyone involved in the agriculture industry,"
said Evelyn Penza, whose family has been farming for generations.

"It's very difficult for any of us to comprehend how we can be called the Garden
State, and yet will lack a Department of Agriculture," said Penza, who operates
the Red Barn Farm Market and Café. "We now have so much competition from
international markets that we need all the support we can get in retaining the
family farms."

Peter Bylone, manager of the Vineland Produce Auction, one of the oldest
farmer-operated cooperatives in the nation, said farming would become more
challenging.

"From an advocacy perspective, we are going to be on the losing end," Bylone
said. "From a practical perspective, it could become a bureaucratic nightmare
for us."

"Instead of one-stop shopping, farmers will now have to deal with an alphabet
soup of government agencies, he said, referring to the proposal to incorporate
some of the functions of the agriculture department into other state
departments.

Ed Wengryn, a spokesman for the New Jersey Farm Bureau, an advocacy group for
farmers, said his agency is urging its members to challenge Corzine's plan.

"Looking at it strictly from a numbers perspective, we don't see where any
savings is going to come from," Wengryn said. "All the programs and permitting
would still have to be done."

Also set to take a hit under the governor's proposed budget are hospitals. The
governor called for cutting charity-care payments - which help hospitals pay for
those who are uninsured and underinsured - to $608 million, down from $716
million.

Rich Miller, president and chief executive officer of Virtua Health, which runs
hospitals and health services across South Jersey, said Virtua provided $15
million of charity care at Medicaid rates, which are below cost, in 2007, but
was reimbursed for $2.6 million.

Virtua's charity work "is continuing to grow and our reimbursements are
dwindling," said Miller.

This is nothing new. He said the problem, which has been around for 15 years, is
shutting down hospitals.

"Now what you're seeing is a hospital crisis. We can't do it anymore," he said.

Although he said he understood Corzine faced tough choices, Miller called on the
state "to come forward and take care of this social issue and provide coverage
for the underinsured and uninsured in New Jersey."

Corzine's budget also meant bad news for municipalities. His proposed $1.8
billion in aid to towns represents a decrease of about $190 million.

In Cherry Hill, officials are tired of the "shell game," said Dan Keashen,
spokesman for Mayor Bernie Platt.

"The township is disappointed in the governor's decision to cut municipal aid,
and believes this budget adds up to passing the buck onto the dining-room table
of our residents," Keashen said.

Chris Tassi is mayor of Audubon, a town of just under 10,000. Corzine's plan is
to target towns of that size and smaller, which will be given priority in grants
for consolidation and shared services.

Tassi said he had heard whispers of what was coming down from Trenton, but the
job of finding places to cut will be tough.

"We're in the middle of doing our budget now, and there's going to have to be a
tightening of everything. Every line item," he said.

One group that will see a significant increase in aid, not a cut, is New
Jersey's public schools.

Under Corzine's proposed budget, school aid would increase by about $532
million. The increase is the result of a formula for school funding that the
governor championed and that narrowly won state legislative approval last month.

Under the formula, which will require state Supreme Court approval, education
aid would be spread more evenly across districts with poor youngsters - as
opposed to concentrating the funds on the so-called Abbott districts, largely
disadvantaged urban districts.

Actual district-by-district aid figures will not be released until tomorrow,
according to education spokesman Jon Zlock. However, based on earlier figures,
all districts would get some aid increase - at least 2 percent and no more than
20 percent.

Camden, an Abbott district, was projected to get the minimum increase. Black
Horse Pike Regional, a needy district that is not an Abbott, could receive the
maximum aid boost. Cherry Hill, a relatively affluent suburban district, was
looking at a 10 percent increase. But because it spends more per student than
what the state deems adequate, under the new formula, the district could have to
use some of its aid to provide property-tax relief.

Despite some misgivings about the impact of the new funding formula, the New
Jersey School Boards Association commended the proposed budget.

"Against the backdrop of state budget cutbacks, the increase in education
funding will relieve or stabilize property-tax burdens in a significant number
of communities," said executive director Marie E. Bilik. "The recommended
appropriation will also provide a needed infusion of aid to many programs that
have been flat-funded for six years."

Contact staff writer Kristen Graham at 856-779-3970 or kgraham@phillynews.com.

Inquirer staff writers Cynthia Burton and Rita Giordano contributed to this
article.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 21, 1998, Saturday

Weather-weary farmers eligible for assistance

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; BRIEFLY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 157 words



Hernando County, which has been designated a disaster area by President  Clinton
as a result of recent severe storms, is eligible to receive assistance  from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.

Eligible family farmers may qualify for emergency loan assistance for  repairing
or restoring damaged farm property, reimbursement of expenses  already incurred,
reimbursement of production expenses for damaged or  destroyed crop and
livestock enterprises and producing new crops.

Loans are limited to family-size farm operators and $ 500,000 total
indebtedness, 80 percent of the calculated actual production loss and 100
percent of the actual physical loss.

Payment terms depend on the purpose of the loan and the applicant's ability  to
repay the loan. Applications may be obtained from the Pasco/Hernando FSA
office, One Pasco Center, 30407 Commerce Drive, San Antonio, or call (352)
588-5211.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Weld Aid Products

                               14650 Dequindre St
                               Detroit,  MI 48212
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 313-883-6977
URL: http://www.weldaid.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 35976098

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ASTM
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Weld Aid Products is a supplier focussed on Sheets, Cold Galvanizing,
Fabricators, Galvanizing, Grinding, and 7 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Weld Aid Products does business in the Agriculture,
Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 18 other major Manufacturing
Industries. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Weld-Aid has
a full range of welding aids and anti-spatter products to solve the following
welding downtime problems: Nozzle spatter build-up; Nozzle tip and nozzle liner
wear; Welding wire jams; and welding spatter on parts, tools, and fixtures."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; All Other Miscellaneous Chemical Product and
Preparation Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
32599800
SIC CODES:
28990000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Sheets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Cold Galvanizing
     ·    Fabricators
     ·    Galvanizing
     ·    Grinding
     ·    Hot Dip Galvanizing
     ·    Machining


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acetates
     ·    Acetone
     ·    Acid
     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Alkalies
     ·    Ammonia
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Butane
     ·    Butyl
     ·    Butyl Acetate
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Copolymers
     ·    Ethers
     ·    Ethyl
     ·    Ethyl Ether
     ·    Ethylbenzene
     ·    Gases
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Limestone
     ·    Mild Steel
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Oleic Acid
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Ozone
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Talc
     ·    Viton
     ·    Xylene
     ·    Zinc Dust
     ·    Zinc Oxide


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acetates, Acetone, Acid, Activated Sludge, Aerosol
Cans, Aerosols, Alcohol, Alkalies, Ammonia, Ammonium, Butane, Butyl, Butyl
Acetate, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Cartridges, Chemicals, Cleaners, Cloth,
Clothing, Coats, Cold Galvanizing, Compounds, Contact Lenses, Containers,
Contaminants, Copolymers, Derivatives, Diffusers, Distillates, Drums, Dry Wells,
Elements, Emergency Showers, Emergency Telephones, Ethers, Ethyl, Ethyl Ether,
Ethylbenzene, Explosives, Eye Wash Fountains, Fabricators, Face Shields, Feeds,
Fencing, First Aid, Flares, Flashing, Fountains, Galvanizing, Gas Diffusers,
Gases, Gels, Generators, Glands, Glass, Goggles, Grinding, Guns, Hot Dip
Galvanizing, Leather, Leather Gloves, Lenses, Lighting, Lights, Limestone,
Lubricants, Machining, Measures, Metal Parts, Mild Steel, Mineral Oils, Mops,
Neoprene, Nitriles, Nitrogen, Non-Sparking Tools, Oleic Acid, Organic, Organs,
Oxidizers, Oxygen, Ozone, Partitions, Pen Parts, Pens, Polymers, Power
Generators, Primers, Protective Clothing, Respirators, Robotics, Rubber, Safety
Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Showers, Scales, Seed, Sheets, Shoes, Showers,
Silicone, Silicones, Silver, Soap, Solutions, Solvents, Spray Cans, Sprays,
Stainless Steel, Steel, Steel Wire, Sweeps, Tables, Talc, Targets, Telephones,
Torches, Towers, Viton, Waste Treatment, Welding Guns, Welding Wire, Wire, Wire
Feeds, Work Clothing, Xylene, Yellows, Zinc Dust, Zinc Oxide

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Memorandum: Require food service employees to obtain first aid training in CPR
and the Heimlich maneuver

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Memorandum:



  From:     Representative Stephen Kinsey

 To:     All House members

 Subject:     Require food service employees to obtain first aid training in CPR
and the Heimlich maneuver



 Colleagues, when the House returns for the upcoming legislative session, I will
introduce free-standing legislation intended to require food service employees
of retail food establishments to obtain first aid training in CPR and the
Heimlich maneuver. The term "retail food establishment" would be defined to mean
"any public eating or drinking place which serves food or beverages, with
charge, to the public for on-premises consumption and which is required to
register with the Department of Agriculture in accordance with 3 Pa.C.S. §5734."




 Briefly, my legislation would require employees of food establishments where
food is served for on-premises consumption to secure training and certification
in emergency first aid.

Such first aid training would include instruction in the Heimlich maneuver,
pursuant to a training program approved by the Department of Health as described
in the Red Cross Manual 32-1138 and CPR pursuant to a training program provided
by the Red Cross or a similar organization, as approved by the Department of
Health. The Department of Health would be required to consult with the
Department of Agriculture to determine whether any or all employees of retail
food facilities under 3 Pa.C.S. §5703 should be exempt from the first aid
training and certification requirement.



 As provided in the proposal, a proprietor of a food establishment could
designate at least one food service employee who holds a valid first aid
training certificate to be present at all hours during which food or beverages
are sold or offered for sale. In such cases, training and certification could be
waived for all other food service employees. The training and certification
requirement could also be waived in cases of undue hardship, and when a local
health authority would determine that a food service employee's work assignment
renders first aid training impracticable or unnecessary. As stipulated in the
legislation, no food establishment, proprietor of a food establishment or food
service employee would be civil or criminally liable for a good faith
application of emergency first aid by a trained and certified food service
employee.



 Furthermore, the legislation would require proprietors of retail food
establishments to post graphic displays of the Heimlich maneuver in conspicuous
areas of the food establishment. The posting would depict, in both words and
pictures, the signs to look for to determine if an individual is choking and the
method for performing the anti-choking procedure. Other provisions of the
legislation enumerate the powers and duties of the Department of Health and
local health authorities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Hunger in the News: Food Aid, Food Stamp Committee, Ferguson, School Lunch

LENGTH: 265  words


Washington, D.C.: Bread for the World has issued the following news release:

"Potentially damaging food aid reform cut from Coast Guard bill," by Tom Murphy,
Humanosphere.  "Advocates for international food aid claimed victory this week
after the Senate cut a provision that they say would have hurt efforts to
deliver food effectively to people in need around the world. The new version of
the bill passed both the Senate and House on Wednesday."

"UN resumes food aid for Syrian refugees," Al Jazeera.  "The UN World Food
Programme will restart its food aid for 1.7 million refugees in Jordan, Lebanon,
Turkey, Iraq and Egypt after it received enough donations to fund the suspended
programme."

"House Agriculture Chief Plans 'Thoughtful," Look at Food Stamps," by Tennille
Tracy, The Wall Street Journal.  "Rep. Mike Conaway (R., Texas), the newly
appointed chair of the House Agriculture Committee, is pledging to undertake a
"thoughtful" review of food stamps."

"The fury of Ferguson," The Economist. "Solving the problems of places like
Ferguson is less about passing more anti-discrimination laws than about
rekindling economic growth and spreading the proceeds."

"Health groups fear bill could lead to return of pizza, fries in schools," by
Lydia Wheeler, The Hill. "The bill known as "cromnibus," contains language that
would allow states to exempt struggling districts from having to offer all whole
grain products and eases requirements for schools to reduce sodium levels.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Think Safe, Inc.

                                4080 1st Ave NE
                                   Ste Cedar
                            Cedar Rapids,  IA 52402
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 319-377-5125
URL: http://www.think-safe.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/247pressrelease
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Think-Safe/436675315566
http://www.facebook.com/sciencedaily
http://www.linkedin.com/company/24-7-press-release-distribution-newswire
http://www.linkedin.com/in/62886288
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/greg-stebral/25/156/310
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/matt-wickham/9/74a/9b4
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/melinda-mindy-boyles/6b/278/429
https://plus.google.com/+sciencedaily
https://plus.google.com/109000124032577298634/posts
https://twitter.com/247pressrelease
https://twitter.com/sciencedaily
https://twitter.com/thinksafe
https://www.linkedin.com/company/sciencedaily

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 11175376

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, FDA Approved
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Think Safe, Inc. is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on First Aid,
Platforms, Safety Products, Solutions, First Aid Kits, and 12 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Think Safe, Inc. does business in
the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 26 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Think Safe, Inc. has at least 4 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Surgical and Medical Instrument
Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33911200
SIC CODES:
50470000
CAGE CODES:
488V5
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Platforms
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Defibrillators
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Laptop Computers
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Safety Training Programs


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Clam Shells
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Women's Business Enterprise National Council


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Aerosols, Agendas, Aircraft, Alkaline Batteries,
Analyzers, Anesthetics, Antimicrobials, Architects, Aspirin, Automobiles,
Backgrounds, Backpacks, Battery Cans, Battery Chargers, Battery Electrodes,
Battery Housings, Battery Packs, Billfolds, Biologicals, Bookmarks, Briefs,
Brochures, Buttons, Calendars, Cannulas, Carrying Cases, Cartridges, Carvers,
Channels, Chemicals, Chests, Circuit Boards, Clam Shells, Clamshells, Cloth,
Cloth Tapes, Contact Pins, Containers, Contaminants, Control Centers, Credit
Cards, Data Cables, Defibrillators, Desks, Digital Thermometers, Disinfectants,
Duffel Bags, Earphones, Electrical Components, Electrodes, Electronic
Components, Elements, Emergency Equipment, Endotracheal Tubes, Face Shields,
Feeds, Feet, Filters, Fire Blankets, Fire Safety, Firewalls, First Aid, First
Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flux, Graphic Displays, Grids, Guides, Hardware,
Headers, Helicopters, Intakes, Jets, Keychains, Laptop Computers, Latex-Free
Gloves, LCR Meters, Lights, Lithium Batteries, Masks, Measures, Medical Devices,
Membrane Switches, Message Centers, Metal Cabinets, Mounting Brackets,
Mountings, Nets, Nitriles, Nylon, Nylon Bags, Organs, OSHA Training, Overalls,
Oxygen, Packaging, Panels, Pens, Pictures, Pillows, Pills, Pins, Plastic Bags,
Plastics, Platforms, Posters, Posts, Power Transmission, Power Transmissions,
Printed Circuit Boards, Printed Circuits, Profiles, Radios, Ramps, Reference
Materials, Registers, Replacement Seals, Resistors, Safety Products, Safety
Training Programs, Sample Cases, Scoops, Scopes, Scrapers, Security Systems,
Sheets, Sirens, Solder, Solutions, Stairs, Stickers, Stoppers, Surface Mount,
Survival Kits, Tables, Tags, Thermometers, Toggle Valves, Toggles, Tourniquets,
Towels, Tracking Systems, Training Workshops, Transistors, Transitions,
Transmissions, Trim, Vans, Vessels, Wall Brackets, Wire, Wood Cabinets, Yellows,
Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

NATION DIGEST

BYLINE: From news services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 573 words


Agriculture chief returning to Cabinet

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack will keep his job in President Barack Obama's
second term.

USDA communications director Matt Paul said Monday that Obama asked Vilsack to
stay in his post and Vilsack accepted. Vilsack is the former Democratic governor
of Iowa.

The farm economy has thrived under Vilsack's tenure, but his job hasn't been as
easy in Washington. He is expected to spend the next several months lobbying
Congress to pass a farm bill that would extend agriculture subsidies and
domestic food aid.

Farm-state lawmakers' efforts to pass that bill failed in the last Congress.

Meanwhile, Obama is considering two women for senior economic positions,
weighing Ruth Porat, chief financial officer at Morgan Stanley, for deputy
Treasury secretary and Wal-Mart Foundation President Sylvia Mathews Burwell for
budget director, according to people familiar with the matter.

Scrutiny has been mounting over the number of women and minorities that will
surround the nation's first black president in his second term. Cabinet members
who are departing at the end of his first term are being replaced largely by
white men. But Obama said critics should wait until the remaining vacancies have
been filled.

Clinton to testify o Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton will testify Jan.
23 before the House Foreign Affairs Committee about the deadly Sept. 11 assault
on the U.S. mission in Libya.

That's the word from Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., chairman of the panel. He said in
a statement late Monday that Clinton will answer questions about the raid that
killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans in Benghazi.

Clinton had been scheduled to testify last month but she suffered a concussion
when she fell during an illness. She was later hospitalized with a blood clot in
her head.

Bush released from hospital o Former President George Bush, 88, has left a
Houston hospital where he spent nearly two months recovering from an illness
that began with a bronchitis-related cough.

Arizona OKs Medicaid expansion o Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said Monday that she
plans to push for an expansion of the state's Medicaid program under the federal
health care law, a surprising decision that could have an impact on other
Republican governors weighing a similar decision. Brewer has opposed the federal
health care law known as the Affordable Care Act, citing worries over a
potential overreliance on federal funding.

Sandy aid package o House conservatives opposed to more deficit spending tried
Monday to chip away at the $50.7 billion Superstorm Sandy aid package by
requiring offsetting spending cuts to pay for recovery efforts and by stripping
money for projects they say are unrelated to the Oct. 29 storm or not urgently
needed.

The push by budget hawks for amendments sets up a fight with Northeast lawmakers
in both parties eager to provide recovery aid for one of the worst storms ever
to strike the region.

Cold grips West o As an unusual cold spell gripped parts of the West for a fifth
day, some California citrus growers reported damage to crops and an agriculture
official said national prices on lettuce have started to rise because of lost
produce in Arizona.

In California's San Joaquin Valley, where farmers are fighting to protect about
$1.5 billion worth of citrus fruit on their trees, Sunday temperatures dropped
to 25 degrees in some areas and stayed low longer than previous nights.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            July 25, 2001 Wednesday

Environmental groups: Shift farm money to conservation programs; Federal aid:
Data show that most of the subsidies go to grain and cotton farmers in a small
number of states

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a9

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congress should shift half of all federal farm spending into conservation
programs, away from payments that subsidize crop production, a coalition of
environmental groups said Tuesday.

That would help reduce the runoff from farms and livestock operations that fouls
rivers and streams and also benefit areas of the country that receive relatively
little money from federal farm programs, the groups said.

"Less than 10 percent of the money Congress spends now helps farmers help the
environment," said Tim Searchinger, a lawyer for Environment Defense, one of the
groups making the recommendation to Congress.

On Thursday, the House Agriculture Committee is set to begin writing legislation
that will govern farm and nutrition programs for the next 10 years.

A $$ @168 billion plan proposed by the committee's Republican chairman and
senior Democrat would steer much of the money into subsidies for grain, cotton
and soybean farmers. About $$ @15 billion would go into conservation programs,
primarily the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, which helps crops
farmers and livestock producers pay for improvements.

Under existing farm programs, too much of the money goes to grain and cotton
farmers in a relatively small number of states, according to data compiled by
the environmental groups.

North Dakota, for example, receives 27 cents in federal subsidies for every
dollar of agricultural production, a bigger share than any other state, followed
by Montana at 24 cents, and Illinois and Louisiana, at 18 cents each.

California and Pennsylvania, by contrast, each receive about two cents in
federal aid for every dollar of their agricultural production, and Florida
receives one cent. Fruits, vegetables and livestock, which are major commodities
in those states, received relatively little federal aid.

"Traditional programs are inequitable in part because they are limited to the
production of wheat, feed grains and cotton, which actually generate only
one-fifth of the value of the country's agriculture," according to a report by
the groups.

In addition to Environmental Defense, other groups involved in writing the
report were American Farmland Trust, Center for Science in the Public Interest,
Defenders of Wildlife, the Environmental Working Group and Trout Unlimited.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                         ENT and Allergy Associates,LLC

                                990 Stewart Ave
                                    Ste 610
                             Garden City,  NY 11530
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 718-971-2490
URL: http://www.entandallergy.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/entdocs
http://www.facebook.com/pages/ENT-and-Allergy-Associates/121414484556123
http://www.youtube.com/user/eaallp
http://www.youtube.com/user/NoseMD
http://www.youtube.com/user/NoseMD?ob=0&feature=results_main
https://plus.google.com/+EntandallergyAssociates/
https://twitter.com/ENT_and_Allergy

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 10388177

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Large (1001-5000 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
ENT and Allergy Associates,LLC is a company focussed on Hearing Aids, Jerseys,
and 2 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. ENT and
Allergy Associates,LLC does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and
Automotive Industries, as well as 18 other major Manufacturing Industries. ENT
and Allergy Associates,LLC has at least 53 business locations. The company
describes itself via it's website thusly: "ENT and Allergy is the largest ENT
Practice in the United States. We treat patients of all ages with disorders that
include Allergies & Asthma. Find ENT Doctors and Allergists by Insurance."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
62111100
SIC CODES:
59990903
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Jerseys


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gold
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acid, Antibiotics, Appliances, Aspirin, Backgrounds, Balloons,
Beds, Bells, Brochures, Candy, Capsules, Chairs, Channels, Chemicals, Chokes,
Columbium, Cosmetics, Dials, Dishes, Disks, Electrodes, Emblems, Endoscopes,
Felt, Fiber, Filters, Filtration Systems, Flats, Glands, Globes, Gold, Gum,
Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Jerseys, Lamps, Lasers, Lifts, Lights,
Linings, Magazine Covers, Masks, Measures, Mechanisms, Medical Devices, Molds,
Nitrogen, Overalls, Oxygen, Patches, Pictures, Plastics, Polish, Posts,
Railroads, Sacks, Scopes, Seed, Showers, Signals, Sprays, Suits, Tables,
Telephones, Test Tubes, Tongue Depressors, Transitions, Warning Signs, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 2, 2000 Thursday

STUDY: U.S. AID A BOON TO FARMERS

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 731 words


A state attempt to help Minnesota farmers survive last year's low prices
probably didn't do much to keep financially strapped farm families out of
bankruptcy. But federal aid appears to have played a more significant role,
according to University of Minnesota economists who have studied farm relief
data.

The amount of state aid averaged $1,473 per farm, and that was too little to
make much difference to farms in financial trouble, said economist Steve Taff.
At the same time, a significant share of the state money ended up in the hands
of farmers and farmland owners who had no financial problems.

Separately, evidence is building that 1999 federal farm aid bailed out Minnesota
farmers for the second year in a row.

Kent Olson, economist and coordinator of farm management studies for
southwestern and southeastern Minnesota, said preliminary data show that
government payments provided the bulk of net farm income on most farms surveyed.

Federal government programs provided about $2 billion to Minnesota farmers last
year, based on USDA records in St. Paul.

In Southwest Minnesota, farmers participating in University of Minnesota farm
management programs had net farm income of $43,853 last year; the average farm
in the study received $44,728 in federal payments.

The previous year, southwestern Minnesota farmers averaged net farm income of
only $8,616 after received federal government payments of $30,021 per farm.

Southeastern Minnesota, supported by a stronger dairy industry, produced better
results last year with average net farm income of $68,561 that was helped by
average government payments of $52,050 per farm, Olson said. In 1998, farmers in
the southeastern counties averaged net income of $65,739 with average government
payments of $23,322 per farm.

"What this says is that our farmers depended on the federal government payments,
but it is harder to draw conclusions about the state help," he said.

Taff agrees. The amount of state aid wouldn't help the really needy, he said,
and it wasn't needed by a lot of people who ended up with the state government
check. He said the state money would be "welcome, but probably not critical" for
the people who received it.

For instance, Taff and colleague Paul Glewwe found that 100 Ramsey County
"farmers" shared $65,421 in state farm aid payments, or an average of $654 per
recipient. The Minnesota Department of Revenue can identify only 15 farms in the
county.

This means urban dwellers who own farmland elsewhere in the state and don't rely
on agriculture to make a living received aid nonetheless.

"All we know is where the checks were sent; not where the farm is located," Taff
said.

Larger Hennepin County, which does have rural areas west of Minneapolis, had 421
farms qualify for $305,810 in state aid, or $726 per farm. The only targeting
attempt the Minnesota Legislature made last year was to restrict benefits for
very small farms and horse farms, Taff said. As a result, about half of Hennepin
County's farms didn't qualify for state aid.

Washington County has about 1,200 legally recognized farms, but the 187 farms
that qualified for state benefits received $1,100 in aid - more in line with the
state average.

About 20 percent of the state payments went to groups organized as farm
partnerships, limited partnerships, family farm corporations, farm management
companies or nonfarm corporations.

Of the 49,000 recipients of state aid last year, 1,562 people living in other
states received $1.5 million in aid for their Minnesota farm holdings.

Federal farm aid has a similar mix of recipients as people who own farms and
their renters decide who will receive government payments, the economists said.
The money often ends up in silk-stocking suburbs, Phoenix and San Diego because
the payments may be used to pay land rents.

While that means taxpayer money often ends up in the hands of wealthy property
owners, that isn't all bad for agriculture, said Olson. The federal dollars
helped keep land prices from collapsing as they did during the 1981-1987 farm
financial crisis, and renting land allows young farmers and new farmers to enter
the business, he said.

Lee Egerstrom, who covers agribusiness and food companies, can be reached at
legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5437.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             Meiners Medical Safety

                               11864 Capital Way
                             Louisville,  KY 40299
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 502-261-0185
URL: http://meinerssafety.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Meiners-Medical-Safety/462701320432545
https://plus.google.com/102990129769971127592/about
https://twitter.com/MeinersSafety

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 11115838

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, FDA Approved
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Meiners Medical Safety is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on
Defibrillators, First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, Overalls, Safety Products, and 10
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Meiners Medical
Safety does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries,
as well as 28 other major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself
via it's website thusly: "Replenish your first aid kit and safety products with
the help of Meiners Medical & Safety based in Louisville, Kentucky."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Medical Dental and Hospital Equipment and
Supplies Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42345000
SIC CODES:
50470300
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Defibrillators
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    Overalls
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Showers
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Carbide
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Cast Iron
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Copper
     ·    Copper Alloys
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Nickel Alloys
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Sheet Metals
     ·    Silicon
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sorbents
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  3M, Frenchcreek Production Inc.


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasives, Additives, Adhesive Tapes, Aerial Lifts, Aerosols,
Air Horns, Alarm Systems, Alcohol, Ammonium, Angles, Antacids, Antibiotics,
Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Apparel, Applicators, Aspirin, Battery Boxes,
Battery Chargers, Battery Packs, Beads, Bevels, Bookmarks, Booms, Brazing Rods,
Bronze, Burn Kits, Burners, Buses, Buttons, Caffeine, Calendars, Carbide,
Carbon, Carbon Electrodes, Cassettes, Cast Iron, Channels, Chemicals, Chests,
Cleaners, Clothing, Collectors, Containers, Control Boxes, Copper, Copper
Alloys, Cotton, Cotton Tip Applicators, Cutting Torches, Defibrillators, Dock
Equipment, Dust Collectors, Electricity, Electrodes, Emergency Kits, Emergency
Lighting, Fasteners, Feet, Fire Extinguishers, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid
Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flashlights, Flux, Footwear,
Forklifts, Freezers, Fuel Cells, Gas Detectors, Gaskets, Gels, Glass, Gold, Gray
Iron Castings, Grip Handles, Guards, Guides, Guns, Hand Tools, Hand Torches,
Hard Hats, Hats, Hearing Protection, Horns, Ice, Insulators, Intakes, Iron, Iron
Castings, Latex Gloves, Levers, Lift Platforms, Lifts, Lighting, Lights,
Lockouts, Lubricants, Marking Tools, Masks, Matting, Measures, Mechanisms,
Nameplates, Nickel, Nickel Alloys, Nitrile Gloves, Nitriles, Nylon, Ointments,
Over-the-Road Trucks, Overalls, Oxygen, Oxygen Regulators, Padding, Padlocks,
Patches, Pens, Pins, Plastic Strips, Plastics, Platforms, Plumbing Equipment,
Posters, Posts, Protective Clothing, Reagents, Registers, Removers, Rentals,
Respirators, Rounds, Safety Equipment, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety
Pins, Safety Products, Safety Training Videos, School Buses, Shackles, Shears,
Sheet Metal, Sheet Metals, Sheets, Shoe Spikes, Shoes, Showers, Signals,
Silicon, Silver, Snap Hooks, Solutions, Sorbents, Spikes, Spooled Wire, Sprays,
Sprockets, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel Electrodes, Steel, Storage
Containers, Strikers, Sweeps, Tablets, Tags, Telephones, Thermal Blankets,
Thermometers, Tongs, Tool Boxes, Torches, Tourniquets, Towelettes, Towels,
Training Videos, Transmissions, Vans, Warning Signs, Weed Burners, Welding
Electrode Holders, Welding Electrodes, Welding Rods, Welding Wire, Wipers, Wire,
Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 25, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

A Program That Wasn't Broken

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A30

LENGTH: 422 words


WHAT COULD have possessed farm-state legislators and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture to hamstring a federal credit program that was working well enough
and had helped farmers to sell more than $ 30 billion in agricultural
commodities to high-risk foreign purchasers over the past 12 years?

Until enactment of the 1990 farm bill, Congress thought it a swell idea for the
U.S. taxpayer to cosign loans to countries that wanted to buy U.S. agricultural
products but were not good credit risks. Otherwise, banks wouldn't lend them
grocery shopping money. But last year the Senate Agriculture Committee,
unwilling to let well enough alone, decided that to qualify for these loan
guarantees, foreign buyers had to be, of all things, credit-worthy (and never
mind that if they were credit-worthy they might not need the guarantees). The
agriculture secretary was thus forbidding credit guarantees to countries that
"cannot adequately service the debt." Congress also restricted the use of the
program for foreign policy or aid purposes.

The sponsor, Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), thought that
by stressing credit-worthiness and laying on restrictions, the export credit
program would be shielded from noncommercial considerations such as grain
embargoes and bilateral disputes. Other members who noticed the new provision
accepted it as consistent with the frugal temper of the times: The old program
had lost $ 5.3 billion since its inception. The Agriculture Department, fighting
other brush fires in the farm bill, didn't think much about the change at all.

But then the Soviet Union, already a recipient of $ 1 billion in credit
guarantees, asked President Bush for $ 1.5 billion more to buy U.S. wheat, feed
and soybeans. Under the old rules, it could have been easily done;
credit-worthiness was but one factor in deciding export credits, not the
controlling factor. But now, given the judgment of the CIA, the International
Monetary Fund and others that the Soviet economy is in perilous condition, the
White House is hard-pressed to say yes. The result? Suddenly Bob Dole (R-Kan.)
and other farm-state senators who supported last year's change are saying they
mean for the Soviet Union to get the wheat too.

In fact, the old program wasn't broken. It had some ambiguities, including
whether every loan would be repaid, but this is implicit in having a special
program for uncertain buyers in the first place. The best course would still be
to revert to the old, muddy way of doing business.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 10, 1989, Friday

USDA MAY OPEN BIDDING FOR FOOD AID TRANSPORT

BYLINE: ROSE A. HOROWITZ; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 774 words


The U.S. Agriculture Department is moving toward an open bidding system for
transporting U.S. food aid cargoes, said shipping sources who attended a closed
meeting on the government aid program.

According to these sources, Marvin Lehrer, director of the PL-480 (Food for
Peace) Operations Division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, said at the
meeting that the USDA was in the process of drafting regulations that would llow
for an open bidding system.

The current bidding system, which covers hundreds of millions of dollars worth
of freight costs, is now closed. None of the winning and losing transportation
offers are disclosed to the public. The winning bid is chosen behind closed
doors. The transportation system has been criticized by government audits and by
brokers and shipowners, but no substantial changes have been passed in years.

Mr. Lehrer was one of the speakers addressing about 200 people at a seminar on
Wednesday held in Rosslyn, Va. The meeting was sponsored by the International
Trade and Development Foundation, a non-profit group based in Arlington, Va.

The foundation, which aims to educate the American public about U.S. trade and
development activities, barred the press from attending the seminar on food aid
programs. Attendees at the conference paid $ 30 to attend the all-day program.

The U.S. Agency for International Development will pay $ 9,000 to the foundation
for a report on the findings of the seminar held Wednesday, said Doug Eldred, an
AID spokesman. The agency issued the payment under a purchase order, he said. If
an AID payment to an outside contractor is authorized for more than $ 10,000,
AID has to conduct an open bidding process, he said.

"AID is not sponsoring the seminar, but it did contract for a report from the
foundation to report the findings," said Mr. Eldred.

Daniel E. Shaughnessy, president of the foundation, said Thursday that AID
wanted to buy the report.

He said the group would prepare a report on the seminar that would be available
to the public.

Responding to questions Tuesday, Mr. Shaughnessy said the foundation never
intended to include the press and that the conference was overbooked. He also
said the foundation wanted an open exchange among participants.

"We feel it was extremely successful because of the exchange of information and
audience participation," Mr. Shaughnessy said when contacted Thursday.

Some shipping brokers said the topics discussed were fairly routine and that
there wasn't enough time to ask questions of the panel members. Another broker
said it was productive. "It gives us the opportunity to listen to people in
government and industry exchanging views," said one source.

A senior government official said speakers at the seminar didn't include any
government officials or others that have criticized the way the transportation
system works.

Private groups holding meetings like this often have "head doctors talking to
head doctors" and don't bring in "toe doctors," with another perspective, he
said. Such meetings allow government agencies to issue ''reports that seem near
consensus," according to the source, who declined to be identified. "This seems
to maintain the status quo," he said.

For years, there has been pressure within the agencies to keep things as they
are, he said, echoing views expressed by some in the shipping industry.
Moreover, agents for countries participating in the food aid programs and the
countries themselves are resistant to change because they fear it will hurt
their operations.

A number of country agents/brokers said that an open bidding system would help
resolve charges of favoritism among shipowners and country agents and brokers.
They also said an open system might help resolve criticisms of conflict of
interest in the way the system is run. Others said conflict of interest problems
would still remain unless a more fundamental overhaul is achieved.

According to one source, someone at the conference asked if the regulations that
USDA was considering would prohibit a country shipping agent from also acting as
a ship broker in the food aid programs. Mr. Lehrer responded that an open tender
system should address that conflict of interest issue, said the source.

Mr. Lehrer also reportedly said the USDA was looking at standardizing all
country tenders for freight transportation. Now each country submits its own
tender for approval by USDA.

Freight services to transport food aid to recipient countries are valued in
excess of $ 400 million, according to the foundation, in a letter it sent
inviting participants to the conference.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE:  Food For Peace? - Food For Profit?

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: GRAPHIC

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 December 27, 1990, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SUBSIDIES FOR TOBACCO BUT NOT FOR THE ARTS

BYLINE: Clarence Page Column

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 800 words


CHICAGO Just when it seemed as though enough had been said about government
funding for the arts, fiction writer Vince Passaro weighs in with a new spin.
Call it the ''guilty artist'' approach.  In an essay in the December Harper's,
Passaro, who once received a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts,
does not advise others to stop dipping into the public arts barrel. Dip if you
must, he says, but be careful how you rationalize it.  ''The necessary
selfishness of being an artist means, when it comes to money, getting one's
snout into whatever trough makes itself available,'' Passaro writes. ''But the
moment we pass from merely cashing in to actually believing that government
money is necessary and deserved is a dangerous moment indeed, when we put at
risk the independence and authority that make art something more than stirring
decoration for the halls of fashion and power.'' By claiming the works of
Mapplethorpe and other controversial artists have a social impact too dangerous
to be deserving of public support, Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C., and his accomplices
like Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., have forced artists to argue back that,
no, the arts really are not that big of a deal. Don't worry. Be happy. Gimme the
money. Still, Passaro suggests that artists would do well to use the debate as
an opportunity to ''recollect the source of our true power.'' ''The real and
terrifying freedom of art doesn't come from legislators, and it doesn't come
from committees. It comes from the limitless chaos of our hearts.'' Bravo. Three
cheers for the limitless chaos of the heart.  But I am troubled that Passaro
seems to be offering an elegant new spin to the old and treacherous argument
that government help undermines individual initiative. If so, he only skims the
surface of an issue more fundamental than the NEA debate.  After all, if we're
going to talk about public troughs, how about some debate over a controversial
feedbag nearer and dearer to Helms' heart: government aid to tobacco farmers?
''There's no question that tobacco has no redeeming value whatsoever,'' Health
and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan declared in Chicago recently.  But,
while Sullivan's branch of government wages a vigorous war against smoking,
another branch, the Department of Agriculture, continues to subsidize it, thanks
to tobacco-state politicians like Helms.  Maybe artists have the wrong approach.
Maybe instead of asking for grants, they should demand ''price supports.'' Or
maybe they should demand that the government pay them not to produce art, like
some farmers are paid not to grow crops. Or maybe they should demand that the
government buy up surplus art they have been unable to sell, like the feds buy
surplus farm production.  Helms has yet to show us any art that is as hazardous
to one's health as research shows tobacco to be. Maybe the real debate has less
to do with morality than with a more fundamental question of pork-barrel
politics: ''Where's mine?'' SOURCE: Copyright 1990 The Chicago Tribune

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 23, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

Sharing the Nation's Bounty

BYLINE: MARY McGRORY

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1; MARY MCGRORY

LENGTH: 789 words


Food for Peace is one of the programs by which we have defined ourselves for 35
years. We are proud of it, and with reason.

It is Thanksgiving written into law. It represents us at our best -- idealistic,
generous, practical. We share the endless bounty from our 350 million planted
acres with the rest of the world. We loan money to poor countries to buy the
food they need or we give it to them. It's good for the world's hungry and good
for our farmers, too.

Food for Peace has saved millions of lives. It could save more, perhaps, if the
law did not forbid helping communist countries, although the law is often
circumvented.

Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy
(D-Vt.) was a teenager when Hubert H. Humphrey was exhorting the country on the
wonders of the program he so passionately espoused. Leahy thinks it's time to
overhaul the program, time to streamline it.

A five-person group from Agriculture, State, Treasury, the Agency for
International Development (AID) and the Office of Management and Budget, called
the Development Coordinating Committee, meets weekly to consider requests for
food aid. It has been known to dither for months. In the current issue of the
Food for Peace newsletter by former senator John Melcher (D-Mont.), a lifelong
friend of needy people, it is noted that the committee waited so long to ship
rice to the Philippines that Manila canceled the request.

Leahy also wants to broaden the mission of PL 480. He wants to de-politicize it
completely, rule out all foreign policy or diplomatic considerations -- and just
feed the world.

"We should be thinking of our food aid for moral and humanitarian reasons,
rather than the self-interest of the U.S.," he says.

The chairman of the House Select Committee on Hunger, Rep. Tony P. Hall
(D-Ohio), is in complete agreement. Says Hall, who succeeded Mickey Leland, "We
can end hunger in the world. We have the capacity to do it."

Both chairmen hope to incorporate that goal of feeding the hungry, whoever they
are, into the revision of the agriculture bill that comes up next year. They
will attempt to get State, OMB and Treasury out of the food-aid picture, so that
diplomatic and financial considerations will not dominate discussions of human
need. Agriculture, which knows where the food is, and AID, which knows where it
should go, could handle the program unassisted.

There have always been ways of getting around the ban on sending food to "any
country or area dominated or controlled . . . by a world communist movement," as
the law reads.

Even before the recent legislation that whizzed through Congress in time for
Lech Walesa's visit, Poland was getting PL 480 food. It was not sent to the
government but routed through Catholic Relief Services. Strictly speaking,
Poland is still under communist control, but nothing would have stopped Congress
from getting help to Warsaw.

In another case, Mozambique, which until recently had 3,000 Soviet advisers, got
food it desperately needed through the private voluntary agencies, like CRS and
CARE. Melcher thinks that our food aid had much to do with Mozambique's change
of heart. He points out that regular meals from the United States do much to
open minds to the charms of democracy and that malnourished people simply do not
have the energy and the vigor to work toward freedom.

In Marxist Ethiopia, where there is, ironically, enough food grown in the north
to feed the entire country, the help that Mickey Leland died to get in was being
channeled through the private agencies.

No one doubts that if Mikhail Gorbachev applied for food aid this winter, we
could do it, even though the Soviet Union has obviously no religious service
organizations or private charity groups to do the distributing.

Food for Peace has been used to enormous effect, but it has been abused for
political reasons, too, most notably in El Salvador, where it became food for
war. El Salvador, where the food supply is adequate, got $ 39 million. Starving
Ethiopia was getting only $ 38 million. The food was given to the Salvadoran
Army -- no one knows how much it kept or sold for cash -- even though the rules
say food should not be used for military advantage. Rep. Byron L. Dorgan
(D-N.D.) charged that the administration had "grotesquely distorted the program
for it own economic and military goals."

The Wall Street Journal reported Oct. 26 that 1.6 million pounds of U.S. food
was found rotting in a government warehouse and had to be burned.

It's time that this old and generally honorable program got a facelift, not just
so its humanitarianism can shine through, but because now that we can do it, we
should eliminate hunger from the world.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 23, 2010

Plenty of fat can be cut out of Delawares upcoming budget;
COMMENTARY

BYLINE: Christian Hudson

LENGTH: 566  words


While our state legislators are working on the Delaware budget for the upcoming
year, I thought it might be helpful to look at some of the highlights from the
previous year's budget: budget.delaware.gov/fy2010/hb2 90.pdf.

The governor has publicly asked for ideas in ways that the state can save money,
so I thought I'd give it a try. Besides, it's our money after all.

After just a brief look at the budget, I was absolutely startled to find so much
waste lying right in plain sight. Don't believe me? Let me give you just a few
of the many examples of Delaware's reoccurring expenses. You can then decide for
yourself if your tax dollars should fund these items every single year.

Office of Management and Budget: Delaware Surplus Services. We pay almost
$390,000 per year to auction off our surplus equipment. Does that mean that our
state is so inefficient that we can't even sell our equipment without having to
pay people to buy it?

Department of Correction: Prisons: Other Items: Prison Arts. I am hopeful that
the $82,500 we spend every year on "Prison Arts" is at least therapy, and not
simply macaroni-art with a splash of glitter. At worst it could be a class on
how to make prison weapons out of paintbrushes. Can anyone else think of a
better way to spend $82,500 per year of your taxes?

Department of Health and Social Services: Public Health: AIDS Needle Exchange
Pilot Program. We spend $230,000 per year on exchanging dirty needles from drug
addicts who are infected with AIDS? Do we know if the needle bandit used our
taxes to fund his recent reign of terror on local businesses?

Department of Agriculture: Other Items: Fingerprints: We pay $76,000 per year
for this one. More importantly, why exactly does the Department of Agriculture
have a Fingerprints Division? Other Items: Fingerprinting: $75,000 per year. You
read that correctly, we have both a Fingerprints Division and a Fingerprinting
Division, both within the Department of Agriculture. On the state budget these
are officially listed as two separate divisions of the Department of Agriculture
. I'm still trying to figure out why the Department of Agriculture deals with
fingerprints in the first place though. Are these guys fingerprinting Delaware
farmers, or chickens?

Department of State: Office of the Secretary: World Trade Center. $120,000 per
year. This is supposed to be a nonprofit that helps Delaware businesses do
business overseas. Unfortunately, they also help allow member businesses from
neighboring states.

Isn't it nice to know diat Delaware tax money is going to subsidize businesses
in Pennsylvania? Internal Program: Government Information Center. If you go to
the website gic.delaware.gov/you can see what tiiey get paid to do. This mainly
involves creating Twitter accounts and YoiiTube videos for state agencies, all
for just under $800,000 per year. Sounds productive, doesn't it?

Please note that this is only a very partial list. A thorough, line-by-line,
evaluation should be performed by every department to eliminate wasteful
spending of taxpayer dollars.

Recommendation: There is plenty of room for budget cuts within die state of
Delaware, without resorting to budget cuts for necessary services like police,
fire, emergency medical technicians, maintaining roads, etc.

Christian Hudson of Lewes is a real estate entrepreneur, a member of the
Governor's Advisory Council on Manufactured Housing.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Cape Gazette


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  February 28, 2002 Thursday Marshall Edition

Food stamp rules change on Friday

BYLINE: By JOSEPH DITS; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 609 words


On Friday, more people in Indiana will qualify for food stamps.

The state is changing one of the rules. Owning a car worth more than $4,500
won't count against applicants anymore.

"This should have been changed years ago," said Charlotte Barrier, placing extra
emphasis on "years." She works with clients seeking poverty relief at the
Portage Township trustee's office in South Bend.

"This will particularly help families who've exhausted their savings but still
need to get to work," said John Hamilton, secretary of the state's Family and
Social Services Administration, who came to Elkhart to make the announcement.

He said the state knows of more than 600 households that were denied food stamps
because of the vehicle rule last year.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture finances the food stamp program and sets the
programs' restrictions. But, within the past year, the USDA allowed states to
change the vehicle rule.

Indiana officials seized the opportunity. Not only are they helping needy people
in tough economic times, but giving out more food stamps doesn't require a dime
of state money. Indiana Gov. Frank O'Bannon recently ordered a freeze on hiring
and wages for state employees and trimmed other programs for the elderly and
disabled.

The number of food stamp recipients in Indiana increased 20 percent in the past
year, Hamilton said. Most of the recipients are children. Hoosiers received
$32.7 million of the aid in December alone, said Cindy Collier, the FSSA's
policy director.

To qualify, a food stamp applicant must have no more than $2,000 in savings.
Until today, a car is permissible if it's used for household duties such as
going to work or going shopping -- not recreational vehicles. But, every dollar
of the vehicle's value that exceeds $4,500 is counted as assets against the
$2,000 limit.

So, an applicant whose car is worth more than $6,500 could not qualify.

Nor could a family that owns two cars, each worth $6,000. The excessive value of
each car would add up to $3,000 in assets.

Now welfare workers won't be concerned with the vehicles, unless, Hamilton said,
a family owns six cars, raising questions that the family is spending beyond its
means.

Applicants will still need to meet income requirements. For example, the income
for a family of four cannot exceed about $18,000, Hamilton said.

"The old rule was probably outdated," said Charles Smith, director of St. Joseph
County's welfare office.

Even in homes where both parents work, the adults need their cars to keep their
entry-level jobs, he said.

What happens to someone who's denied food stamps?

"They end up here more often," said Vonda Horst of Church Community Services in
Elkhart, where she counsels needy clients in finding help. She has seen several
clients disqualified from food stamps because of the vehicle rule.

Single men may have been the most vulnerable under the old rule, at least in the
eyes of Linda Jung-Zimmerman, director of the Advocacy Center in South Bend and
Mishawaka, two offices of the United Religious Community that connect the needy
with help.

Long-term help for the men is limited, while mothers and children can turn to a
variety of welfare aid for families, she said.

The change raised questions in the mind of Nyla Moore, the trustee for Elkhart's
Concord Township, who offers aid for the needy.

But, she asked, if more people apply for food stamps, will this overload welfare
caseworkers and create delays?

Hamilton said he doesn't expect too much of a problem. He foresees an increase
of fewer than 1,000 on the food stamp caseload in the next year.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Hamilton, secretary of Indiana's Family and Social Services
Administration, describes changes in food stamp rules in a talk Wednesday to the
Elkhart Chamber of Commerce.  Tribune Photo/GENE KAISER

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

Drought-relief request takes on urgency;
USDA's State Emergency Board recommends disaster assistance be available in 25
Minnesota counties.

BYLINE: Jackie Crosby, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 553 words


Morrison County farmer Ken Primus hasn't seen an inch of rain at one time since
he planted in early May. He's not yet in panic mode, but he's starting to get
worried.

"If we got half of a normal crop, I'd be happy," said Primus, whose 75-acre farm
is about 7 miles southwest of Little Falls. "My corn is still green yet, but
there's some fields around here that are brown all the way to the top."

Gov. Tim Pawlenty hopes federal aid will soon be on its way.

In a letter sent to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns on Friday, Pawlenty
asked the USDA to declare 25 Minnesota counties as agricultural disasters, which
would allow farmers and ranchers access to low-interest federal loans. A final
decision is made by the secretary of agriculture or the president.

The emergency loans, administered by the Farm Service Agency, can be used to
restore or replace property, pay production costs associated with the drought,
supplement living expenses, reorganize farming operations and refinance certain
debts.

Pawlenty said farmers in northern Minnesota are experiencing significant losses
to their hay and pasture, leaving many to worry about not having feed for
livestock over the winter.

"Corn and soybean crops are also losing value daily as the warm, dry weather
continues across the state," Pawlenty wrote in the letter.

Pawlenty included Roseau County in his request for aid because of an extensive
winter-kill of the county's perennial rye grass.

Last Tuesday, Pawlenty took a tour of distressed farms in central Minnesota and
asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to assess the drought damage across
Minnesota. The department's emergency board recommended disaster assistance.

As an example of meager rainfall, Pawlenty last week pointed out the Little
Falls area had received 71 percent of its normal rainfall in May, 41 percent in
June and only 17 percent in July.

In late July, the National Drought Mitigation Center reported that a wide swath
of the state, running from the southwest to northeast, was suffering from
"severe" drought.

"When corn is shoulder high on up, it needs a third of an inch of water a day on
an 85-degree day," said Primus, who has about 60 acres of corn and 10 acres of
barley. "So with weather like we have now, that corn is using over 2 inches a
week. When you don't get any rain, that hurts."

Minnesota has two loan programs for farmers hit hard by the drought. The
Disaster Assistance Loan Program is for farmers in counties that receive the
disaster declaration and helps with the costs of watering, irrigation and other
drought mitigation systems.

The state's Loan Restructuring Program can help farmers pay their bills,
regardless of whether they live in a federally designated disaster area.

Primus said he has mixed feelings about the federal government stepping in.

"I've been here since 1978, and I've never had a government loan yet," he said.
"When you have a drought, it's kind of the checks and balances of the system. It
sounds kind of cruel, but that's part of the risk you take in agriculture."

Jackie Crosby - 612-673-7335

FEDERAL AID SOUGHT FOR THE FOLLOWING COUNTIES:

Aitkin, Anoka, Benton, Brown, Carlton, Cass, Cook, Crow Wing, Douglas, Hennepin,
Hubbard, Itasca, Kanabec, Lake, Mille Lacs, Morrison, Pipestone, Pope, Roseau,
St. Louis, Sherburne, Swift, Todd, Wadena, Wright.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 8, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK DAY BY DAY;
Aid for Kosher Kitchens

BYLINE: By Laurie Johnston and Robin Herman

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 175 words


Saying that 33 percent of the Bronx's 90,000 Jews are ''at or near the poverty
line,'' Representative Mario Biaggi was concerned that none of the 930,000
pounds of Government-surplus cheese awaiting distribution from a Bronx warehouse
was kosher.

''It troubles me,'' he wrote recently to the Federal Department of Agriculture,
that Jewish residents ''will not benefit from surplus cheese or butter.''
Furthermore, with more lower-income families in particular becoming Orthodox, he
said, ''it presents a conflict when these families are forced to use the
nonkosher foods out of sheer desperation and need.''

Accordingly, the Agriculture Department has agreed to buy enough surplus kosher
cheese to fill orders from the city, determined by the state's Bureau of
Government Donated Foods. Kosher cheese is processed in special plants inspected
by rabbis.

Mr. Biaggi learned of the situation from several Jewish charities in his
district. One of them, he wrote, ''distributed 1,200 food packages during
Passover to hard core poor individuals.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0023

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 3, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0023 (2000003852) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after February1, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near February 4, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0023

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 1, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0023 (2000003852) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after February1, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near February 4, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Lawyers file civil rights complaint over Ohio's food stamp requirements

LENGTH: 428  words


Legal advocates for the poor have filed a civil rights complaint with the
federal government over the state's move to enforce work requirements for food
stamp beneficiaries in most counties, saying the decision has disproportionately
impacted minorities in urban areas.


Ohio previously had not enforced the federal welfare-to-work requirements. But
officials at the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services reinstated the rules
last year in most Ohio counties citing an improved economy.
The state sought a waiver from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to exempt 16
high-unemployment counties from the work requirements, which the federal agency
approved.
The rules require able-bodied adults age 18 to 50 without dependent children to
spend at least 20 hours working, job training or volunteering each week to get
food stamps. The exempted counties are: Adams, Brown, Clinton, Coshocton,
Highland, Huron, Jefferson, Meigs, Monroe, Morgan, Muskingum, Noble, Ottawa,
Perry, Pike and Scioto.
But advocates say the decision has had a disparate impact on minorities in the
state's urban counties, while mostly white recipients in exempted rural areas
have benefited.
The Legal Aid Society of Columbus, the Ohio Poverty Law Center and others filed
the administrative complaint Friday with the USDA against Republican Gov. John
Kasich's administration.
Statewide, about 1.75 million people get food stamps. About a third are
minorities, according to the groups. Most live in urban areas not included in
the waiver.
Advocates said in the waiver counties, the food stamp program serves about 94
percent white recipients and nearly 6 percent minority individuals.
"This decision has unfairly made access to nutrition assistance more difficult
for many minority Ohioans," the groups' attorney wrote in their compliant.
Angela Terez, a spokeswoman for the state's job and family services department,
said Ohio's intent was not to single out any particular group. "Our intent was
to help those who needed help."
Ohio has provided resources to counties to help implement employment and
training programs for those who need to meet the work requirements, she said.
"Lots of things can count toward this requirement - even searching for a job can
count toward the requirement," Terez said.
Kate McGarvey, an attorney for the Legal Aid Society of Columbus, said it's up
to the agriculture department to determine whether to investigate the complaint.
The agency is not required to hold a hearing.  The groups want the waiver
extended to all 88 counties.
 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            April 20, 2000 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 616 words


PERFECT RECIPE

History will look back on this generation and wonder why supposedly intelligent
people recommended condoms to prevent pregnancy and disease, in particular HIV/
AIDS. The Physician Desk Reference for 2000, page 2169 lists the failure rate of
male condoms to prevent pregnancy is 14 percent. Fertility at its broadest
stretch is 20 percent of the typical menstrual cycle. By extrapolation, the
failure rate of male condoms to prevent HIV/AIDS must be more than 50 percent
(male to female transmission only).  As a family physician I cannot in good
conscience recommend condoms, male or female, for anything. I can hear those
pro-condom advocates whining now "We have to do something." To finish their
phrase for them "so we can have sex with whomever we want, whenever we want, as
much as we want." Now, in the previous sentence replace the word "we" with
"children" and the word "sex" with "toys, candy, fun, alcohol, drugs" or just
leave it at "sex." This, my friends, is the perfect recipe for raising a brat.

Dr. Timothy H. Fischer, Lincoln

A FEW QUESTIONS

I sat down to watch my favorite program, "60 Minutes" on April 9 and lo and
behold, Mike Wallace was asking the right questions of the American Farm Bureau.
The Farm Bureau does not know nor has it ever represented the interests of the
American farmer. While thousands of family farmers struggle to survive in a
hostile environment of low commodity prices, high input costs and a misguided
federal farm program (costing taxpayers billions), the Farm Bureau leadership is
issued stock options, lobbies the Iowa Legislature for bailout of a failing
airline and systematically aids and abets the demise of American agriculture. I
have two questions to ask. If you are a farming member of the American Farm
Bureau, what have they done for you lately? My second question arises from the
front page article on "60 Minutes" and the Farm Bureau (LJS, April 10). Bryce
Neidig, president of the Nebraska Farm Bureau, states he does not know the value
of his stock options. I question whether the power of the presidency should rest
in the hands of a man who is "unaware" of the value of his stock. Perhaps he is
"unaware" of what is happening in production agriculture, or perhaps he just
doesn't care. The American Farm Bureau is the undisputed master of smoke and
mirrors.

Linda C. Schroeder, Lincoln

NEGLECT AT UNL

In eastern Nebraska, there is a School of Music in which the organ department
has been sadly neglected. In spite of excellent instructors, students struggle
with equipment long in need of attention. The practice organs are in need of
much work and repair, the result of deferred maintenance. The organ bench in the
teaching studio is broken and needs two people to adjust the height, an
adjustment which should only require the turning of a knob. Organ classes
studying and playing hymns use outdated hymnals, when nearly every major
denomination has issued new editions in the past several years. Where is the
school in which this department is in such a sorry shape? It is located in
downtown Lincoln, Neb., known as the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

It is no secret that the sports program at UNL dominates the university. One
might even say that sports control the university. Winning is everything, even
if it means firing a basketball coach and paying him a king's ransom. No
problem; the Athletic Department has plenty of money and gets whatever it wants.
Didn't they just "buy" a new basketball coach?  Are there other departments as
underequipped and poorly maintained as the organ department? Has education taken
a back seat to the "god" of sports? What are the marks of a good university?

Marcia Worchester, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 8, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

WHO'S HOT AND WHO'S NOT ABOUT A SECOND TERM;
STATE DEPT. IN A DITHER OVER HELMS



BYLINE:
By BERNARD GWERTZMAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 16, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1315 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 7


The State Department has no embassy in Raleigh, N.C., but it was more interested
today in the post-election political scene in North Carolina than in most of the
reports it was receiving from its nearly 200 missions overseas.

Department officials, hoping that the answer would be ''no,'' were discreetly
asking reporters and politicians if they thought it likely that Senator Jesse
Helms, the senior Republican from North Carolina who survived a fight for
re-election, would chose to become the next chairman of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee.

''It would be a 'koshmar,' '' one Soviet watcher said, using the Russian word
for ''nightmare'' as he speculated on the problems that might arise if Mr. Helms
took over the committee, through which all State Department dealings with the
Senate have to pass.

Mr. Helms, as the second-ranking Republican on the committee, has shown an
uncanny ability to put obstacles in the path of the State Department through the
years. He has delayed Senate confirmation of ambassadors and senior department
officials, held up action on key foreign policy legislation and shown himself to
be free of any adoration for Foggy Bottom as an institution.

Now, because of Senate seniority rules, Mr. Helms has the option of becoming the
next chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee or remaining as chairman of the
Agriculture Committee. This is because Senator Charles H. Percy of Illinois, who
has been chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee since 1981, and who was on
close relations with the department, lost his re-election bid at the same time
that Mr. Helms was winning his.

Will He or Won't He?


At an Election Day party at the Madison Hotel Tuesday night that drew many
foreign diplomats and Reagan Administration officials, a principal subject of
conversation was whether Mr. Helms would take the Foreign Relations slot.

Throughout his campaign against Gov. James B. Hunt Jr., Mr. Helms was
categorical in saying he would not give up the Agriculture chairmanship for the
Foreign Relations chairmanship.

Campaigning last Saturday in Greenville, the heart of North Carolina's
flue-cured tobacco belt, Mr. Helms told a cheering crowd at a tobacco warehouse:
''This Senator is going to continue to be the chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Committee, not the Foreign Relations Committee.'' Mr. Helms has almost single-
handedly protected the Federal tobacco program against those in Congress and the
Administration who would like to do away with it.

''I know what Jesse has said,'' a senior State Department official said this
morning. ''But he is going to come under tremendous pressure from conservatives
outside of North Carolina to replace Percy.''

A Special Kind of Place


Mr. Percy was defeated by Representative Paul Simon. The spot he occupied on the
Foreign Relations Committee is a special kind of place. The chairman enjoys
tremendous prestige because of his regular high-level consultations with the
President and the Secretary of State. Senator J. William Fulbright, for one,
became a household name in the 1960's and early 1970's because of his eloquent
speeches and his well-prepared and often confrontational hearings that
questioned the wisdom of policies followed by the Kennedy, Johnson and Nixon
Administrations.

The chairman has access to the most sensitive information, and his advice is
sought on all manner of foreign policy decisions, including the appointment of
ambassadors and other high officials. He has the ability to move foreign policy
legislation ahead, or block progress. He can let ambassadorial appointments
wither by not scheduling confirmation hearings.

If and when President Reagan pledges to seek new arms control agreements in his
second term, the chairman could become a major obstacle to progress if he did
not support such agreements. And Mr. Helms, more than any other Senator on the
Foreign Relations Committee, is unhappy about agreements with the Soviet Union
and has been known to oppose confirmation of State Department officials who
favor dealing with the Communists.

An Endorsement, 'a Bad Idea'


His influence is such that 22 ambassadors, all political appointees, gave him
their endorsement in his re-election campaign. The move, made against the advice
of Secretary of State George P. Schultz, was criticized by a group of former
ambassadors who said envoys should stay out of partisan politics. One of the
ambassadors who gave the Helms endorsement said today, ''I know it was a bad
idea, but I felt it would help the State Department in the long run.''

But as Senate aides explained today, the question of whether Mr. Helms remains
as Agriculture chairman or moves to Foreign Relations is complicated by a number
of matters.

Senator Richard G. Lugar of Indiana is next in seniority to Mr. Helms on both
the Agriculture and Foreign Relations committees.

Since a senator can be chairman of only one committee, Mr. Lugar would become
Agriculture chairman if Mr. Helms took the Foreign Relations post. Mr. Helms has
indicated that keeping Mr. Lugar from heading the Agriculture Committee is one
reason for his staying there. For Mr. Lugar, who is from the Middle West, does
not support Federal aid for tobacco farmers, and if he became Agriculture
chairman, that might mean the end of the program.

The Race for Majority Leader


Mr. Lugar, who has worked closely with the Reagan White House and has a foreign
affairs background through teaching and as a Rhodes Scholar, would be the State
Department's choice to replace Mr. Percy as chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee. But Mr. Lugar has set his sights on replacing Senator Howard H. Baker
Jr. of Tennessee as the Senate majority leader. Mr. Baker is retiring.

Mr. Lugar is competing with Senators Bob Dole of Kansas, Ted Stevens of Alaska,
James A. McClure of Idaho and Pete V. Domenici of New Mexico for majority
leader. The balloting is scheduled Nov. 28.

According to Senate aides, if Mr. Lugar loses that race, Mr. Helms will probably
stay with Agriculture and Mr. Lugar will replace Mr. Percy.

But if Mr. Lugar is chosen majority leader, and therefore can hold no committee
chairmanships, and if Mr. Helms then stayed with Agriculture, the next
Republican in line to become chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee would
be Charles McC. Mathias Jr. of Maryland. Senator Mathias, a supporter of arms
control and of improved relations with Moscow, would be as much anathema to some
conservatives as Mr. Percy had been.

To prevent that, there might be considerable pressure on Mr. Helms to renege on
his pledge and to take over Foreign Relations. In that case, with Mr. Lugar as
majority leader, the next in line at Agriculture is Senator Thad Cochran,
Republican of Mississippi, who might be more sympathetic to the North Carolina
tobacco interests than Mr. Lugar.

Another Turnaround


Less dramatic than the question of who will be the new Foreign Relations
Committee chairman is the situation caused in the House of Representatives by
the apparent defeat of Representative Clarence D. Long, Democrat of Maryland,
the longtime chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Foreign Operations.

Mr. Long, widely known in Washington as ''Doc,'' has been one of Israel's most
influential supporters in Congress. He was also an occasional thorn in the side
of the Administration by his periodic questioning of the value of any foreign
aid except for Israel and a few other close allies.

In his subcommittee post he was able to intimidate many State Department
witnesses and to hold up aid appropriations until he was satisfied. He will be
replaced in that slot by Representative David R. Obey, Republican of Wisconsin,
whom the State Department regards as less contentious but likely to be more
questioning of Israel's continuing requests for aid.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 10, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
Because of a technical error, an article on the Washington Talk page in some
editions on Thursday about Senator Jesse Helms, Republican of North Carolina,
omitted a line. The passage should have said that Representative David R. Obey,
Democrat of Wisconsin, would replace Representative Clarence D. Long, Democrat
of Maryland, as chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Foreign
Operations.

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 29, 1993, Thursday

New law lets farmers sue for product defamation

BYLINE: By Mark Sherman STAFF WRITERlegislation; law; government; Georgia;
agriculture; finances; business; lawsuits; courts

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section D; Page 2

LENGTH: 375 words


Farmers may sue anyone who defames their products, under a bill signed into law
Wednesday by Gov. Zell Miller.

Sponsored by House Agriculture Committee Chairman Henry Reaves (D- Quitman), the
measure had overwhelming support in the General Assembly.

But it was opposed by the Georgia Press Association, which fears it may be used
to stifle news reports and public relations campaigns critical of agricultural
products.

The bill creates the potential for liability if statements are made that are not
based on "reasonable and reliable scientific inquiry, facts or data."

Said David Hudson, attorney for the press association, "It's a bad piece of
legislation, full of constitutional defects."

He predicted it would be overturned in a court challenge. A similar bill won
approval in Colorado in 1991 but was vetoed by the governor.

Chuck Reece, spokesman for Mr. Miller, said there is no connection between the
governor's approval of the measure and his angry remarks to reporters Tuesday
over recent news stories concerning contracts awarded by the Georgia lottery.

Also Wednesday, Mr. Miller signed:

The $ 8.9 billion budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1, and unlike last
year, the governor found no objectionable spending inserted by legislators. A
budgeting procedure law, which also contains a provision banning secret budget
funds. Mr. Miller last year vetoed an unexplained item in the state budget,
which turned out to be a $ 479,000 appropriation controlled by House leaders.

A package of child abuse bills requiring quicker police and court involvement in
suspected cases of abuse and allowing Mr. Miller, Lt. Gov Pierre Howard - the
original sponsor of the bills - and other top officials access to previously
closed child abuse files.

A measure requiring the Commissioner of Corrections to notify crime victims when
their assailants are released.

Legislation that authorizes the funding for a resort in Mr. Miller's native
Towns County.

Two bills that give purchasers of equipment for the disabled the right to return
defective merchandise. One applies only to motorized wheelchairs and scooters;
the other includes other devices. By signing both bills, Mr. Miller raised the
question of which would take effect.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931290196

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                          December 17, 2008 Wednesday

US to extend $ 115 million to Pakistan under Food Aid Programme

LENGTH: 278 words


ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and United States of America here on Wednesday inked US $
115 million agreement under Food Aid Programme.  An agreement for the provision
of 50,000 MT of soft white wheat to Pakistan worth US $ 18 million was signed
here at Economic Affairs Division (EAD) this afternoon.

The transportation charges of the donated wheat would also be borne by the US
government.  Farrakh Qayyaum, Secretary EAD and Ms.Anne W.  Patterson Ambassador
of the USA to Pakistan signed the agreement on behalf of their respective
governments.  The donation has been made under the US Department of Agriculture
food for Progress Act administered by the Foreign Agriculture Services.

The fund generated under this program would be used to support private sector,
development of agriculture such as improvement of agricultural techniques,
marketing  system,  farmers education and development of agriculture related
business.

Secretary Ministry of Food and Agriculture Zia ur Rehman was also present on the
occasion.  Speaking on the occasion, Secretary EAD Farrukh Qayyum thanked the
government of the USA for providing assistance in cash and kind.

He also disclosed that under the Credit Guarantee Program (GSM), US government
would also provide a soft loan of US $ 100 million and negotiation in this
regard have been almost finalized.

He added this is a two and half year program and in the first phase US $ 50
million would be available to Pakistan. Zia ur Rehman said that the commodity
would be monetized and sold on Rs.750  per 40 kg in the local market. He added
that the funds of the wheat would be utilized for the development of agriculture
sector in the country.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2008 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Federal aid to farmers, poor

SECTION: News; A12

LENGTH: 118 words


President Bill Clinton released $55 million in U.S. aid to help residents of
nine states cope with the heat. The money, provided under a program that is used
more often to help low-income people pay for heat during the winter, may be used
to buy air conditioners, fans and other relief. In West Virginia, U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman issued the declaration of aid for 89 counties
in Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia -
including some of the states receiving air-conditioning relief. The order, which
likely will be expanded in the coming days, makes farmers who have lost at least
30 per cent of a crop eligible for low- interest federal loans.


LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: TOM MIHALEK, AFP / John Rigolizzo, a third-generation farmer
in Berlin, N.J., stands in a field of drought-stunted corn yesterday. He
estimated that the lack of rain this year in the eastern United States has
destroyed 75 per cent of his farm's corn crop.

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NFE-17-S-0007

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 2, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NFE-17-S-0007 (2000004445) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after December 2, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near December 6, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NAE-17-S-0005

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 22, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NAE-17-S-0005 (2000004435) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after Noveber 22, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near November 29, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169266524


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0034

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: March 22, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0034 (2000003936) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after March 22, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near March 29, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0026

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 5, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0026 (2000003883) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after February 5, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near February 8, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0022

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 1, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0022 (2000003849) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after January 29, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near February 2, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0019

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 8, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0019 (2000003802 for 50kg empty woven
polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs. Delivery
basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after January 8, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near January 13, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0019

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 8, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0019 (2000003802 for 50kg empty woven
polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs. Delivery
basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after January 8, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near January 13, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0014

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 28, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0014 (2000003782) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after December 28, 2015, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near December 30, 2015.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0014

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 28, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0014 (2000003782) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after December 28, 2015, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near December 30, 2015.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0013

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 18, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0013 (2000003772) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after December 17, 2015, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near December 22, 2015.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                   Aurora Audiology & Speech Associates, Inc.

                                 97 Hamburg St
                             East Aurora,  NY 14052
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 716-508-4726
URL: http://www.auroraaudiology.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/AuroraAudiology
https://plus.google.com/101462974082697313853/about
https://plus.google.com/109139241480690274463/about
https://twitter.com/auroraaudiology

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 15075930

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Aurora Audiology & Speech Associates, Inc. is a manufacturer focussed on Hearing
Aids, Solutions, Speakers, Suits, Spinning, and 5 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Aurora Audiology & Speech Associates, Inc.
does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well
as 24 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Offices of Health Practitioner

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
80490000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Speakers
     ·    Suits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Copper
     ·    Folic Acid
     ·    Glass
     ·    Hardwood
     ·    Helium
     ·    Ice
     ·    Insulin
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acid, Alarm Clocks, Alarm Systems, Alcohol, Ambulances,
Amplifiers, Antibiotics, Anvils, Arts & Crafts, Aspirin, Audiometers, Background
Music, Backgrounds, Baking Sheets, Balloons, Barrels, Beds, Blenders, Booms,
Boots, Bowls, Briefs, Brochures, Brushes, Bulbs, Bulldozers, Buttons, Chairs,
Channels, Cloth, Clothing, Coats, Compounds, Copper, Cord, Cornerstones, Cotton,
Cotton Swabs, Couches, Coupons, Credit Cards, Cupolas, Curbs, Dehumidifiers,
Dials, Dishes, Dishwashers, Domes, Drawers, Drums, Duck, Dutch Ovens, Earphones,
Earplugs, Elements, Emergency Kits, Felt, Fiber, Filters, Fire Alarms, Firearms,
First Aid, First Aid Supplies, Flares, Flashing, Flashing Lights, Flashlights,
Fluorescent Lights, Folic Acid, Footballs, Freezers, Funnels, Games, Garage
Doors, Garages, Glass, Globes, Goggles, Guides, Gum, Hardware, Hardwood, Hearing
Aid Batteries, Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Helium, Horns, Ice, Ice
Scrapers, Insulin, Intakes, Jacks, Jets, Jumper Cables, Kettles, Lamps,
Lighting, Lights, Machinery, Masks, Measures, Mechanisms, Microphones, Mixing
Bowls, Molds, Musical Instruments, Organs, Oscillators, Ovens, Overalls, Oxygen,
Palettes, Paper Towels, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Photography, Pictures,
Posts, Prescription Drugs, Profiles, Promotional, Puzzles, Radios, Receivers,
Refrigerators, Replacement Parts, Rings, Rubber, Rubber Bulbs, Salad Bowls,
Salt, Satellites, Scrapers, Seed, Sheets, Shovels, Signals, Sirens, Smoke
Detectors, Solutions, Space Heaters, Speakers, Spinning, Spoons, Springs, Steel,
Suits, Surgical Implants, Swabs, Tables, Tablets, Teas, Telephone Cord,
Telephones, Towels, Transmissions, Trim, Vans, Vessels, Video Cameras, Volume
Controls, Warning Signs, Wireless Microphones, Zinc Air Batteries

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Littleton Bicycle Shoppe

                                 28 Cottage St
                              Littleton,  NH 03561
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 603-444-3437
URL: http://www.littletonbike.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/LITTLETON-BIKE-FITNESS/180324180655
http://www.youtube.com/user/Littletonbike?feature=mhee

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 11107356

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Littleton Bicycle Shoppe is a company focussed on First Aid, Gift Cards, First
Aid Kits, Milling, Rentals, and 5 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Littleton Bicycle Shoppe does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 23 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Littleton Bicycle Shoppe has at least 2 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Bicycle and fitness equipment
store in Littleton, NH. Specializing in road, mountain, hybrid, kids, and bmx
bicycles. Also sales and service of commercial and home fitness equipment. A
certified Body Geometry fitting studio. Rental and demo bikes available."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
45111000
SIC CODES:
39930000
CAGE CODES:
6ETM4
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Gift Cards
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Milling
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Mining
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Butyl
     ·    Butyl Rubber
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Composite Materials
     ·    Composites
     ·    Copper
     ·    Galvanized Steel
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Granite
     ·    Ice
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Resins
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Talc
     ·    Tool Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Treadmills


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Adjusters, Aircraft, Aluminum Discs, Aluminum Frames, Aluminum
Rods, Aluminum Tapes, Aluminum Tubes, Aluminum Wheels, Angles, Apparel,
Backpacks, Barrels, Beads, Bearings, Belt Drives, Belts, Bibs, Bicycles,
Binders, Bindings, Brake Cables, Brakes, Butt, Buttons, Butyl, Butyl Rubber,
Cabs, Cam Locks, Can Covers, Candy, Cannons, Carbon, Cartridge Bearings,
Cartridges, Cassettes, Chamois, Charcoal, Cloth, Clothing, Coasters, Coats,
Coffees, Cogs, Combination Locks, Composite Materials, Composites, Compounds,
Consoles, Cookers, Cooling Systems, Copper, Cork, Corks, Cosmetics, Cradles,
Cranks, Credit Cards, Cuffs, Curbs, Cushions, Custom Wheels, Custom Windows,
Cylinder Locks, Decals, Decks, Dials, Disc Brakes, Elements, Ergonomic Grips,
Extenders, Eyelets, Feeds, Feet, Felt, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Fitness
Equipment, Flags, Flats, Flux, Flywheels, Footwear, Forks, Galvanized Steel,
Games, Garages, Gaskets, Gears, Gels, Generators, Gift Cards, Glass, Globes,
Goggles, Gold, Granite, Gravel, Greenhouses, Grids, Grippers, Guards, Guide
Pins, Guides, Handlebar Grips, Handlebars, Hardware, Headsets, Heat Pumps,
Helmets, Hitches, Hoods, Hubs, Ice, Ice Skates, Insoles, Insulation, Insulators,
Jacks, Jerseys, Jets, Lace, Lacquers, Lasers, Leather, Lenses, Levers, Lifts,
Lighters, Lighting, Lights, Lime, Lockouts, Lubricants, Magnesium, Measures,
Milling, Molded Plastics, Molds, Motorcycles, Mountings, Neoprene, Nets, Nylon,
Outerwear, Overalls, Padding, Paddles, Pajamas, Panels, Patches, Pictures, Pins,
Pivots, Plastic Handles, Plastics, Platforms, Polyester, Polyurethane, Posts,
Potassium, Profiles, Pullers, Pump Heads, Quick Release Nuts, Railroads, Rails,
Ramps, Ratchets, Receivers, Reflectors, Removers, Rentals, Resins, Rims, Rings,
Riser Blocks, Rockers, Rotors, Rounds, Rowing Machines, Rubber, Saddles, Satins,
Scales, Scooters, Screwdrivers, Seats, Shoes, Silicone, Silicones, Silver,
Skateboards, Skis, Sleeves, Snowshoes, Sockets, Socks, Sodium, Solutions, Speed
Controls, Spikes, Spindles, Spoons, Springs, Sprockets, Stainless Steel, Stairs,
Steel, Steel Axles, Steel Cables, Steel Discs, Stickers, Strollers, Suits,
Suspensions, Sweeps, T-Shirts, Tablets, Talc, Targets, Tees, Thread, Tire
Sealants, Tires, Tool Boxes, Tool Kits, Tool Steel, Torches, Transitions, Traps,
Tread Plates, Treadmills, Trim, Uniforms, Valve Cores, Valve Stems, Vans,
Veneers, Vent Screens, Vinyl Covers, Vinyl Grips, Visors, Washers, Wire,
Yearbooks, Zees

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           January 25, 1997 Saturday

LENGTH: 194 words


FARGO (AP) -- The federal government has extended the deadline for ranchers who
have lost cattle to apply for emergency aid, Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., said
Friday night. The Agriculture Department approved a special emergency aid
package last week that includes reimbursements to cover feed costs. But the
program is still set to expire today, Dorgan said. Dorgan and Sen. Tom Daschle,
D-S.D., talked by phone Friday with Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman and urged
him to approve additional aid to farmers and ranchers in the Midwest. ""He has
decided that late filed requests for emergency feed assistance will be
accepted,'' Dorgan said. ""That's helpful, but we're asking for more than that.
We're asking that they extend the event period.'' Dorgan said no specific
application deadline has been set, but the USDA wants ranchers to file them in a
timely manner. A rash of blizzards has left thousands of cattle dead in the
Midwest, and even more in danger of dying because ranchers can't get feed to
their animals or have run out of feed. Dorgan said he and Daschle asked Glickman
to expand the aid to include other hardships farmers and ranchers might face.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 273 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0028

Notice Type: Solicitation / Cancelled
Posted Date: February 17, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AAG-INAE-S-16-0028 (2000003892) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after February 12, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near February 16, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 273 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0028

Notice Type: Solicitation / Cancelled
Posted Date: February 17, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AAG-INAE-S-16-0028 (2000003892) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.


The solicitation is expected to be available on or after February 12, 2016, and
will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain
Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near February 16, 2016.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      May 4, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Md. Farmers to Receive Federal Aid; Money to Compensate for Low Prices, Drought
Damage Could Total $70 Million

Lori Montgomery; Jennifer Lenhart , Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: WEEKLY - MD; Pg. M01

LENGTH: 531 words



Maryland farmers could receive an estimated $ 70 million in federal aid--more
than three times the amount paid two years ago--to compensate for low prices and
damage done by last year's drought, the worst Maryland has seen in a century,
federal agriculture officials said.

Much of the money has yet to reach the state's more than 12,000 farmers, most of
whom are expecting some form of federal assistance to help them recover from a
double calamity in 1999--when the worst year in a five-year dry spell slashed
crop production in Maryland while good yields in the Midwest kept crop prices
low.

"Our farmers are hurting badly," said Tom Shockley, executive director of the
Maryland office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

Federal officials could not say how much they expect to pay out in Virginia this
year. To date, Virginia farmers have received $ 14.6 million for crops that
failed in 1999, almost all of which went to farmers whose crops were damaged by
the drought, said Donald Davis, executive director of the Farm Service Agency in
Virginia.

Payments also were distributed to farmers who lost crops to flooding, with
farmers in southeast Virginia filing the bulk of those claims.

In August, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman declared much of Maryland and
Virginia and all of West Virginia disaster areas because of prolonged heat and
drought. Every one of Maryland's 23 counties reported damage to crops and
livestock, while nearly all of the 84 Virginia counties that have farming
activity suffered losses.

"Not everybody did terrible last year. For grain growers, if you got a
thunderstorm at the right time it wasn't so bad," said Kevin McNew, an
agricultural economist at the University of Maryland. Soybean growers, for
example, were hit hard early, but they recovered when hurricanes dumped rain on
the state in September.

"But it was really terrible in Howard [County] and on west," McNew said. "Dairy
guys had to buy hay. And the livestock guys found it was cheaper to send beef to
market than to buy the hay to feed them."

Federal officials could not say exactly how many Maryland farmers would receive
payments as a result of the drought. But 11,200 of the state's more than 12,000
farmers have applied for payments under a USDA program that helps them pay back
loans when low crop prices slash their incomes.

Meanwhile, more than 1,000 farmers have applied for grants under a program that
helps farmers whose livestock died or whose production was reduced by drought.
More than 200 have applied for help reseeding ruined pastures. And nearly 3,700
have applied for crop disaster relief.

To qualify for disaster relief, farmers must show that their fields or livestock
yielded less than 65 percent of the amount expected for the year. The USDA will
cover about 70 percent of proven losses on the 1999 crop.

In Maryland, corn yields dropped from 109 to 93 bushels an acre statewide last
year, with nearly 50 precent reductions in some counties, according to state
agriculture officials. Soybean production fell as low as 30 bushels an acre,
state officials said; milk production was also down.


LOAD-DATE: May 04, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Hearing Associates

                                 401 E 10th Ave
                                    Ste 110
                               Eugene,  OR 97401
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 541-686-3505
URL: http://www.hearingassociates.net/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/HearingAssoc
https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9879612

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Hearing Associates is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Amplifiers,
Desktop Computers, Hearing Aids, Signals, Coping, and 8 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Hearing Associates does business in the
Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 21 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Hearing Associates has at least 5 business locations.
The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Hearing Associates
provides a variety of hearing healthcare services including hearing assessments
balance, dizziness and rehabilitation, education, and counseling."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; All Other Health and Personal Care Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
44619900
SIC CODES:
38420412
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Amplifiers
     ·    Desktop Computers
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Signals
     ·    Desktop Computers


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Coping
     ·    Credit Cards
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Signals
     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries
     ·    Zinc Air Batteries


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Glass
     ·    Oxygen


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasives, Alcohol, Amplifiers, Antibiotics, Anvils,
Applicators, Aspirin, Audiometers, Backgrounds, Barrels, Bowls, Brads, Briefs,
Buttons, Camouflage, Can Clips, Cellular Telephones, Channels, Chemicals,
Cleaners, Coins, Containers, Coping, Cosmetics, Cotton, Credit Cards,
Defibrillators, Desktop Computers, Drawers, Dressers, Drums, Earplugs,
Electrodes, Electronic Components, Explosives, Fiber, Firearms, Funnels,
Generators, Glands, Glass, Guides, Guns, Headsets, Hearing Aid Batteries,
Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Intakes, Jerseys, Lights, Magnetic Coils,
Masks, Measures, Mechanisms, Microphones, Nets, Organs, Overalls, Oxygen,
Panels, Pianos, Posts, Profiles, Purses, Radios, Receivers, Refrigerators,
Registers, Rings, Showers, Signals, Skis, Solutions, Speakers, Suits, Tables,
Telephones, Transmissions, Vessels, Volume Controls, Zinc Air Batteries

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           August 30, 2006 Wednesday

Drought relief called stingy;
Little aid headed for Minnesota, Wisconsin despite dry cropland

BYLINE: TOM WEBB, Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 427 words


The Bush administration offered $79 million of new drought aid for farmers
across 27 states, a proposal that left Minnesota critics angry at its
stinginess, and prompted even allies to call for more help.

"It's like spitting in a blast furnace and calling it a big deal," fumed Doug
Peterson, president of the Minnesota Farmers Union. "How dumb do people think we
are?"

The centerpiece of the administration's drought-aid program, announced Tuesday
by Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns, is advancing by several weeks $700
million in previously promised federal subsidies for cotton, peanut and sorghum
farmers. Yet Minnesota grows virtually no cotton, peanuts or even grain sorghum,
so hardly a dime of that early money would come here, despite a severe summer
drought in central and northern Minnesota. Wisconsin would be in an identical
situation.

Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty applauded the announcement, citing in a statement
the package's $50 million for livestock producers. But Pawlenty added, "We will
continue to work with the federal government to provide additional relief."

The $50 million in livestock block grants would be split among the hardest-hit
areas, including Texas, Oklahoma, Nebraska and South Dakota, all major livestock
states.

Farm-state lawmakers in Congress and the Bush administration are at odds over $4
billion sought for disaster aid this year, and President Bush already promised
to veto an emergency spending bill that contained drought relief. That battle
will be rejoined when Congress returns from August recess.

Tom Buis, president of the National Farmers Union, saw one glimmer of hope.
"We're really appreciative that the secretary recognized that the disaster
victims need some assistance out there, but we're a little concerned that what
he had to offer was not much."

Johanns, on a drought tour of South Dakota, said Tuesday, "Today's actions
emphasize USDA's commitment to use every resource available to help farmers and
ranchers who are impacted by drought."

Meanwhile, many parts of Minnesota still are experiencing extreme drought
conditions despite recent rainfall.

State forecasters continue to put much of northwestern, north central and
central Minnesota in "extreme drought" classification.

Some surrounding areas are in the slightly lower "severe drought" category,
while northeastern Minnesota is classified as being in a moderate drought. The
southern quarter of Minnesota has no drought designation.

Associated Press reports were used in this story. Tom Webb can be reached at
twebb@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5428.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      May 4, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Drought Aid Could Reach $70 Million; Most of Md.'s Farmers Still Waiting for
Funds

Lori Montgomery; Jennifer Lenhart , Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M03

LENGTH: 531 words


Maryland farmers could receive an estimated $ 70 million in federal aid--more
than three times the amount paid two years ago--to compensate for both low
market prices and damage done by last year's drought, Maryland's worst in a
century, federal agriculture officials said.

Much of the money has yet to reach the state's more than 12,000 farmers, most of
whom are expecting some form of federal assistance to help them recover from a
double calamity in 1999--when the worst year in a five-year dry spell slashed
crop production in Maryland while good yields in the Midwest kept crop prices
low.

"Our farmers are hurting badly," said Tom Shockley, executive director of the
Maryland office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

Federal officials could not say how much they expect to pay out in Virginia this
year. To date, Virginia farmers have received $ 14.6 million for crops that
failed in 1999, almost all of which went to farmers whose crops were damaged by
the drought, said Donald Davis, executive director of the Farm Service Agency in
Virginia.

Payments also were distributed to farmers who lost crops to flooding, with
farmers in southeastern Virginia filing the bulk of those claims.

In August, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman declared much of Maryland and
Virginia and all of West Virginia disaster areas because of prolonged heat and
drought. Every one of Maryland's 23 counties reported damage to crops and
livestock, while nearly all of the 84 Virginia counties that have farming
activity suffered losses.

"Not everybody did terrible last year. For grain growers, if you got a
thunderstorm at the right time it wasn't so bad," said Kevin McNew, an
agricultural economist at the University of Maryland. Soybean growers, for
example, were hit hard early, but they recovered when hurricanes dumped rain on
the state in September.

"But it was really terrible in Howard [County] and on west," McNew said. "Dairy
guys had to buy hay. And the livestock guys found it was cheaper to send beef to
market than to buy the hay to feed them."

Federal officials could not say exactly how many Maryland farmers would receive
payments as a result of the drought. But 11,200 of the state's more than 12,000
farmers have applied for payments under a USDA program that helps them pay back
loans when low crop prices reduce their incomes.

Meanwhile, more than 1,000 farmers have applied for grants under a program that
helps farmers whose livestock died or whose production was reduced by drought.
More than 200 have applied for help reseeding ruined pastures. And nearly 3,700
have applied for crop disaster relief.

To qualify for disaster relief, farmers must show that their fields or livestock
yielded less than 65 percent of the amount expected for the year. The USDA will
cover about 70 percent of proven losses on the 1999 crop.

In Maryland, corn yields dropped from 109 bushels to 93 an acre statewide last
year, with nearly 50 percent reductions in some counties, according to state
agriculture officials. Soybean production fell as low as 30 bushels an acre,
state officials said; milk production was also down.


LOAD-DATE: May 04, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 20, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

STATES IN MIDWEST SEEKD DROUGHT AID



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 6, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 522 words


Missouri's Governor asked yesterday to have his state declared a disaster area
because of drought damage, joining Indiana in seeking Federal aid as experts
warned that the 1983 harvest of corn and soybeans in the parched Middle West
could be among the worst on record.

''Due to the extreme temperatures and drought conditions which Missouri has
experienced, the agricultural situation over the entire state has reached
disastrous proportions,'' Gov. Christopher S. Bond of Missouri said in a
telegram to Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block.

Gov. Robert D. Orr of Indiana earlier sought a disaster declaration to qualify
Hoosier farmers for special loans and other assistance.

''I think it's a crisis as of today with the continuation of this weather,''
Robert Lounsberry, the Agriculture Secretary of Iowa, said about the prolonged
heat wave and drought.

Corn Crop Held Endangered

''We have all the makings of a very serious disaster out there,'' said Gov.
Terry Branstad of Iowa, predicting sharp reductions in corn yields. ''Every day
we go without rain there's a substantial loss out there.''

''It's bad, real bad,'' said D. J. Merideth, a farmer in southeast Missouri.  He
predicted that only one-third of his 1,700 acres of soybeans would survive.

Secretary Block said he would spend part of the weekend assessing the losses on
his 3,000-acre farm in Illinois, where state officials were considering making a
request for a declaration of agricultural disaster. ''It probably won't be a
happy thing to see,'' Mr. Block said.

Harold Parrett, a farmer in Mohomet, Ill., had to count 56 consecutive corn
brown and barren plants before he found one with an ear. It was tiny and had few
kernels.

Corn Plants Fail to Produce

''There's just nothing on 80 percent of the corn,'' Mr. Parrett said. ''It won't
justify running the combine over it. We'll be lucky to average 10 bushels an
acre.''

In New York, Robert Loewy, a grain analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities
Inc., said that by harvest time ''the combination of heat and the lack of
moisture will have proven to be the worst of the century.''

Part of the drop in corn output will be a result of a Government production
control program called under which farmers were compensated with grain from
Government storage for taking about 20 million acres of corn out of production.

Water Emergency Declared

In Kentucky, Gov. John Y. Brown Jr. declared a state of emergency because of
drought and ordered Kentucky communities with water shortages to begin
conservation measures.

Governor Brown said the increased demand for water and lack of rain had combined
to create critical shortages.

He gave the state's adjutant general, Billy Wellman, the authority to call up
National Guardsmen and to use emergency funds.

Eight guardsmen will report Saturday for two days to help officials in the city
of Cynthiana, Ky., install pipe and a pump provided by the state to help deal
with a water shortage caused by low river levels.

Governor Brown also directed state officials to to provide local governments
with technical assistance and aid.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of cattle being kept cool in Nebraska

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Roberts: Additional drought relief on its way

BYLINE: The Capital-Journal

LENGTH: 332 words


U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., called for additional aid to farmers dealing with
drought, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture listened, Roberts' office said
in a statement Monday.

Roberts, ranking member of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and
Forestry, called on the USDA to consider additional options to provide aid to
producers struggling from prolonged drought conditions.

As a result of discussions with the USDA, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom
Vilsack announced Monday that the Farm Service Agency will modify Conservation
Reserve Program policies to provide further help to those affected by the
drought.

"I am pleased to have worked with USDA to act immediately to bring additional
relief to farmers and ranchers across the country battling drought," Roberts
said. "Given the extreme conditions out there, the changes in policy just make
sense."

According to USDA, the policy changes are as follows:

FSA is permitting farmers and ranchers in drought-stricken areas of Colorado,
Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas to extend the emergency grazing period
from Sept. 30 to Oct. 31 without an additional payment reduction. Producers
wishing to participate in emergency grazing must first request permission from
the FSA county office by indicating the acreage to be grazed.

As a second condition designed to help producers, FSA will allow producers
nationwide to utilize harvested hay from expiring CRP acres when those acres are
being prepared for fall seeded crops. Before this modification, all mechanically
harvested hay was required to be destroyed. This change enables producers to
feed the hay that is mechanically harvested to their own livestock or to sell or
donate hay. Rental payments will be reduced by 25 percent for those utilizing
this option, consistent with existing policy for managed or emergency haying and
grazing of eligible CRP acres.

"I will continue to work with USDA and FSA to ensure every resource is available
to those in need," Roberts said.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 26, 2003, Sunday

NEWS FROM HOME

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 11 RUSSIAN BEAT

LENGTH: 359 words

Signs of slowdown

MOSCOW - Russian companies' investment in productive capacity last year was less
than a third of the 2001 rate, indicating the country's economy may slow this
year for the third straight year.

Investment grew 2.6% last year to 1.66 trillion rubles ($52 billion), the State
Statistics Committee said in a report. In 2001, investment rose 8.7%.

"Russia is certainly slowing down, and demand for investment is slowing down as
well," said Alexei Zabotkine, chief economist at United Financial Group.

Frost damage

MOSCOW - Russia's grain harvest may fall 25% this year because severe frosts
damaged some plants sown in September and October for the spring crop, Interfax
reported, citing Agriculture Minister Alexei Gordeyev.

The harvest may fall to as low as 65 million metric tons this year, down from a
record 86.5 million tons in 2002, the news service said.

AIDS prognosis

WASHINGTON - The spread of AIDS in Russia threatens to cut as much as 10% from
the country's economy by 2020, and the Russian government is underestimating the
problem, the World Bank said.

"There is a problem of the AIDS epidemic emerging in Russia, but there has been
a reluctance to discuss it," said Christof Ruehl, the bank's chief economist for
Russia, which has the world's fastest-growing AIDS epidemic. The bank said
between 5 million and 14 million people there will be infected with the virus
over the next two decades.

Race winners

ANTERSELVA, Italy - Russia beat Germany by more than 30 seconds for its third
victory in six races in a women's 24-kilometer World Cup biathlon competition
Friday.

Belarus finished third, 52 seconds behind the winner.

Stocks on uptick

MOSCOW - Russian stocks rose Friday, led by AO Yukos Oil Co., as investors
gauged recent declines in the country's second-largest oil producer were not
justified by the company's earnings outlook, traders said.

The Russian Trading System index advanced 0.6% to 343.31, rising for the first
time in six days. The RTX Index, which tracks the eight biggest stocks on the
RTS, gained 0.2% to 565.15, with three stocks rising, four falling and one
unchanged.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     May 11, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Md. Farmers to Get $70 Million in Aid

Lori Montgomery; Jennifer Lenhart , Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: PG EXTRA; Pg. M11

LENGTH: 531 words


Maryland farmers could receive an estimated $ 70 million in federal aid--more
than three times the amount paid two years ago--to compensate for low prices and
damage done by last year's drought, the worst Maryland has seen in a century,
federal agriculture officials said.

Much of the money has yet to reach the state's more than 12,000 farmers, most of
whom are expecting some form of federal assistance to help them recover from a
double calamity in 1999--when the worst year in a five-year dry spell slashed
crop production in Maryland while good yields in the Midwest kept crop prices
low.

"Our farmers are hurting badly," said Tom Shockley, executive director of the
Maryland office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

Federal officials could not say how much they expect to pay out in Virginia this
year. To date, Virginia farmers have received $ 14.6 million for crops that
failed in 1999, almost all of which went to farmers whose crops were damaged by
the drought, said Donald Davis, executive director of the Farm Service Agency in
Virginia.

Payments also were distributed to farmers who lost crops to flooding, with
farmers in southeast Virginia filing the bulk of those claims.

In August, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman declared much of Maryland and
Virginia and all of West Virginia disaster areas because of prolonged heat and
drought. Every one of Maryland's 23 counties reported damage to crops and
livestock, while nearly all of the 84 Virginia counties that have farming
activity suffered losses.

"Not everybody did terrible last year. For grain growers, if you got a
thunderstorm at the right time, it wasn't so bad," said Kevin McNew, an
agricultural economist at the University of Maryland. Soybean growers, for
example, were hit hard early, but they recovered when hurricanes dumped rain on
the state in September.

"But it was really terrible in Howard [County] and on west," McNew said. "Dairy
guys had to buy hay. And the livestock guys found it was cheaper to send beef to
market than to buy the hay to feed them."

Federal officials could not say exactly how many Maryland farmers would receive
payments as a result of the drought.

But 11,200 of the state's more than 12,000 farmers have applied for payments
under a USDA program that helps them pay back loans when low crop prices slash
their incomes.

Meanwhile, more than 1,000 farmers have applied for grants under a program that
helps farmers whose livestock died or whose production was reduced by drought.
More than 200 have applied for help reseeding ruined pastures. And nearly 3,700
have applied for crop disaster relief.

To qualify for disaster relief, farmers must show that their fields or livestock
yielded less than 65 percent of the amount expected for the year. The USDA will
cover about 70 percent of proven losses on the 1999 crop.

In Maryland, corn yields dropped from 109 to 93 bushels an acre statewide last
year, with nearly 50 precent reductions in some counties, according to state
agriculture officials. Soybean production fell as low as 30 bushels an acre,
state officials said; milk production was also down.


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 15, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

More Debt Won't Help Farmers Hit By Drought

Marcella Bombardieri, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M01

LENGTH: 871 words



With Southern Maryland farmers expecting to lose 30 to 70 percent of their crops
this year, the disaster assistance loans made available last week by U.S.
Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman will be of little use to the region, said
farmers and state and federal agricultural officials.

The farmers most in need of drought aid are already so heavily indebted that the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's emergency loans are unappealing despite their
low interest rates, said Tom Shockley, state executive director of the Farm
Service Agency (FSA), the USDA branch that will administer the loans through its
county offices.

"As one man told me, if you're drowning in 10 feet of water, what is pouring two
more feet of water over your head going to do?" Shockley said. "To borrow more
money to get deeper in debt is not the answer to the problem."

Southern Maryland farmers instead need grants--not loans--from Congress, or else
some will be forced to sell their land to developers, said many in the
agricultural community.

Farmers in Charles and St. Mary's counties expect to lose a sizable chunk of
normal crop yields--45 percent to 50 percent of the corn crop, 50 percent of
soybeans, 70 percent of hay, 30 percent of tobacco and 40 percent of vegetables,
according to FSA projections. Expectations are a bit less dim in Calvert County,
where farmers anticipate losing 20 percent of corn, 30 percent of soybeans and
30 percent of the hay yield.

Most likely, only a handful of Southern Maryland farmers will apply for the
low-interest loans released last week by Glickman's disaster area declaration
for almost all of Maryland, said Amelia Farrell, acting director for the FSA
offices in Calvert and St. Mary's counties.

The loans are restricted to family farm operators who have been turned down by
commercial creditors, so only the most severely strapped farmers would be
eligible. And many of those would be loath to plunge themselves deeper in debt,
said Emily Wilson, assistant director of government relations for the Maryland
Farm Bureau, a farm industry group.

"These low-interest loans are by no means the saving grace," Wilson said. "It's
not going to pull the state's farmers out of the economic disaster they're
facing by any stretch of the imagination."

Another requirement for the emergency loans is that farmers must have suffered a
loss of at least 30 percent of an essential crop. The loans, currently at a 3.75
percent interest rate, are available at up to 80 percent of actual losses, with
a maximum of $ 500,000 of indebtedness. Farmers have eight months to apply, and
many will not know how much help they need until the fall or next spring,
Shockley said.

Grants from Congress are what would really boost Southern Maryland farmers, said
Maryland Department of Agriculture spokesman Don Vandrey. Last year, Congress
appropriated almost $ 2.4 billion for farmers who fell victim to drought and
other natural disasters. Vandrey hopes the federal government will consider
similar measures this year for the mid-Atlantic region.

In the meantime, the FSA has an array of other, smaller programs to aid farmers,
and Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) is putting together a $ 3 million
state package to provide assistance with erosion-preventive crops, small grains,
water and livestock feed, Vandrey said.

State and federal aid, however, may not be enough to keep all of Southern
Maryland's farmers in business. Continuing drought and "devastatingly low"
commodity prices have created "a vicious cycle" of loss that could drive some
families to sell their land to developers, Wilson said.

Many farmers agree that this summer's nightmarish weather creates a temptation
to bow out of farming altogether.

"The developers are parked at the gates, ready to move in," said Charles County
farmer B.B. Kemp. "If farmers can't pay their taxes and can't pay their bank
loans, they're going to say, 'The hell with it.' "

Calvert County farmers Phyllis and Richard Horsmon have decided to sell 20 acres
of their 100-acre farm in St. Leonard. They would be even more desperate for
cash if they hadn't diversified their crops to emphasize such nontraditional
items as chrysanthemums, or if Richard Horsmon had not sought an outside
job--two steps that more and more farmers are taking to stay afloat.

"It's sad, but we have no choice," Phyllis Horsmon said about the sale. "The
farmer loves his land and wants to save it, but he also has to take care of
himself, his kids and his retirement."

Not everyone agrees that this year's drought will spell the end of local
farmers, or even that federal aid is a good idea. According to Richard Horsmon,
government programs can do farmers more harm than good by allowing them to sink
into too much debt and avoid hard choices about how to save money.

Horsmon's opinion is echoed by St. Mary's farmer Donnie Tennyson, who adds that
while farmers may like to complain, they know how to survive tough times.

"We're going to have to dip into our nest eggs [this year], but that's normal in
agriculture," Tennyson said. "Overall, I don't think we're going to see a big
exit from farming here locally. We're very durable people."


LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 228 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0011

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 7, 2015

Description: The solicitation is expected to be available on or after December
7, 2015, and will be available electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply
Chain Management (WBSCM) system located at
https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the
aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation
notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (http://www.fbo.gov).
A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All
future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments
and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM and FBO. Interested
parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date
information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers
will be on or near December 9, 2015.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               September 16, 1998 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

AID FOR FARMERS LOOKS STRONG IN HOUSE

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 175 words


The House signaled strong bipartisan support Tuesday for rescuing farmers from
their worst financial crisis in at least a decade. President Clinton, meanwhile,
warned that "thousands and thousands" of producers could go out of business
without government help. In a non-binding procedural move, the House voted
331-66 to use the budget surplus for the farm aid rather than requiring
politically impossible cuts in other government programs. The administration has
endorsed measures totaling $7 billion.

Farm income is expected to be down 15 percent nationwide and far more in some
states because of plunging grain prices, drought in the South and crop disease
in the Midwest. Wheat prices are down 30 percent from the average for the last
five years. How much aid Congress will provide this year and in what form are
still being debated. The Senate approved $500 million in July, but prices have
continued to fall and the Agriculture Department says that will not be nearly
enough. Monday, the Senate rejected an administration plan.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Washington News in Brief

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
Katherine Ozer of the National Family Farm Coalition goes over newspaper
clippings with Nebraska farmers Juanita and Darrel Buschkoetter, who testified
Tuesday on Capitol Hill about the farm crisis.
[980916 FR 8A 1]

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            September 1, 1989 Friday

Comment on Polish aid spurs pork belly futures

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: Chicago IL


Reuter
  CHICAGO
   Pork bellies rose after U.S. Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said
a request from Poland for U.S. bacon was receiving prompt attention.

Chicago Board of Trade soybean futures also rallied after a private
forecaster predicted that an earlier-than-normal frost would cut into
yields.

Traders at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange scurried to buy pork belly
contracts - which they sold Wednesday for want of news on the aid plan -
when Mr. Yeutter said talks were ongoing.

"Nothing has been decided. It's on the front burner," he said,
confirming speculation that the issue of sending food help was under
review.

Poland has asked the United States and other nations for 700,000 tonnes
of food, including meat and grains.

Analysts said meat aid for Poland may not benefit everyone in the
United States. Shipping frozen meat to Europe would be costly, noted one
analyst: "Someone will have to pay for it. Either the consumer with higher
prices or the taxpayer."

Soybeans also posted reduced gains on conflicting talk at the Chicago
Board of Trade about a forecast for an early frost.

Traders said one analyst had predicted cold weather for the U.S.
Midwest, sparking a rally that fizzled when rival forecasters said frost
next week was unlikely.

"Our long-term outlooks don't show a big cold mass . . . strong enough
to produce frost," one meteorologist said.

In precious metal trading, unusually high stocks and negative sentiment
weighed on silver prices, pushing them toward the $5 (U.S.) an ounce
level.

The weakness in silver spilled over into the gold pit.

A strong U.S. dollar also depressed gold but it rebounded from a new
contract low as traders squared books before the Labor Day weekend.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                         Concept By Ia Hearing Aid Ctr

                              267 E San Marnan Dr
                              Waterloo,  IA 50702
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 319-233-3368
URL: http://iowahearing.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/ConceptbyIowaHearing
http://www.facebook.com/makeawish.iowa.jollyholidaylights
http://www.youtube.com/iowahearing
https://twitter.com/IAHearing
https://twitter.com/twitter

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 22065637

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Concept By Ia Hearing Aid Ctr is a supplier focussed on Solutions, and 1 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Concept By Ia Hearing Aid
Ctr does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as
well as 27 other major Manufacturing Industries. Concept By Ia Hearing Aid Ctr
has at least 12 business locations. The company describes itself via it's
website thusly: "CONCEPT is a second home for anyone looking to find out about
hearing loss and improve their hearing with tiny cutting-edge technology and
supportive"
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; All Other Health and Personal Care Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
45399867
SIC CODES:
59990903
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Solutions


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Mining
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alum
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Coal
     ·    Copper
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Ice
     ·    Limestone
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Plastics


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetaminophen, Albums, Alum, Amplifiers, Angles, Antioxidants,
Auctions, Backgrounds, Bands, Baseballs, Basketballs, Bells, Bicycles, Bobsleds,
Bombs, Boots, Braces, Brochures, Buggies, Building Blocks, Bullets, Buses,
Buttons, Calendars, Candy, Channels, Chemicals, Clothing, Coal, Collectors,
Copper, Coupons, Cranks, Crates, Credit Cards, Crystal, Cyclones, Drawers, Feet,
Felt, Flags, Footballs, Games, Generators, Gift Cards, Giveaways, Glass, Gold,
Governors, Guides, Hearing Aids, Hones, Horns, Hubs, Ice, Jeans, Lights,
Limestone, Microphones, Mobile Clinics, Mobile Units, Molds, Motorcycles,
Nickel, Overalls, Panels, Pictures, Plastics, Platforms, Posts, Precision
Instruments, Price Tags, Profiles, Puppets, Radios, Railroads, Receivers,
Registers, Remote Controls, Scales, Sheds, Shoes, Signals, Solutions, Spikes,
Suits, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Tailgates, Targets, Telephones, Tents, Testing
Equipment, Trophies, Vans, Wheelchairs, Wire, Yachts

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          September 9, 1987, Wednesday

CHEMICAL BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: CHEMICALS/PLASTICS, Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 634 words


Cyanamid to Purchase

Revlon Lens Unit

WAYNE, N.J. - American Cyanamid Co. has agreed to purchase Revlon's intraocular
lens business, currently operating as the Coburn Professional Products Division,
for an undisclosed price.

The acquisition will broaden Cyanamid's participation in the ophthalmic segment
of the medical device market and will operate as part of the Storz Instrument
business, acquired by Cyanamid in 1986.

Revlon's intraocular lens business is headquartered in Clearwater, Fla., and
operates in the United States and a number of overseas markets.

Cyanamid is a research-based biotechnology and chemical company that develops
proprietary medical, agricultural, chemical and consumer products and
manufactures and markets them worldwide.

j Du Pont, CIC Canadian

Sign Explosives Deal

WILMINGTON, Del. - E.I. Du Pont de Nemours & Co. announced that CIC Canadian
Investment Capital Ltd., through its subsidiary, ETI Explosives Technologies
International, has signed a definitive agreement to purchase Du Pont's
commercial explosives business in the United States.

CIC also signed a similar definitive agreement to purchase the Canadian
explosives business of Du Pont Canada Inc. Du Pont Canada is a 73 percent owned
subsidiary of the Du Pont Co. Completion of the sales is expected during the
fourth quarter. Terms were not disclosed.

j Ga. Asks Hartz to Halt

Shipments of Blockade

ATLANTA - The Georgia Department of of Agriculture will ask Hartz Mountain Corp.
to voluntarily discontinue shipment into the state of their pet flea and tick
repellent, Blockade, and consider adding precautionary language to the label
following reports of pet deaths and illnesses in Georgia.

Commissioner of Agriculture Tommy Irvin said a certified letter will be sent to
the company asking that a representative meet with department officials to
discuss labeling on the product. "It is our hope they would voluntarily meet
with us to find precautionary language which could be added to the Blockade
label in hopes of eliminating the alleged problems with this product."

EPA officials told state Agriculture Department officials that next week they
probably will direct Hartz to provide additional research data, and likely will
require supplemental label warnings to be placed on Blockade containers while
EPA reviews the new data.

j Six Groups Get Grants

For AIDS Projects

NEW HAVEN, Conn. - Yale University has been awarded a $ 1 million grant from the
National Institute of Health for research in developing a drug to combat AIDS.

The Yale research group is one of six being financed by the federal institute.
Others are the University of California at San Francisco and at Los Angeles,
Harvard University, Agouron Pharmaceuticals Inc. and SmithKline & French
Laboratories Inc.

The Yale project will focus on subcellular research to understand the chemical
structure ofAIDS virus proteins in order to develop drugs to block the protein
from either infecting or growing within healthy human cells.

j NJ Residents Oppose

Hazardous Waste Plant

TRENTON, N.J. - More than half of New Jersey's residents would oppose the
construction of a toxic waste treatment plant in their communities, and
one-fourth said they would move if the plant were built in their town, according
to a local newspaper poll.

The Star-Ledger-Eagleton Poll showed that more than one in three New Jersey
residents would either contribute to a legal defense fund or take part in a
peaceful protest to stop construction of such a facility.

The state is looking for sites to build one above-ground hazardous waste storage
plant and one or two hazardous waste incinerators.

Forty percent of the respondents said they would help pay court and attorney
fees to halt such a project.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: CHEMICAL BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             August 30, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Mitchell argues case in U.S.

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 691  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (CP) -- Canadian Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell came away
empty-handed Saturday after arguing the case for reopening the Canada-U.S.
border to live cattle exports in a meeting with his American counterpart.

Mitchell travelled to New York City specifically to meet U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Ann Veneman face to face for the first time and described her as "very
businesslike" as they discussed the mad cow crisis that has been crushing the
Canadian cattle industry for 16 months.

In a brief interview after the meeting, Mitchell said he argued the Canadian
case based on science, but it wasn't clear how well his position was received by
Veneman, in New York for this week's Republican convention.

"She indicated to me she wanted to see the regulatory process moving forward in
the States," to speed up resolution of the situation, Mitchell said.

The fact that Washington is moving so slowly toward reopening the border makes a
"made-in-Canada" solution all the more important, he added.

"It's clear there's no specific end dates to the American review process."

The United States and other countries closed their borders to Canadian beef
exports after a single case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or BSE, was
discovered in May 2003 on a farm in northern Alberta.

The U.S. started allowing some cuts of beef across the border last September,
but continues to ban imports of live Canadian cattle, creating a backlog of beef
and driving down prices.

Another case of BSE was found last December in a cow in Washington State, which
has complicated matters for American ranchers threatened with the loss of some
of their own markets, such as Japan.

But some Canadian producers suspect part of the reason the U.S. seems to be
dragging its heels on resolving the border issue is to protect its own beef
industry.

Industry groups such as the Canadian Cattlemen's Association have developed
long-term plans for coping with the mad cow crisis, which include emergency cash
aid from governments as well as initiatives for boosting slaughter capacity,
loan guarantees and market expansion to reduce reliance on the U.S.

Some of those have captured Mitchell's imagination as a way to help cope with
the border closure.

In Saturday's meeting, Mitchell said he underscored the importance of moving the
rule to readmit live cattle beyond the review process, where it has been stuck
since April, as the delay is causing "significant disruption" to Canadian
producers.

"She (Veneman) basically said that she wanted to make sure that the decisions
they undertook would not be challenged," Mitchell said.

"I said I understood that, but stressed the importance of that taking place
quickly."

Dennis Laycraft, executive vice-president of the Canadian Cattlemen's
Association, says the U.S. Department of Agriculture has had plenty of time to
test the immunity of the proposed rule against legal challenges.

Laycraft said the department should file the rule with the Office of Management
and Budget.

"At least that moves it to the second level and the clock starts ticking there,"
he said, noting the agency will have either 60 or 90 days to make a decision,
depending on what designation it gives the rule.

Ottawa has started to drop broad hints that as the crisis drags on, more
emergency aid could be coming for the cash-strapped industry.

Ralph Goodale, the federal finance minister from Regina, has been suggesting
recently that he might shake open Ottawa's piggy bank.

In March, at the time of the last federal budget, Ottawa announced a $1-billion
farm-aid package that included $680 million in relief for cattle producers.

That also included a pledge from Goodale of more help if the border remained
closed "for a protracted period."

Goodale has recently repeated that pledge to help cope with mad cow -- "a
serious issue not just for producers but a serious issue for the country."

However, he hasn't said just how much aid might be made available.

"I'm not in a position now to put a dollar figure on the situation," said
Goodale.

"But we've got to be prepared to stand by our producers through this incredibly
difficult period which is not at all of their making."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 12, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

DRY WINTER RAISES FEARS ABOUT DROUGHT IN TEXAS;
BUSH DECLARES EMERGENCIES IN MOST OF STATE IN ORDER TO GAIN FEDERAL AID

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A5

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, TEXAS


Gov. George W. Bush declared an emergency in two-thirds of the state Thursday
amid worries that the unusually dry winter may give way to a summertime drought
more ruinous than last year's.

The emergency declaration in 167 of the state's 254 counties makes Texas
eligible for federal aid, which Bush said is needed to pay for the movement of
firefighting equipment to areas that may soon need it.

"I think we ought to pray for rain," Bush said.

Last year, bone-dry weather turned the Texas landscape into a tinderbox,
sparking more than 10,000 wildfires. The drought devastated the state's major
crops. More than one-fourth of the corn crop was lost, two-thirds of the cotton
and hay shriveled up and close to half of the sorghum, used primarily as animal
feed, died.

This year is looking like it could be worse.

The state has had way below-normal rainfall since the first of the year,
according to Carl Anderson, agricultural extension economist at Texas A&M
University. Last year, the drought began in early March.

"Agriculture is truly in peril," said Texas Agriculture Commissioner Susan
Combs. "They simply cannot make it when you have drought coupled with low and
falling prices."

She added: "I hope that weather forecasts for continued dry and warm weather in
Texas are proven wrong."

The Texas Forest Service said fire danger is increasing across Central and West
Texas, much of which never recovered from last year. The wildfire potential
already is greater in parts of West Texas and the Panhandle than it was in May
1998, the service said. In addition, spring winds are further drying out grazing
lands.

If a drought materializes, it will be the third in four years for the nation's
second-largest state.

"We're at the same point today that we were in May and June last year," said
Forest Service Director Jim Hull, who described conditions as "desperate."

Farmers and ranchers, still struggling from last year, are reporting problems.
Boll weevils, beetles that destroy cotton, are proliferating because farmers
cannot pay for eradication. And hay for livestock feed is in short supply.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo from the ASSOCIATED PRESS - A farmer near Veribest, Texas,
prepares his land for winter planting. Gov. George W. Bush declared an emergency
in 167 of the Texas' 254 counties because of an abnormally dry winter.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Rescue One Training For Life

                              7621 Rickenbacker Dr
                                    Ste 700
                            Gaithersburg,  MD 20879
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 301-740-3390
URL: http://www.rescue-one.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Rescue-One-Training-For-Life-Inc/212712378739609
http://www.youtube.com/RescueOneTraining
https://twitter.com/RescueOneTrng
https://www.linkedin.com/company/647093

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 24678967

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Rescue One Training For Life is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on
Defibrillators, First Aid, Organs, Safety Products, Solutions, and 11 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Rescue One Training For
Life does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as
well as 27 other major Manufacturing Industries. Rescue One Training For Life
has at least 5 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Our Maryland certified training courses include: CPR/AED, First Aid,
ACLS, PALS, BLS for Healthcare Providers, Emergency Medical Responder, OSHA,
Emergency Preparedness, Pet First Aid (with CPR), and Fire Extinguisher
training."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Boat Dealers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54161800
SIC CODES:
83220000
CAGE CODES:
3AV23
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Defibrillators
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Organs
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Suits
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals
     ·    Safety Training Programs


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Atropine
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Ice
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Magnesium Sulfate
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sodium


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Women Owned Business, Women-Owned Small Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aircraft, Alcohol, Ambulances, Aspirin, Atropine, Automobiles,
Backgrounds, Backpacks, Bands, Basketballs, Battery Chargers, Battery Packs,
Belts, Boosters, Bracelets, Brakes, Brochures, Brushes, Buttons, Cakes, Calcium,
Calendars, Candy, Cannulas, Cartridges, Catheters, Channels, Chemicals, Chests,
Clothing, Coins, Cuffs, Defibrillators, Dials, Differentials, Dressing Rooms,
Elastic Bands, Electrodes, Elements, Face Masks, Feet, Felt, Fire Extinguishers,
First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flashing,
Flats, Flow Regulators, Flowmeters, Games, Gels, Generators, Guides, Hardware,
Hazardous Materials, Helmets, Hydrogen, Ice, Inhibitors, Instructional
Materials, Jewelry, Keychains, Laptop Computers, Lifts, Lights, Lithium
Batteries, Magnesium, Magnesium Sulfate, Masks, Measures, Mechanisms,
Metronomes, Motorcycles, Nipples, Organs, Overalls, Oxygen, Oxygen Regulators,
Personnel Lifts, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Plastics, Platforms,
Posts, Potassium, Power Supplies, Profiles, Protective Covers, Radios, Razors,
Rechargeable Batteries, Refractories, Registers, Rentals, Replacement Parts,
Restraints, Safety Products, Safety Training Programs, Scales, School Buildings,
Scopes, Seats, Sheets, Shoes, Silver, Soap, Sockets, Sodium, Solutions, Spices,
Sprays, Stools, Suits, Tablets, Telephones, Tins, Toggles, Tourniquets,
Transitions, Traps, Uniforms, Vessels, Video Displays, Wall Brackets, Warning
Signs, Wire, X-Ray

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            September 1, 2006 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Ranchers hurt by drought may get aid;
The state could hear today how much of a $50 million federal relief fund that
affected livestock farmers can expect to see.

BYLINE: Matt McKinney, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 503 words


Minnesota's drought-stricken livestock farmers may get a bit of federal rain
today: The state is expecting to learn how much of a $50 million pot of U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) relief will come to cattle ranchers who have
seen some of the hottest, driest weather on record.

The hot weather had some ranchers selling their cattle prematurely, or even
selling entire herds, as hay and water supplies dried up, said Chuck Feikema,
president of the Minnesota State Cattlemen's Association.

"Up in the northern part of the state it's going to be a benefit to them, but is
it going to recoup all of their losses? Probably not," Feikema said.

The USDA is expected to send a letter to Gov. Tim Pawlenty today outlining how
much money will come to Minnesota and the conditions for distributing it to
livestock farmers.

The aid comes as part of a broader $780 million package made up of accelerated
payments and new and unused funds announced this week by U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Mike Johanns.

About $700 million of the package comes from a government hedge against bad
weather and low market prices that would have gone to the farmers anyway, but at
a later date.

The package drew fire from Democrats and from some farm groups who called it too
little to help farmers.

"I don't think this is going to do a thing in my district," said U.S. Rep.
Collin Peterson, D-Minn. He said the state's farmers are still waiting for help
for crop losses last year because of flooding.

"The administration has been against it, and that's been our problem," he said.
Now, he said, "they're trying to make it look like they're doing something, but
the majority of the money is just an accelerated payment."

A USDA spokesman said the government will accelerate its counter-cyclical
payments to cotton, sorghum and peanut farmers, crops that are largely not grown
in Minnesota.

The office of U.S. Rep. Mark Kennedy, R-Minn., meanwhile, said the USDA will
accelerate payments to drought-stricken soybean farmers as well, but that could
not be confirmed by the agency or by a spokesman for the state office of the
USDA's Farm Service Agency.

Package `rings hollow'

"I hate to say it, this year is an election year," said Doug Peterson, president
of the Minnesota Farmers Union. The aid package "kind of rings hollow for me and
a lot of farmers," he said.

A dozen members of his group plan to travel to Washington this month to push for
more relief, he said.

It's an election-year problem that may not be resolved before the end of the
corn and soybean harvests, meaning after the polls close, state Agriculture
Commissioner Gene Hugoson said.

"That's one of the dilemmas right now: Nobody is sure how severe this is," he
said.

The state has asked that 36 counties be declared disaster areas, making them
eligible for low-interest loans for farmers and ranchers.

A few counties may be added, Hugoson said.

The drought has covered as much as two-thirds of Minnesota, primarily in the
northwest and central portions of the state.

Matt McKinney - 612-673-7329

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                                October 11, 2005

Business - Gordon Brown demands EU deliver fair trade at Catholic aid
conference;

SECTION:  Pg. 47

LENGTH: 339 words


Chancellor Gordon Brown has demanded action to "tackle the waste" of the EU
Common Agricultural Policy (Cap) as part of global efforts to deliver fairer
trade to the world's poorest countries.

Speaking last week, Mr Brown said achievements on increased aid and debt relief
following July's G8 summit would be undermined without progress on trade when
leaders from the world's richest nations meet in Hong Kong in December.

"As we prepare for and then resume the talks on world trade, our job, Europe's
job, America's job, is to be on the side of opening the markets of the rich to
the poorest of the world," Mr Brown told an audience in Edinburgh.

In the 40th anniversary lecture for the Scottish Catholic International Aid Fund
(SCIAF) at St Mary's Cathedral, he hailed the agreement to double aid to Africa
and the recent launch of the International Finance Facility for Immunisation,
which he said should save 10 million lives.

Mr Brown also pointed to progress on debt relief, in particular the multilateral
debt write-off for the world's poorest countries.

But he insisted that the "debacle" and "disappointments" of previous World Trade
Organisation (WTO) summits in Seattle and Cancun must be avoided in nine weeks'
time.

"The key to progress is progress on agriculture, for most of the world's poor
still depend for their livelihoods on farming," Mr Brown said.

"We must address the trade rules that not only prevent poor people from throwing
off the shackles of poverty, but shackle poor communities still further, and so
we must put an end to what people in the poorest countries rightly see as our
hypocrisy of developed country protectionism."

The Chancellor pledged to press for the conclusion of a trade deal that would
"completely open markets to exports from poorer countries".

"We must expose and tackle the waste of the EU Common Agricultural Policy and
our test at Hong Kong will be setting a timetable - 2010 - to end agricultural
export subsidies," Mr Brown said.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 The Irish News Limited


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 208  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no.  AG-INTS-S-13-0003                   Posted on: September 29,
2014

Notice Type:  Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2014 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=eaa63fedae7b58a166ab3edc5716f6ea&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 4, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no.  AG-INTS-S-13-0003                   Posted on: August 04, 2014

Notice Type:  Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2014 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=eaa63fedae7b58a166ab3edc5716f6ea&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no.  AG-INTS-S-13-0003                   Posted on: May 23, 2014

Notice Type:  Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2013 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=eaa63fedae7b58a166ab3edc5716f6ea&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no. AG-INTS-S-13-0003     Posted on: May 23, 2014

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2013 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b3111a7b0ed3cd9f1f8f720bf186138d&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no. AG-INTS-S-13-0003          Posted on: May 07, 2014

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2013 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b3111a7b0ed3cd9f1f8f720bf186138d&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no.  AG-INTS-S-13-0003                   Posted on: May 01, 2014

Notice Type:  Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2013 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=eaa63fedae7b58a166ab3edc5716f6ea&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no.  AG-INTS-S-13-0003                   Posted on: April 03, 2014

Notice Type:  Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2013 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=eaa63fedae7b58a166ab3edc5716f6ea&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Marine
Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services"

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Marine Cargo Discharge/Delivery Survey Services."

Solicitation no.  AG-INTS-S-13-0003                   Posted on: November 02,
2013

Notice Type:  Combined Synopsis/Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 488

Description: The USDA requests proposals from responsible sources to provide
marine cargo discharge/delivery survey services in various countries. The
service will include surveys of containerized, and/or breakbulk, and/or bulk
food aid cargoes. Separate firm, fixed-price requirements contracts to provide
survey services for food aid shipments to Bangladesh, Benin, India, Ivory Coast,
and South Sudan are contemplated.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 11, 2013 10:00 am Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Steve Yancey,
Commodity Program Specialist
steve.yancey@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-1460

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=eaa63fedae7b58a166ab3edc5716f6ea&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  AUGUST 12, 1999 Thursday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

N.J. FARMS: RECOVERY IS YEARS AWAY NOT ONLY IS THE DROUGHT'S TOLL ON CROPS
EXTENSIVE, BUT U.S. LOANS ARE DEPLETED.

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley and Melody McDonald, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 996 words


Anthony Grasso, a 36-year-old peach farmer in Elm in Camden County, has very
little to show for his labor in this year's harvest. With the drought and heat,
he expects to gather maybe only 5 percent to 10 percent of the crop.

Grasso's wife, Lori, 35, is encouraging the couple's two children, ages 11 and
4, to seek higher education so they will have something to fall back on should
they choose their father's shaky profession.

"It's a tough career," said Lori Grasso, who keeps the books for the
family-owned farm, which of late has had nothing but mounting expenses, such as
$125,000 for fertilizers and chemicals. "My husband doesn't feel like there is
much of a future in farming."

More than extensive crop damage is at stake as the drought continues its drain
on the state's nearly $1 billion-a-year agriculture industry. With New Jersey
declared a farm disaster area Tuesday by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman, state officials said yesterday that it would take years to recover
from the drought's economic impact.

Another setback is that farm-loan programs in Washington have been depleted
because of the number of states that have applied for emergency assistance, due
to last year's drought in some areas and this year's.

All of Connecticut was declared a farm disaster area yesterday, along with 19
counties in Maryland, six in New York, five in Virginia, and one in New Mexico.
West Virginia was designated a farm disaster area last week, as were 87 counties
in Ohio on Tuesday.

In Pennsylvania yesterday, Gov. Ridge again appealed to Glickman to declare his
state a farm disaster area. Because 34 counties in New York were designated
disaster areas Tuesday along with 19 in New Jersey, 10 adjacent Pennsylvania
counties became eligible for federal low-interest loans.

Politicians in New Jersey and Pennsylvania asked Congress this week to
distribute grants and direct cash payments in addition to federal low-interest
loans to drought-stricken farmers. Grants and such payments would not have to be
paid back.

But officials at the U.S. Department of Agriculture said yesterday that the
back-to-back drought years had depleted their coffers. The agency spent its
entire fiscal 1999 budget of $287 million for emergency loans by June.

"Right now, we have no emergency loan money to distribute," said Carolyn
Cooksie, department administrator for farm-loan programs at the Farm Service
Agency. "We fund on a first-come, first-serve basis, and because of
weather-related disasters in '98 and '99, there's not a penny left."

Cooksie said her agency would appeal to Congress for additional funding because
it still has a backlog of applications from last year's drought, which wiped out
farmers in several Western and Southwestern states.

While there are no dollar figures on this year's crop damage in Pennsylvania,
the National Agricultural Statistics Service of the USDA has estimated that only
12 percent of the state's corn crop and only 1 percent of its pasture land are
in good condition.

In New Jersey, farmers are enduring financial hardships not seen 20 years. State
officials are estimating that damage to the state could reach $500 million
before the drought is over.

"Every day that this goes on, the losses grow exponentially," said a somber John
Rigolizzo Jr., president of the State Farm Bureau. "It's really stark. You see
burned-up fields up and down the state, just like toast."

Hay and field crops have nearly been destroyed by the dry spell and heat,
Rigolizzo said.

Fruit and vegetable growers have lost 25 percent to 50 percent of their crops,
he said, while grain and forage farmers have lost about half of their acreage to
the drought.

Rigolizzo said the conditions were so bad that it could take five or six years
before new peach and apple trees start producing fruit.

Farmers are already knee-deep in debt from last year's dry conditions, and
Rigolizzo said many had approached him about possibly asking lending
institutions to adjust their policies to take natural disasters into
consideration.

"Government works very slow," he said. "With [federal] assistance programs, it's
like a slow death. We need different forms of help. There are guys out there who
haven't received last year's aid. Now is the time to be looking for grants."

Virgil Eachus, a grain and dairy farmer who runs Wellacrest Farms Inc. in
Mullica Hill, will need at least $150,000 to break even this year. He is
ineligible to apply for federal loans, saying he is maxed out. "You can only
borrow so much," he said.

Eachus, 61, is counting on disaster-aid grants to get him through the year. The
fourth-generation farmer milks 300 cows and farms 1,500 acres of corn and
alfalfa, used mainly to feed the cows. This year, he won't have enough grain to
feed the cows and will have to buy corn to sustain his herd.

"We plant 930 acres of corn, and it is all burned up," he said. "It was too hot
to pollinate, and it didn't make any grain."

Severe weather and mounting debt have left Paul Hlubik, 39, disillusioned. He
farms more than 1,000 acres of grain and hay in Burlington, Monmouth, Mercer and
Ocean Counties. He said that 350 acres of crops were dead and that the rest were
producing about a third of what they normally would. He estimates he has lost
$100,000 to $200,000.

Making matters worse, Hlubik has found himself at an "unfair disadvantage" in
qualifying for federal assistance. He must be denied by his regular lender
before he can apply for federal low-interest loans. His good credit is working
against him.

"I'm not saying that I'm not grateful for the loans, because I am," he said.
"But a low-interest loan is not for everyone. It's for those who have been
denied by their regular lender."

Hlubik is grateful for one thing: He doesn't have children.

"If I had kids, I wouldn't want them to farm," he said. "And now I know why my
mom always pushed me away from it."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 24, 1994, Friday, Tampa Edition

Feeding minds, bodies

BYLINE: KARI K. RIDGE

SECTION: TAMPA TODAY; EDUCATION; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 648 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Just because school is out for the summer, parents in Hillsborough County  don't
have to worry that their children will be eating non-nutritious snacks  or
nothing at all.

For the first time, this year many of the county's schools are providing  free
lunch and breakfast to summer school students as well as to children 18  and
younger who are not attending summer school. Parents whose children are  not
attending summer school registered their children last month.

"During the school year, many of these children receive free or  reduced-price
meals, but during the summer months, who feeds the children?"  said Bernadine
King, manager of the  social services department's summer food  program for
children. "If a child doesn't have the basic foods to thrive,  there's going to
be bigger social problems down the road."

The school program is funded by a grant from the U.S. Department of  Agriculture
with money funneled through the Department of Education. It is  available to all
children at 81 schools participating in Hillsborough this  year. For a school to
qualify, at least 50 percent of the student body must be  eligible for free or
reduced-price meals during the school year.

Three junior highs, one high school and 77 elementary schools are providing  two
meals throughout the summer months - and jobs for 250 school cafeteria
employees. There are hot lunches such as pizza, chicken sandwiches and hot
dogs.

"The point is to make sure these kids are eating," said Mary Kate  Harrison,
director of food service for the county School Board. "If they  weren't getting
this service, many children would buy prepackaged foods with  empty calories on
their way home from school. We're providing nutrients and  reaching out to a lot
of kids who would normally be hungry."

Adriana Torres, a Town 'N Country mother, has brought her three children to
Dickenson Elementary School several times for breakfast and lunch since the
program began last week.

"With three children, I don't have time to cook hot meals all the time,"  Torres
said, while cutting up 2-year-old Adam's pizza. "The meals here are  great. They
get something from all the food groups. And I feel good knowing  they're eating
right. It's definitely better than nothing or fast food."

Lou Diaz, assistant principal at Adams Junior High, said he often can  detect
children who show up for school who have not eaten breakfast.

"These are growing teenagers so they always appear hungry," Diaz said.  "This
program helps those kids that haven't eaten - or don't have the money  to eat at
school - to remain anonymous. At this age, a lot of students are  very
embarrassed to pull out a free meal card, and often they won't eat at all
because they don't want anyone to know. This makes all the kids equal."

Although the program is available to all children under 18 throughout the
county, the majority of participants so far are summer school students. These
students, along with five to 10 children at each school who are not enrolled,
consume about 30,000 lunches each day.

Lea Hernandez, a summer science/math teacher at Dickenson Elementary, said  it
is important for her students to eat in preparation for the daily lessons.

"This class focuses on experiments, hands-on lessons that students have to  be
up and around to do," Hernandez said. "By lunchtime they have exhausted  all
their energies from breakfast, and they need this extra boost. Without  this
program, most kids would just grab a bag of chips and a soda."

For more information about the summer food service program, call the school
nearest you or Hillsborough Co. Schools Food Service at 272-4126. In addition,
the Hillsborough County department of social services provides a free summer
food service for children at local recreation centers and parks. Call  276-2092.



LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA TODAY

                            Times Publishing Company


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday

Farmers finally getting drought assistance

BYLINE: Jared Janes, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


Sep. 3--MISSION -- Chuck McDonald said it's the worst year he has had in three
decades of farming.

Hurricane Dolly swamped the Monte Alto farmer's land last year when he was
already reeling from dry conditions.

Right after he recovered from Dolly, this year's drought and high temperatures
combined to devastate his cotton and grain crops.

"You never can get the right weather at the right time," said McDonald, the
chair of Hidalgo County's Farm Service Agency committee. "You're dealing with
disaster after disaster."

Aid to the agricultural producers hurt by last year's hurricanes and this year's
drought has been slow to come despite the implementation of a standing disaster
trust fund in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The new program --the Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments Program, or SURE
for short -- replaces disaster relief aid that was distributed on a case-by-case
basis, said Juan Garcia, the Farm Service Agency's state director.

Aid distributed in the old manner was often unreliable, but the U.S. Department
of Agriculture has been slow to implement the new programs the bill established.

U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar, D-Laredo, said assistance to farmers through SURE will
be available beginning in November.

Hidalgo and Webb counties have formal disaster declarations from the drought.
Starr, Zapata and Jim Hogg counties have pending declarations.

"The drought didn't start yesterday," Cuellar said. "It's been a while. The
assistance for farmers and producers needs to happen now."

In the Rio Grande Valley, the devastating drought has killed a fifth of the
acreage, with dryland crops faring the worst.

Valley crop losses alone are estimated at $10.4 million through the end of July.

Total losses for ranchers and farmers across the state are pegged at $3.6
billion.

The crop damage in the Valley has dealt a heavy blow to farmers who were already
hurting from Hurricane Dolly losses estimated at $20 million.

Tommy Guerra, who runs cattle on 5,500 acres of land near Roma, said the drought
is affecting ranchers as well.

Next week is a deadline to submit applications for assistance with
livestock-related losses attributed to the drought.

Guerra, one of about a dozen ag producers who met Wednesday with the state's FSA
director to get details on aid programs, said the drought has killed much of his
grass -- a rancher's main resource.

"It will be 100 (degrees) again next week," he said. "Grass can't grow at 100
degrees."

Jared Janes covers Hidalgo County government, Edinburg and general assignments
for The Monitor. He can be reached at (956) 683-4424.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090903-MC-Farmers-finally-getting-drought-assistance-0903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2009 The Monitor


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 7, 1993 Saturday

LENGTH: 516 words


WASHINGTON (AP) Ä Congress passed and sent to the White House on Friday a $5.7
billion spending bill to repair damage from months of flooding and heavy rain in
the Midwest. The measure also provides aid to farmers suffering crop losses this
year from the Southeastern drought and weather problems elsewhere. Approving the
measure by a voice vote, the House made only minor changes in the bill passed
Wednesday by the Senate.

The Senate accepted the House measure Friday on a voice vote without debate or
dissent. President Clinton was expected to sign it quickly. Clinton requested or
endorsed all the items in the aid package, which totaled only $2.5 billion when
he introduced it July 14 in waterlogged Des Moines, Iowa. The amount of aid has
steadily grown with the scope of the disaster, and will continue to rise as the
flood waters recede, exposing more damage to communities, homes, farms, highways
and livelihoods. Damage has been estimated at $12 billion. The loss to farm
production will become clearer next Wednesday when the Agriculture Department
issues its first corn and soybean production estimates based on field surveys
conducted this weekend. ""We've scattered money all over the world,'' said Rep.
William H. Natcher, D-Ky., chairman of the House Appropriations Committee,
urging the House to move quickly. ""These are our people and they're
suffering.'' Besides approving $2.3 billion in payments for crop losses, the
bill gives $2 billion for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the
front-line agency for aiding individuals and families. The bill provides funds
for repair of levees, highways and rail lines; temporary jobs in flood cleanup;
individual loans of up to $1.5 million for small businesses; and grants for
communities to rebuild. It offers a variety of other aid aimed at protecting
water supplies, safeguarding against epidemics and helping individuals repair
their homes and farms. Some of the spending that was approved will service
nearly $600 million in loans, bringing the total value of the aid to $6.2
billion. Because of the crop-loss provision added by the Senate, growers should
be able to collect the full amount of disaster payment under a formula contained
in the 1990 farm bill. The formula enables growers to collect about 42 cents on
each dollar of loss. Disaster spending bills since then, however, have limited
payments to farmers at 21 cents on the dollar. The $900 million in crop-disaster
payments will be borrowed from the Agriculture Department's Commodity Credit
Corp., rather than directly from the Treasury. The CCC continuously takes in and
pays out money, and Congress yearly appropriates more to cover shortfalls.
Supporters of the increased crop-loss payments say that higher corn prices
because of lost production will result in lower price support payments,
offsetting the cost of paying for crop losses. None of the spending will be
charged against the federal deficit because of the emergency. Still, lawmakers
complained that the bill begins to undo the $496 billion deficit reduction bill
the Congress approved this week.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Despite visit, Panhandle aid in doubt

BYLINE: John David Sutter, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 147 words


Gov. Brad Henry announced Monday he will visit the Panhandle on Wednesday.

But confusion remains as to what actually is being done to help those affected
most by the drought, which has drawn comparisons to the devastating Dust Bowl of
the 1930s.

In late May, local county officials sent letters to Henry asking him to request
a federal disaster declaration, which would bring low-interest loans and aid for
farmers. Many of them harvested dust instead of wheat this year or had to sell
off cattle because there was no grass for them to eat.

Since then, a number of politicians have advocated a disaster declaration and
the federal aid that would follow.

Oklahoma Agriculture Secretary Terry Peach said by phone that farmers and
ranchers in Cimarron and Texas counties are eligible for aid because they border
counties in the state of Texas that fall under a recent disaster declaration.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            August 5, 1999 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Senate approves $7.4 billion to aid farmers hurt by low prices;
Adding of money to Agriculture Department spending bill sets stage for
negotiations with House

BYLINE: By PHILIP BRASHER Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 658 words


WASHINGTON - The Senate on Wednesday approved $7.4 billion in assistance for
farmers hurt by depressed crop prices, setting the stage for negotiations with
the House.

Democrats and some farm-state Republicans wanted more money, including special
assistance for Eastern growers who are suffering through one of the region's
worst droughts this century.

GOP leaders beat back several attempts to fatten the package, but signaled their
willingness to consider adding money later during talks with the House.

"We think this is a very strong program. ... It's a strong commitment," said
Sen. Thad Cochran, R-Miss.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, said the Senate action should be a "clear signal"
to farmers and their bankers that help will be on the way this fall.

Gaylen Affield, who grows corn, soybeans and wheat near Fergus Falls, Minn., was
cheered by the Senate action. "The government has to do something here because
we can't produce at these prices."

On a 89-8 vote, the $7.4 billion money was added to an Agriculture Department
spending bill for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1.

The House didn't put any such assistance in its version of the bill, but Speaker
Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., said recently the House is "committed to taking decisive
action."

A House-Senate conference committee will negotiate the final shape of the
assistance package, with negotiations starting in September after Congress
returns from a monthlong recess.

Prices for corn, soybeans, wheat and other crops have slumped to lows not seen
by farmers in years, even decades in some cases, because of huge crops
worldwide. Federal farm subsidies already were expected to reach a near record
$16.7 billion even without the additional assistance Congress is considering.

Democrats unsuccessfully sought $500 million in disaster aid for
drought-stricken growers on the East Coast and Midwest farmers whose land is
flooded.

"We're going to have to have some money for disaster assistance," said Mary Kay
Thatcher, a lobbyist for the American Farm Bureau Federation.

The Senate's aid package includes $5.5 billion in direct payments to most
growers, a separate $475 million for soybean growers, $400 million in subsidies
for crop insurance, $328 million for tobacco growers and $325 million in
livestock assistance.

The measure also would double the cap on crop subsidies that an individual
farmer can receive from $75,000 to $150,000, a change sought by Southern
growers.

Earlier this week, Democrats had proposed a total of $11 billion in assistance
but conceded defeat after losing battles Wednesday afternoon over several
smaller packages.

"Throwing a short rope to someone who is drowning in deep water is a nice
gesture, but it's not a lifesaving gesture," said Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D. "One
of the facts of life for us is that we don't control the Senate."

The debate became something of a referendum on the 1996 farm law, popularly
known as "Freedom to Farm," which scaled back production-based crop subsidies.
Democrats wanted to put the bulk of the disaster aid into raising crop
subsidies, but Republicans said that would appear to be undoing the 1996 law.

The eight senators who voted against the aid package were Republicans Phil Gramm
of Texas, Judd Gregg and Bob Smith of New Hampshire, George Voinovich of Ohio
and Connie Mack of Florida, and Democrats Russ Feingold of Wisconsin, Bob Graham
of Florida and Robert Torricelli of New Jersey.

In a separate move intended to boost farm exports, the Senate added a provision
to the spending bill requiring the president to get congressional approval
before including food or medicine in a trade embargo. The only exceptions would
be for governments deemed to be sponsoring terrorism, including Cuba, Iraq and
Libya.

"When the U.S. uses food as a diplomatic weapon, by imposing unilateral
agricultural embargoes against foreign leaders, it takes away from our farmers
their ability to sell their product," said Sen. John Ashcroft, R-Mo.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 The Durham Herald Co.


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 11, 1986, Monday, Final Edition

Talking Points;
$1 Billion In Drought Aid Spreads Thin

BYLINE: By Marjorie Williams

SECTION: First Section; A13

LENGTH: 956 words


The largest single item in the administration's drought relief package,
announced recently by Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng, was $1 billion in
"advance deficiency payments" -- which represented a 10 percent boost in the
income subsidies sent farmers in advance under federal farm programs. In
announcing the package, Lyng said he was raising the payments in response to the
drought "because many of these farmers need payments now."

What Lyng didn't say, the Democratic-controlled House Agriculture Committee did:
that of the $1 billion, only $32 million, or less than 4 percent, will go to
farmers in the eight states that include counties designated as drought disaster
areas.

The largest chunk, $143 million, will go to farmers in Iowa, where it's been
raining billy-ho and farmers are near harvesting a bumper corn crop. Illinois,
with $96 million, is the next big winner.

There's nothing new here: the numbers just reflect the usual distribution of
farm subsidies, which are based on volume of production. The Southeast is a
relatively small producer of the major subsidized crops such as wheat, corn,
cotton and rice.

But some Democratic members of Congress felt that the Reagan administration was,
at the very least, disingenuous in the way it announced the drought aid.

"They're using it as filler to make it look like they're doing something," said
Rep. Glenn English (D-Okla.). "It's just not honest."

Daniel Amstutz, undersecretary of agriculture for international affairs and
commodity programs, said the aid had specifically been requested by officials of
drought states and denied that there was any intent to make it appear targeted
strictly to those areas.

"I can understand the confusion," Amstutz said. But "there's been no intent" to
confuse the issue.

A fatter drought aid package was approved Wednesday by the House, and a similar
measure has been approved by the Senate as an amendment to an unrelated bill.

Pecking Order . . .

Death and taxes are always with us, and parking controversies run a close third.

The latest fuss was touched off when the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command
(SPAWAR, to its intimates), located in cramped Crystal City, decided on a new
plan for assigning parking spots. Henceforth, it announced, parking privileges
would be based on rank rather than tenure.

One problem raised by the new rule was that, with the exception of a very few
senior managers, the caste system sends civilians to the bottom of the heap.
When Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.) began receiving complaints from longtime
employes who risked losing coveted parking spaces, she fired off an angry letter
to Secretary of the Navy John F. Lehman Jr.

"Why are military personnel more deserving of parking spaces than civilian
secretaries with young children who have been on the job for years?" she asked.

"It is my understanding," Schroeder continued, "that car pools are now
advertised by rank. With this new competitive policy, one would be crazy to
invite a lower grade employe to join a car pool."

Schroeder received a letter Wednesday from Chase Untermeyer, the Navy's
assistant secretary for manpower and reserve affairs, explaining:

"The principal objective of the revised instruction was to develop reasonable
criteria with which to balance the legitimate needs of both executive personnel
and carpools and to provide the necessary management controls to ensure
equitable distribution of the limited number of available parking spaces."

If only they'd said so in the first place.

Catch a Wave . . .

Following President Reagan's announcement last week of a major initiative
against drugs, Rep. Dan Burton (R-Ind.) decided to institute drug testing of his
staff.

Burton is apparently the third member of Congress start testing: Rep. E. Clay
Shaw Jr. (R-Fla.) volunteered his staff for testing in March, and Sen. Paula
Hawkins (R-Fla.) did the same in April. One member of Hawkins' staff reportedly
quit in protest, but Burton's test will be voluntary.

What if someone declines? "Well," said Burton, "I'd have a confidential talk
with them and ask them why, and take it from there. I don't think that I can
give you a clear-cut answer. But I'm not going to be using their employment as a
reprisal." He promises to keep results confidential.

Why test now? "I've thought about it for a long time," Burton said. "When the
president came out with a proposal to have himself and his Cabinet tested, I
said to myself, 'This must be the right time.' "

Burton said he has six or seven staffers in Washington, and the same number in
his home office in Indiana. He expects that all will cooperate, and plans to pay
for the tests himself.

The point, he said, is that "people who are admired by children have a
responsibility to set an example."

Lighten Up . . .

The August Award for Rhetorical Opportunism goes to the Center for Peace and
Freedom, a conservative organization that is lobbying in favor of the
president's Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI).

In a release advertising a rally on the anniversary last week of the atomic
bombing of Hiroshima, the group offered the following parallels:

In the first paragraph, SDI was urged in order "to protect America from an
accidental launch of Soviet nuclear missiles -- a possible 'military Chernobyl.'
"

In the second paragraph, the group promised to give a "Hiroshima award to
members of Congress who have been outspoken critics of the Strategic Defense
Initiative . . . 'in recognition of continual support for the policy of mutually
assured destruction, and the defenselessness of the American people.' " And in
the fifth graph, the release noted that the demonstrators "fear a nuclear 'Pearl
Harbor.' "

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 23, 2006 Sunday

Headlines highlight wasteful programs;
Reports detail political silliness

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT

SECTION: AGRICULTURE; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 707 words


July has been a tough month for farmers and ranchers in the Washington Post. On
July 2 and again on July 18, the Post published lengthy investigative pieces on
the enormous cost, wanton waste and built-in silliness of today's federal farm
programs.

The Page One headlines of each related the worst-kept secrets of Capitol Hill
policy-makers and U.S. food producers alike: "Farm Program Pays $1.3 Billion to
People Who Don't Farm," announced the July 2 piece; "No Drought Required For
Federal Drought Aid," blared the later story.

Each then went on to document how the 1996 Farm Bill, often referred to as
Freedom to Farm, and the 2002 Livestock Compensation Act, or drought bill, sent
farm program billions to non-farming farmers, non-ranching ranchers and
non-drought-suffering "victims."

(The Post published another Page One expose on July 19 on the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's poor oversight of the 2003 drought aid program.)

Each also contained quotes from happy-to-get-the-cash surgeons, lawyers, widows
and rain-soaked producers who received the windfalls mostly because they knew of
the programs and were breathing.

"The livestock program was a joke. We had no losses," said a Texas dairyman in
the July 18 story. "I don't know what Congress is thinking sometimes." (We do
know what the Texan was thinking; he took the maximum $40,000 program benefit
because "You would be a fool not to.")

The USDA's explanation of the cost and waste is the essential, bureaucratic
truth: We didn't write the goofy laws, Congress did. We only write the goofy
checks.

Congress did, indeed, write Freedom to Farm and the 2002 drought-relief bills,
and shortly thereafter expanded both to aid not only those who farm and ranch
but also those who shape, till and harvest the political landscape.

Or, in a phrase, Congress itself. For example, when GOP bosses - mainly Karl
Rove - saw a chance in 2002 to unseat Tim Johnson, South Dakota's Democratic
senator, President Bush jetted west to use Mount Rushmore as a backdrop to
inform drought-suffering ranchers to cinch their belts "another notch" tighter
because no emergency aid would be forthcoming.

Congress, Rove and the state's ranchers were aghast. Shortly thereafter,
Congress reversed the presidential prediction and approved emergency drought
aid.

Ranchers, however, did not forget. Johnson was re-elected over Republican
challenger John Thune by just 400 votes.

It was a mistake not repeated when the White House set its sights on South
Dakota's other Democratic senator, Majority Leader Tom Daschle, up for
re-election in 2004. The farm-aid rules were loosened and the floodgates opened
as the Republican Congress began to irrigate - with your money - key
congressional districts and states where the GOP hoped to make political hay.

And did they ever.

In November 2004, Senate boss Daschle was dethroned by Thune. The GOP also
tightened its grip on many Great Plains House seats. In Texas, Dems were
"droughted out" - redistricted - by now-disgraced House fixer Tom DeLay. One of
the Texas casualties was Democrat Charlie Stenholm, the House Ag Committee's
ranking penny-pincher.

All this GOP largesse continues to carry a price for farmers and ranchers today.

First, it put farmers and farm programs on the Post's front page - and not
unfairly. After all, since the Republican-written Freedom to Farm in 1996 became
the guiding U.S. farm policy, farm spending has become a raging river.

In the 1980s, federal farm programs cost an average of $8.6 billion per year. In
the 1990s, including the first three years (1997-1999) of F2F, it was $10.4
billion per year. Since 2000, however, it has gushed to $18.1 billion per year.

Second, politicizing emergency farm assistance helps politicians as much as
farmers. The 2002 drought program, and its looser 2003 rules, led to a fat 2004
for farmers and ranchers but an even fatter year for Republicans who
strengthened their hold on the House and retook the Senate.

Echoes of that victory are heard yet today as severe drought again scorches the
High Plains. Because there are no political benefits - no winnable House or
Senate seats left in the area - House Republicans have killed any chance for
2006 drought aid.

Guebert's e-mail address: agcomm@sbcglobal.net.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                    Bvhc.net

                               22 Sugar Creek Ctr
                             Bella Vista,  AR 72714
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 479-202-9661
URL: http://www.bvhc.net/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/BellaVistaHearingCenter
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bella-Vista-Hearing-Center/168496013160845
https://plus.google.com/104307492987680269874/about
https://plus.google.com/u/0/114899180769459919625/about
https://twitter.com/BVHearingCenter

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 25934371

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Bvhc.net is a manufacturer focussed on Hearing Aids, Solutions, Speakers, Suits,
Spinning, and 5 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
Bvhc.net does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries,
as well as 24 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Consumer Electronics Repair and Maintenance

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
44619900
SIC CODES:
38420000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Solutions


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Speakers
     ·    Suits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Mining
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Folic Acid
     ·    Insulin
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acid, Alarm Clocks, Alarm Systems, Ambulances, Amplifiers,
Antibiotics, Antioxidants, Anvils, Aspirin, Audiometers, Backgrounds, Barrels,
Beds, Blenders, Booms, Bowls, Briefs, Brushes, Bulbs, Buttons, Calendars,
Channels, Chemicals, Cloth, Cord, Cornerstones, Cosmetics, Cotton, Cotton Swabs,
Credit Cards, Dehumidifiers, Diagnostic Instruments, Drawers, Drums, Earphones,
Earplugs, Felt, Filters, Fire Alarms, Flashing, Flashing Lights, Folic Acid,
Footballs, Freezers, Games, Gift Cards, Globes, Guides, Guns, Hardware,
Headsets, Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Horns,
Insulin, Intakes, Keypads, Lamps, Lights, Machinery, Magnesium, Measures,
Microphones, Molds, Nets, Organs, Overalls, Oxygen, Paper Towels, Pasta,
Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Photography, Pictures, Posts, Promotional,
Puzzles, Radios, Receivers, Remote Controls, Replacement Parts, Rings, Rubber,
Rubber Bulbs, Salt, Sheets, Shotguns, Signals, Silicone, Silicone Molds,
Silicones, Sirens, Solutions, Space Heaters, Speakers, Spinning, Springs, Suits,
Surgical Implants, Swabs, Tables, Telephones, Towels, Transmissions, Vessels,
Yellows, Zinc Air Batteries

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday

Pa. Bill Aims To Aid Organic Farmers

BYLINE: Michael Yoder

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 781  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Roman Stoltzfoos got into organic farming more than 20 years ago not because it
was profitable but because he felt it was the right way to handle the land.

The Kinzers resident switched from conventional to organic farming in 1987 after
herbicides failed to clear up a weed infestation.

Today the proprietor of Spring Wood Farm said his dairy farm of 100 cows and 400
acres has turned into a lucrative operation, but he still feels he's saving the
farm for future generations of his family.

I'm doing what I believe in, and that's the main thing, Stoltzfoos said. I feel
good about what I'm doing, and I feel like the food that we're producing is
safer and better for my farm and my family.

Now members of the Pennsylvania Legislature are making a push to promote organic
farming across the state.

On Tuesday, the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee advanced
legislation proposed by state Rep. David Kessler that would provide temporary
financial aid to farmers who choose to convert to organic agriculture.

Kessler, a Berks County Democrat, said H.B. 2347 is designed as a safety net to
help farmers through the switch to organic farming.

The transition period, which involves getting nutrients back into the soil and
increasing crop yields, can take up to three years, Kessler said.

Kessler said farmers could receive up to $20,000 per year to cover any lost
revenues during the switch. He said the funding formula is based on the last
three years of revenue on a participating farm.

The bill has been in the works for 10 months, said Kessler, who consulted with
farmers and scientists at the Rodale Institute in Berks County, which has been
working on organic and sustainable farming issues for 60 years.

Kessler said a switch to organic farming will improve the quality of water and
air in the state.

Up to 5.5. million acres of farmland are tilled in Pennsylvania, Kessler said,
and if farmers switched to organic no-till methods, it would be the equivalent
of removing 2 to 3 million cars from the state's roads.

Besides the environmental issues, Kessler said, there's no better way to
preserve farmland than to make it more profitable. He said having organic farms
close to large cities and large food markets such as New York City and
Washington, D.C., could be a boon for farmers.

A lot of other states are taking advantage of (the organic) market, and this is
a way for us to take advantage of the market, especially when we're not that far
away from large populations, Kessler said.

Not everyone is convinced a switch to organic farming is the complete answer for
the farming community.

State Rep. Gordon Denlinger, a member of the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs
Committee, said he voted against advancing the bill because its stated policy
direction of encouraging farmers to switch most farming to organic methods.

Denlinger, a Caernarvon Township Republican, said the benefits of organic
farming methods are still an open question, and he would rather let market
forces dictate whether farmers are willing to go organic.

I think there's a lot of merit in changing our farming practices and moving
toward the organic direction, but can we do that and still supply the quantities
of food that are needed for the masses? Denlinger said. That question is still
very much present in my mind.

Philip Landis, who helps run the 115-acre Meadow Run Farm outside Lincoln, said
he feels some people in the organic movement don't go far enough in caring for
animals.

Landis raises grass-fed beef and lambs on the farm, limiting the use of
fertilizers. He sells to markets and restaurants in Philadelphia, using the
niche market of grass-fed animals to remain profitable.

Landis said he has some philosophical differences with the organic movement,
saying many farmers believe that mimicking nature will provide the best product.
He said having access to other tools, including hormones to rehabilitate sick
animals, does not take away from the organic movement.

Stoltzfoos, who said he is experiencing terrific consumer support compared to
when he started 20 years ago, said niche markets of organic products have proved
to be a better income source for smaller producers.

His major concerns with legislation promoting organic farming, Stoltzfoos said,
are the possible overproduction of organic products and the switching by farmers
who see dollar signs rather than ethical reasons for going organic.

I think that a farmer that does this because he really believes it's a better
way and he should make a safer living and a safer product for the people that
buy it is a much better reason than getting in it because they are going to get
a free ride, Stoltzfoos said.

E-mail: myoder@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 22, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Olympic Weekly;
210 DAYS;
EQUESTRIAN

BYLINE: Martha Woodham; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE OLYMPICS

LENGTH: 801 words



No plan on ban, yet
Horse owner says parasite shouldn't keep Olympians away

A small brown mare with a black mane switches her tail and munches hay
contentedly in a pasture north of Atlanta. In her veins, she carries a parasite
that has put Olympics officials and U.S. horse owners at odds.

In Brussels, Belgium, recently, officials from the United States and U.S.
Department of Agriculture, ACOG and the International Equestrian Federation met
- but failed to agree - on the ban on horses testing positive for piroplasmosis,
the same disease the mare has.

The officials continue to hash out conditions under which infected horses would
be allowed to compete in the Games - and who would pay for implementing the
conditions. Georgia Commissioner of Agriculture Tommy Irvin estimates the cost
to quarantine up to 50 horses could be as much as $ 1 million, and no one yet
knows exactly how many Olympic horses are carriers.

"We are well aware that there is great concern," said Irvin, stressing that, to
him, the issue is the quarantine's cost. "The nicest thing that could happen to
us is that the price would be so high, they decided not to come."

Get facts before protesting

Horse owners fearing Olympic horses will unleash the sometimes deadly disease
into this country have been bombarding government officials, trying to keep the
infected international competitors out.

But the disease is already among them. Unaware of the controversy, Doctrina, a
championship mare valued at $ 40,000, lives in quarantine, where she has been
for the past year.

For two years before her disease was discovered, Doctrina traveled to horse
shows throughout the Southeast without infecting other horses. (The disease must
pass from a carrier horse like Doctrina to a tick, and then the tick must bite
another horse for the disease to be transmitted.)That's why her owner came
forward, hoping to offer a calm voice and stem some of the hysteria.

"I understand that it is easy to panic when there is disease, be it AIDS or
piro," said Sally Fuller. She said she wanted people to get the facts before
they protest the Olympic horses coming to the $ 20 million Georgia International
Horse Park.

Vets check up regularly

Fuller's horse is living in a tick-free environment with a companion horse.
Their pasture is surrounded by buffer pastures, and state and federal vets check
them regularly. During tick season, the mare is sprayed daily.

"If I really thought in my heart of hearts that this horse is a threat to my
other horses or to my neighbors' horses, I would hope that I could look at this
dispassionately," Fuller said. She and her husband agree that they would
humanely destroy the horse before risking others, but "we can't afford to lose $
40,000. Also, I happen to love her."

Fuller's horse, imported from a South American country where piroplasmosis is a
fact of life, probably was already infected when she entered the United States
in 1986. Somehow, the disease was not discovered at the Miami quarantine
station. After acquiring the horse in 1990, Fuller showed her and bred her
before discovering in a random veterinary test the mare had piro.

"This mare had been in contact with hundreds of horses at national shows," said
Fuller. Not one, she said, has contracted the disease.

Fuller vetoed treating Doctrina, now 13, opting to keep her quarantined instead.
The treatment, a kind of chemotherapy to kill the parasites, can have severe
side effects. Horses have a life span of 20 to 25 years.

"It has an element of danger," said Dr. Ralph Knowles of the Maryland Department
of Agriculture, considered an expert on piroplasmosis. One of few vets in the
United States who has seen the disease, Knowles frequently travels to Europe to
treat horses and supervised Fuller's case.

"It's toxic to the blood parasites and can be toxic to the horse," he said.
"It's not an easy treatment, and sometimes it has to be repeated."

Playing a numbers game

Knowles does not support waiving the ban on the Olympic horses. Not only are
there ticks in Georgia known to spread the disease, he said, there are other
ticks that have not been researched.

"I consider it a risk," Knowles said, adding that international riders and
grooms from countries where horses have immunity may not understand the serious
threat to American horses. They may not be careful about upholding quarantine
conditions, especially during the excitement of competition.

Knowles said waiving the ban is a numbers game. Quarantining one horse in North
Georgia is a lot easier than controlling dozens at the Olympics, he said, and
"we don't know whether there will be 50 horses that are carriers or 200."

But for now, at least one piro-positive horse lives in isolation in North
Georgia.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 15, 2006 Friday
                                  City Edition

Ag states' lawmakers urge drought relief

BYLINE: JOSH SWARTZLANDER, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 316 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


WASHINGTON - Rep. Tom Osborne on Thursday joined fellow lawmakers from
agricultural states in urging Congress to pass a disaster bill for U.S. farmers
and ranchers struggling through a prolonged drought.

Osborne, R-3rd District and a member of the House Committee on Agriculture, said
it was unlikely such a bill would pass before the midterm congressional
elections in November.

The only chance to get a disaster bill through would be to attach it to a larger
appropriations bill, he said. But lawmakers are running out of time, with
Congress scheduled to recess in two weeks.

"Our options are not many, if any," said Rep. Jerry Moran, R-Kan.

At Thursday's press conference on Capitol Hill, a bipartisan group of members of
Congress from Texas, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Minnesota
and Nebraska pleaded for a nationwide disaster aid package worth at least $3
billion.

"We need to fire up everyone to work together," said Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Okla.

At the end of last month, Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns pledged about $780
million to farmers and ranchers, including $50 million in drought aid to
livestock producers.

Osborne and other lawmakers said that isn't enough.

The lawmakers' case for more funding took a hit earlier this week, when the Ag
Department boosted its monthly forecasts for soybeans by 6 percent and for corn
by 1 percent.

Nebraska's corn crop forecast rose 3 percent over the August forecast, to 1.25
billion bushels. The forecast for soybeans rose 11 percent, to 240 million
bushels, from August to September.

Still, Osborne said, he talked recently with House Speaker Dennis Hastert to
keep the issue of struggling farmers on his radar screen.

"But they've got a lot on their radar screen - homeland security, Iraq," Osborne
said.

Josh Swartzlander, a University of Nebraska-Lincoln student, is an intern for
the Scripps Howard Foundation Wire in Washington, D.C.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Aids Interfaith Network Inc.

                              2707 N Stemmons Fwy
                                    Ste 120
                               Dallas,  TX 75207
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 214-943-4444
URL: http://www.aidsinterfaithnetwork.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/AINDallas
http://www.linkedin.com/company/1511787
http://www.youtube.com/aindallastx
https://plus.google.com/101867694100615822273/
https://twitter.com/ain_dallas

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 15275086

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Aids Interfaith Network Inc. is a company focussed on Vans, Event Planning,
Strategic Planning, Transportation Services, and 4 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Aids Interfaith Network Inc. does business
in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 12 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Aids Interfaith Network Inc. has at least 3
business locations.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81331900
SIC CODES:
83990000
CAGE CODES:
4BMZ3
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Vans


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Event Planning
     ·    Strategic Planning
     ·    Transportation Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Auctions, Backgrounds, Briefs, Buses, Cakes, Chairs, Clothing,
Coffees, Cornerstones, Crystal, Darts, Disks, Drawers, Event Planning,
Furniture, Generators, Hard Disks, Jars, Linkages, Napkins, Paper Towels, Posts,
Salt, Sauces, Seed, Shelters, Soups, Springs, Strategic Planning, Targets,
Towels, Transmissions, Transportation Services, Vans, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 1, 2009 Saturday

USDA to aid dairy farmers

BYLINE: Bill Jackson, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Aug. 1--The U.S. Department of Agriculture, at the urging of several
Congressional members, announced Friday that it was coming to the aid of dairy
farmers who are in the middle of one of the worst crises in decades.

The USDA said it will be increasing the amount paid for dairy products through
the Dairy Product Price Support Program.

Les Hardesty of Greeley, chairman of the Dairy Farmers of America Mountain Area
Council, lauded the move and said he hopes it will lead to a reform in federal
dairy product pricing.

"This is temporary relief for the dairy industry nationwide that is hurting
badly," said Hardesty, who milks 650 cows northwest of Greeley. "It will help
out on the short term and hopefully give us time to work on long-term reform in
pricing within the industry."

The price increase, he said, will remain in effect for the next three months.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said Friday the price increase will provide
immediate relief, helping to keep dairy farmers on the farm while they weather
what he called "one of the worst dairy crises in decades."

The USDA increased the price paid for nonfat dry milk by 12 cents a pound,
cheddar cheese blocks by 18 cents a pound, and price for barrels of cheddar
cheese by 18 cents per pound.

According to Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., the increase in the support price
will have an immediate effect on the dairy farmers' bottom line. Temporarily
raising the price of the products increases the price that dairy farmers receive
for milk.

Hardesty said Vilsack and Congressional members "have been doing what they can
for what's best for dairy farmers and we appreciate that."

"Between falling commodity prices and continued concerns about the economy,
Colorado's dairy producers are feeling the pain," Bennet said in a press
release. He pointed out that agriculture is a vital part of the state's economy,
and "we need to do everything we can to make sure the industry remains strong."

The USDA estimates the move will increase the milk price received by dairy
farmers and should result in the government purchase of an additional 150
million pounds of non-fat dry milk and an additional 75 million pounds of
cheese.

According to Rep. Betsy Markey, D-Colo., the move will increase dairy farmers'
revenue by $243 million.

"This is great news for Colorado dairy farmers," she said in a press release.

The price of milk crashed late last year and dropped to some of the lowest
levels dairy farmers have seen in several years. The drop in price was driven by
several factors, including the world economy and recession. As a result, dairy
farmers have seen an average price of $4.80 per 100 pounds below the U.S.
average cost of production, according to federal officials.

Vilsack has said the department is reviewing dairy policy to determine what
changes are needed to reduce price volatility and enhance farmer profits.

Associated Press contributed to this story.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090801-GY-DAIRY-FARMERS-AID-20090801

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      September 4, 1994 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Farmers reaping millions in aid 'Disaster' program a virtual entitlement

BYLINE: Mark Obmascik, Denver Post Environment Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 986 words


Whether it's hot or cold, wet or dry, icy or dusty or windy, the U.S. Department
of Agriculture still reaches the same conclusion: Every year is a disaster for
Colorado farmers.

Although there were no major floods, tornadoes or swarms of locusts, 52 of
Colorado's 63 counties were determined by the USDA to have suffered natural
disasters in the past three years, federal records show.

That finding allowed 11,198 farms and ranches - nearly half the state total - to
reap a bumper crop of $ 37.9 million in government disaster payments, records
show. Millions more in federal handouts are likely this year because of sparse
rainfall, agriculture officials say.

Farm disaster payments are coming under increased fire in Washington, where the
Clinton administration and congressional leaders have voiced concern over
escalating costs.

In 1986, farm officials say, only two Colorado farm counties received crop
disaster payments. But today, critics say, disaster declarations have become so
routine that they virtually have become another federal entitlement program.

Members of Congress have introduced bills to change the federal farm disaster
program. But Colorado agriculture leaders worry that they could be hurt by
sweeping law changes.

Many farmers are struggling financially, they note, and cutbacks in disaster aid
will leave them with an even tougher row to hoe.

"Is this the most equitable way it can be done? It's the most equitable way
that's been invented," said Colorado Agriculture Commissioner Tom Kourlis. "Farm
income is so marginal in Colorado. Farmers are extremely vulnerable to any
natural disaster."

Kourlis has first-hand experience with federal disaster relief. A Moffat County
sheep and cattle rancher, Kourlis said he got about $ 10,000 in government aid
because of dry weather in 1977, and another $ 10,000 because of dry weather in
1987.

"I don't think I would have gone out of business (without federal compensation).
But it would have made us more vulnerable," Kourlis said.

Farmers and ranchers qualify for federal disaster aid if a "natural disaster"
claims at least 40 percent of their crop or livestock feed supply. But it often
is tricky to measure a 40 percent loss.

When a harvest looks bad, there can be a temptation to ease up on the best
farming techniques, so the crop falls below the 40 percent threshold and thus
qualifies for disaster relief, agriculture officials admit.

No farmer is supposed to increase profits through disaster, said Tom Wingfield
of the Colorado Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service. "The
magnitude of the crop disaster payments hardly accounts for the loss suffered by
farmers." On the Eastern Plains, the most common disaster is a hail storm.

Last year, 375 Yuma County farmers reaped the state's biggest disaster payments,
a total of $ 5.2 million, after hail pelted northeast Colorado. Kit Carson
County farmers got $ 3.1 million last year for hail damage.

"Even in a real good year in eastern Colorado, hail is going to hit somebody,"
Wingfield said.

On the Western Slope, food producers seem most susceptible to dry weather and
frost. A 1991 cold snap in Mesa County yielded $ 942,890 in disaster payments,
mainly to fruit growers in the Grand Valley. A 1990 frost in Delta County
resulted in $ 766,572 in disaster relief, mainly to orchard owners.

Department of Agriculture officials declined to make public the names of farmers
and ranchers who received the biggest disaster payments, saying that is
proprietary information. It also was unclear whether any individual farms or
ranches received payments for more than one disaster.

The most common criticism of the disaster program is that it undermines another
federal program - government crop insurance. Because disaster relief is
dispensed so often, farmers are less likely to purchase disaster protection
policies from the Federal Crop Insurance Corp.

Nationally, only about a third of all eligible farmers purchase crop insurance,
federal officials said. In Colorado, fewer than one in four farmers or ranchers
buys crop insurance, records show.

"What incentive does a person have to pay for insurance if they can get disaster
aid anyway?" asked Ray Christensen of the Colorado Farm Bureau.

Partly because of the low participation rate, the federal crop insurance program
is a money loser that, like the disaster program, requires taxpayer subsidy. As
a result, the USDA has been requiring disaster-aid recipients to buy crop
insurance the following year.

Last year, 6,074 Colorado farmers paid $ 10.9 million for federal crop insurance
coverage. They received $ 13.1 million in payments.

A farmer who buys crop insurance also can receive disaster payments; one
advan-tage in buying crop insurance is that a farmer must suffer only a 35
percent loss to be eligible for disaster payments, federal officials said.
Several bills in Congress would push farmers to rely less on disaster payments
and more on crop insurance.

One bill, approved last month by the House of Representatives, would ban
Congress from enacting sweeping farm disaster payment legislation. It also would
require insurance to be purchased by any farmer receiving government subsidies
to grow surplus crops, such as corn and wheat. A similar reform bill cleared the
Senate Agriculture Committee in June. That bill is awaiting consideration by the
full Senate.

"A beefed-up insurance program is the much better way to go," said Dave Carter
of the Rocky Mountain Farmers Union. "With good, solid insurance, you won't have
Congress dinking around with the program every year."

As it is, Colorado agriculture officials are waiting for Congress to authorize
some kind of farm disaster program for 1994. With Colorado baking under the
second-warm-est August on record and annual precipitation 35 percent below
normal, many farmers with wilted fields are hoping for federal help.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Cost to taxpayers of cropland disasters

TYPE: STATISTICS

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Magnatone Hearing Aid Corp.

                               170 N Cypress Way
                             Casselberry,  FL 32707
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 407-339-2422
URL: http://www.personamedical.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 33431246

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, CE Mark, FDA Approved, Good Manufacturing Process, ISO
13485, ISO 9001
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Magnatone Hearing Aid Corp. is a manufacturer focussed on Custom Instruments,
Hearing Aids, Signals, Volume Controls, Battery Cans, and 7 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Magnatone Hearing Aid Corp. does
business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as
24 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus
Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33451000
SIC CODES:
59990903
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Custom Instruments
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Signals
     ·    Volume Controls
     ·    Battery Cans


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Desiccants
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Amplifiers, Analog-to-Digital Converters, Analyzers, Anvils,
Audiometers, Automobiles, Backgrounds, Bands, Battery Cans, Battery Displays,
Beads, Benches, Biologicals, Bowls, Brochures, Buttons, Buzzers, Cassettes,
Channels, Chemicals, Compressors, Cord, Cosmetics, Cotton, Couplers, Crystal,
Custom Instruments, Custom Molds, Desiccants, Door Locks, Drums, Drying Agents,
DVD Players, Earphones, Earplugs, Electrodes, Electronic Components, Elements,
Faceplates, Fiber, Filters, Flashing, Flashing Lights, Flats, Funnels, Games,
Globes, Guards, Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Hoods,
Horns, Induction Coils, Instrument Tubing, Laptop Computers, Lasers, Lawn
Mowers, Lighting, Lights, Measures, Mechanisms, Medical Devices, Microphones,
Microwave, Molds, Mowers, Organs, Oscillators, Overalls, Packaging, Pass
Throughs, Pins, Potentiometers, Profiles, Protective Covers, Putty, Radios,
Receivers, Refrigerators, Remote Controls, Retainers, Ribbon Cables, Rims,
Rings, Scales, Scanners, Seats, Sheets, Signals, Silicone, Silicones,
Simulators, Small Tools, Sockets, Solid Plugs, Solutions, Speakers, Spinning,
Stethoscopes, Stuffed Animals, T Handles, Tables, Targets, Telephone Coils,
Telephones, Tires, Toggles, Transitions, Transmissions, Transmitters, Trimmers,
Vibrators, Volume Controls, Wire

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                 National Safety Council, Greater Omaha Chapter

                                  11620 M Cir
                                Omaha,  NE 68137
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 402-896-0454
URL: http://www.safenebraska.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/NSCNEB
http://www.linkedin.com/company/national-safety-council---greater-omaha-chapter
http://www.youtube.com/user/NSCNebraska
https://plus.google.com/106474504265509573849
https://twitter.com/safenebraska
https://www.youtube.com/user/NSCNebraska

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 6624695

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
National Safety Council, Greater Omaha Chapter is a manufacturer, and supplier,
and focussed on Asphalt Cement, Cement, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Tourniquets,
and 14 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. National
Safety Council, Greater Omaha Chapter does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 24 other major Manufacturing
Industries. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "New Lower
Pricing for 2014. The National Safety Council, Nebraska provides Motorcycle
Safety Training Courses in Omaha"
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Civic and Social Organizations

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81341000
SIC CODES:
86419902
CAGE CODES:
0RDK5
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Asphalt Cement
     ·    Cement
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Asphalt Cement
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Tourniquets


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Handguns
     ·    Hazardous Materials
     ·    Motorcycles
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    Scooters
     ·    Simulators
     ·    Wheel Drives
     ·    Wheel Drives


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals
     ·    Safety Training Programs


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Sulfide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    Sulfides


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alcohol, Analgesics, Antibiotics, Asphalt Cement, Asphalt
Plants, Automobiles, Bands, Banking, Banners, Belts, Bicycles, Billboards,
Binders, Blisters, Boosters, Brakes, Briefs, Brochures, Brushes, Buckles, Buses,
Buttons, Cabs, Calendars, Cement, Chairs, Chemicals, Chests, Cloth, Clothing,
Cord, Coupons, Credit Cards, Cushions, Darts, Decals, Defibrillators, Dials,
Diapers, Elements, Feeds, Fire Safety, Fire Training Facilities, First Aid,
First Aid Kits, Flags, Forklifts, Forks, Games, Gears, Gels, Generators, Gift
Cards, Governors, Gravel, Guides, Guns, Handguns, Handlebars, Hazardous
Materials, Helmets, Hoists, Hones, Horns, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Sulfide, Ice,
Jeans, Lamps, License Plates, Lifts, Lights, Lockouts, Lumber, Machinery, Masks,
Materials Handling, Measures, Motorcycle Controls, Motorcycles, Mountings,
Mufflers, Odometers, Ointments, Organizers, OSHA Training, Overalls, Panels,
Pillows, Posters, Posts, Prescription Drugs, Promotional, Quick Links, Radios,
Railroads, Rails, Ramps, Registers, Rentals, Restraints, Sacks, Saddles, Safety
Awards, Safety Belts, Safety Products, Safety Training Programs, Scooters,
Scopes, Seat Belts, Seating, Seats, Signal Lights, Signals, Simulators, Soap,
Solutions, Speakers, Springs, Steering Wheels, Stickers, Suits, Sulfides,
Tables, Tags, Tailgates, Taillights, Telephones, Tires, Tourniquets, Towers,
Tractors, Trophies, Vans, Wheel Drives

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 26, 1993

Flood Has Impact on Value of Farmland

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 650 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With an estimated eight million acres of Midwestern farmland underwater at some
time, lenders and agricultural experts are beginning to wonder what impact the
flood of 1993 will have on the value of the farmland and on the ability of
borrowers to repay loans.

The Secretary of Agriculture estimated that eight million acres of farmland were
underwent last week and an additional 12 million acres are "affected" by the
flooding in the Midwest, bringing the total area possibly damaged to 20 million
acres.

The Federal Crop Insurance Corp. estimated that it would face an indemnity of $
721 million in the eight states most affected by flooding.  If all farms with
Federal Crop Insurance in those states had a total loss, the liability would be
about $ 5 billion.

Only about 35% of farmers in those states are covered by Federal crop insurance.

Nobody knows at this point what the total crop losses will be or how much impact
they will have on agricultural lenders.

Lenders will likely see the impact in the Fall, when many agricultural loans
come due.

Clinton has pledged $ 2.5 billion in aide to the midwest, but already there is
controversy about the government's proposed aid package.  An early version would
compensate farmers $ .21 for each dollar of crop damage, a figure that was
criticized by midwestern political leaders as inadequate.

Gov. Tommy Thompson, R., Wis., said a proposal to provide farmers with emergency
loans would not help farmers who are already saddled with debt.

"Another loan to Wisconsin farmers is the same as telling them there is no aid
at all," he told reporters.

Sen. Patrick Leahy, D., Vt., chairman of the Senate agriculture committee, said
Congress will provide aid but must do so in a "fiscally responsible" way.

"This emergency bill will mark the sixth time in the last six years that bad
weather has moved Congress to adopt an agricultural emergency relief bill," he
said.

From 1980 to 1990, Congress spent almost $ 9 billion on emergency relief, half
of it for the 1988 drought.

That total does not include emergency loans and other regular programs, Sen.
Leahy said.

Sen. Leahy questioned the practice of farming some low-lying land that is
frequently vulnerable to flooding.  Particularly vulnerable land should be
enrolled in the Wetland Reserve Program, he said.

"There are tens of thousands of acres in the Mississippi valley that are often
flooded.  When these fields are flooded, low-interest farm loans are often
forgiven under one program, crop insurance payments are paid from a second
program, and field renovation is subsidized under a third program," he said.

Jon Foley, head of Lawson Bank in Lawson, Mo., said the agricultural damage
appears to be of devastating proportions.  His county alone has an estimated
57,000 to 60,000 acres of damaged crop land, he said.

"A lot of our river-bottom farmers have lost everything.  Losses have been
tremendous in our area."

He said it is too early to assess all the damage.  River-bottom farmers may have
sand deposits to deal with, while farmers uphill have lost soil to erosion.

Mr. Foley said bankers hope the Farmers Home Administration will provide
emergency help so that farmers can obtain the credit they need to stay in
business and deal with the losses.

Most of the farmers in the river valley do not have flood insurance, he said.

Sam Callahan, president of Iowa Bankers Mortgage Corp. in Des Moines, Iowa, said
it was too early to know the extent of the damage, but he said he did not
anticipate major delinquency problems for most of the agricultural borrowers in
their portfolio.

Last week, he said the office was operating for four hours a day with 50% staff,
no running water and limited electricity.

They had not received calls from borrowers affected by the flooding yet.

"I suspect those people who are impacted have not had a chance to call yet," he
said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Innovation Line

                               5306 Beethoven St
                             Los Angeles,  CA 90066
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 310-390-5793
URL: http://www.innovation-line.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9994465

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ASTM
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Innovation Line is a supplier focussed on Backpacks, Badges, Carabiners, Cloth,
Containers, and 22 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
Innovation Line does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Biomedical
Industries, as well as 26 other major Manufacturing Industries. The company
describes itself via it's website thusly: "One of the most trusted suppliers of
Promotional Products located in Culver City, California, USA. You are assured of
low prices with high standards always and the widest range of promotional
branded products"
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; All Other Business Support Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
56149900
SIC CODES:
73899964
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Backpacks
     ·    Badges
     ·    Carabiners
     ·    Cloth
     ·    Containers
     ·    Desks
     ·    Drinkware
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Grocery Bags
     ·    Lasers
     ·    Promotional
     ·    Screen Printing
     ·    Sunscreens
     ·    Warning Labels
     ·    Badges
     ·    Drawstring Pouches
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Plastic Clips
     ·    Spring Clips
     ·    Vinyl Pouches


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Engraving
     ·    Etching
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Cadmium
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Plastic Materials
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Antibiotics, Backgrounds, Backpacks, Badge Holders,
Badges, Bands, Baseballs, Basketballs, Bearings, Billboards, Bracelets, Bulbs,
Business Cards, Cadmium, Calculators, Camera Lenses, Can Handles, Car
Accessories, Carabiners, Cardboard, Charcoal, Charms, Chemicals, Clipboards,
Closeouts, Cloth, Coffees, Consumer Products, Containers, Cord, Cosmetics,
Credit Cards, Cushions, Desks, Domes, Drawstring Pouches, Drinkware, Elements,
Engraving, Etching, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flags, Flashlights,
Flats, Folders, Footballs, Gels, Generators, Giveaways, Glass, Golf Balls, Golf
Clubs, Grocery Bags, Headsets, Heat Transfers, Jacks, Jerseys, Keychains,
Lasers, LED Lights, Lenses, Lighters, Lighting, Lights, Lime, Measures, Medical
Devices, Metal Grommets, Moist Towelettes, Nets, Notebooks, Office Desks,
Packaging, Panels, Pedometers, Pens, Pianos, Pictures, Plastic Clips, Plastic
Materials, Plastic Screws, Plastics, Polyester, Polyester Bags, Polyester
Fabrics, Polypropylene, Posts, Promotional, PVC, Recycled Paper, Registers,
Rings, Rounds, Rubber, Scales, Screen Printing, Screwdrivers, Sheets, Silicone,
Silicones, Sleeves, Speakers, Split Rings, Spray Bottles, Sprays, Spring Clips,
Springs, Squeeze Bottles, Stainless Steel, Starters, Steel, Sublimation,
Substrates, Suits, Sunscreens, Table Tops, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Targets, Tees,
Thermometers, Tool Kits, Torches, Tote Bags, Towelettes, Towels, Trim, Vinyl
Pouches, Wall Clocks, Warning Labels, Workstations, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 22, 1993 Thursday

LENGTH: 920 words


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) Ä Willie Nelson presents Farm Aid VI on Saturday, a
marathon concert that has as much to do with raising awareness about rural
America as it does with raising money to help family farmers. While the farm
economy no longer is on its knees, as it was in 1985 when Farm Aid was born, an
estimated one in 10 farmers remain overwhelmed by debt and times are getting
tougher for many others. Some economists believe the farm recovery peaked in
1989, after just three years. ""Agriculture is just the bottom rung on the
economic ladder,'' Nelson says.

""Once the farmers go under, then everyone over them starts.'' It is the
entertainment that draws the crowd and provides a forum for that message. Dozens
of performers are scheduled to join Nelson, including Johnny Cash, Merle
Haggard, Waylon Jennings, Kris Kristofferson, Neil Young, John Mellencamp, Ricky
Van Shelton and Dwight Yoakam. Hosts include Roseanne and Tom Arnold, Yakov
Smirnoff, Lou Diamond Phillips and Williams & Ree. The concert begins at noon
CDT and runs until 11 p.m. at the 50,000-seat Cyclone Stadium of Iowa State
University in the central Iowa community of Ames. The Nashville Network will
televise the concert to cable viewers, joining the program at 3 p.m. Because the
concert coincides with the Drake Relays track meet in nearby Des Moines and the
annual spring student celebration at Iowa State, hotel rooms throughout central
Iowa have been booked for weeks. But plenty of Farm Aid tickets still are
available. Promoters say they're happy with the response, but as they headed
into the final week of sales, Iowa State said more than a third of the tickets
had yet to be sold. Ticket sales were picking up, however, according to Andy
Long at the Iowa State Center. Reserved seats remain for sale at $27.50 each,
although the 2,000 choice preferred seats, at $46 each, quickly sold out. Even
before the entertainment begins, concert organizers have found ways to get out
their message that family farmers are vital to the stability of rural America.
On the eve of the concert, a House agriculture subcommittee meets in Ames at
Nelson's invitation to take testimony on how the U.S. Department of Agriculture
can become more responsive to the needs of family farmers. On concert day, fans
are being urged to deposit nonperishable food at the gate for the hunger relief
organization Feed the Children. Even groups that have yet to share in the nearly
$11.2 million distributed in the past seven years by Farm Aid applaud the way
the concerts help focus attention on rural issues. ""I think the proportion of
farmers in a crisis situation is less today than in 1985, but it's still a
problem. The more public awareness of this the better,'' says Don Ralston,
administrative director of the Center for Rural Affairs in Walthill, Neb. In the
1980s, only generous federal payments kept many farmers on the land, and most of
those who survived now rely on off-farm employment to make ends meet. Off-farm
income represented more than 85 percent of a farm household's total income in
1991, the government says.The struggles in the 1980s also were marked by an
exodus of one of every four U.S. farm residents. That followed a similar flight
from the farm in the 1970s, according to Census Bureau estimates. Nelson says
Farm Aid will be needed as long as the United States keeps losing farmers.
Advocates for black farmers, whose ranks are shrinking at an even faster rate,
call Farm Aid a ""lifeblood'' of their organization. ""Without them it would
have been impossible Ä not only for us but for others Ä to provide support,''
says Ralph Paige, executive director of the Atlanta-based Federation of Southern
Cooperatives and Land Assistance Fund. The network of 75 cooperatives throughout
the Southeast provides technical assistance, financing and counseling to family
farmers, concentrating on minority groups. ""All 2 million farmers are in
trouble, but the plight of the minority farmer is twice or three times as bad,''
Paige says. Farm Aid last year provided $75,000 of the federation's $600,000
budget. It also has bought eyeglasses for two elementary school girls in south
central Iowa, helped support the Oklahoma Ag-Link Farm Crisis Hotline, stocked
emergency food pantries across rural America and financed legal services and
rural rights organizations. In all, Farm Aid has provided $10.7 million to
farmer and rural organizations since 1987. It has paid almost $500,000 more for
educational and advisory services, such as a mailing advising more than 80,000
farmers of their rights in foreclosure proceedings. The organization reports
raising almost $14.2 million since 1985 through concerts, television programs
and contributions. It has spent about 17 percent, or about $2.3 million on
management and fund-raising. Most of the remaining $682,000 is in a special
scholarship account created by the Des Moines-based Younkers chain of Midwest
department stores. But since its founding, it has never equaled the financial
support of its first year, when Farm Aid I brought in about $7 million. Nelson
says his group has not been getting many new donors and that the same people
have been giving year-in, year-out. ""Once you get so far away from the farm and
you're in Detroit or you're somewhere in New York City and you have your own
problems you're not aware of the farmers problems,'' he says. Neil Harl, an
economist at Iowa State University, says Farm Aid serves as an important
reminder of farm strife past and yet to come.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2009 Monday

USDA to provide temporary aid to dairy farmers

BYLINE: Bill Jackson, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Aug. 3--The U.S. Department of Agriculture, at the urging of several
Congressional members, announced Friday that it was coming to the aid of dairy
farmers who are in the middle of one of the worst crises in decades.

The USDA said it will be increasing the amount paid for dairy products through
the Dairy Product Price Support Program.

Les Hardesty of Greeley, chairman of the Dairy Farmers of America Mountain Area
Council, lauded the move and said he hopes it will lead to a reform in federal
dairy product pricing.

"This is temporary relief for the dairy industry nationwide that is hurting
badly," said Hardesty, who milks 650 cows northwest of Greeley. "It will help
out on the short term and hopefully give us time to work on long-term reform in
pricing within the industry."

The price increase, he said, will remain in effect for the next three months.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said Friday the price increase will provide
immediate relief, helping to keep dairy farmers on the farm while they weather
what he called "one of the worst dairy crises in decades."

The USDA increased the price paid for nonfat dry milk by 12 cents a pound,
cheddar cheese blocks by 18 cents a pound, and price for barrels of cheddar
cheese by 18 cents per pound.

According to Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., the increase in the support price
will have an immediate effect on the dairy farmers' bottom line. Temporarily
raising the price of the products increases the price that dairy farmers receive
for milk.

Hardesty said Vilsack and Congressional members "have been doing what they can
for what's best for dairy farmers and we appreciate that."

"Between falling commodity prices and continued concerns about the economy,
Colorado's dairy producers are feeling the pain," Bennet said in a press
release. He pointed out that agriculture is a vital part of the state's economy,
and "we need to do everything we can to make sure the industry remains strong."

The USDA estimates the move will increase the milk price received by dairy
farmers and should result in the government purchase of an additional 150
million pounds of non-fat dry milk and an additional 75 million pounds of
cheese.

According to Rep. Betsy Markey, D-Colo., the move will increase dairy farmers'
revenue by $243 million.

"This is great news for Colorado dairy farmers," she said in a press release.

The price of milk crashed late last year and dropped to some of the lowest
levels dairy farmers have seen in several years. The drop in price was driven by
several factors, including the world economy and recession. As a result, dairy
farmers have seen an average price of $4.80 per 100 pounds below the U.S.
average cost of production, according to federal officials.

Vilsack has said the department is reviewing dairy policy to determine what
changes are needed to reduce price volatility and enhance farmer profits.

Associated Press contributed to this story.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090803-GY-DAIRY-FARMERS-AID-20090803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

Senate May Nix House Aid Package;
Rural Lawmakers Push for Drought Relief Deal

BYLINE: Meredith Shiner

LENGTH: 852 words



Lawmakers, especially from rural districts and states, don't want to go home
empty-handed to their drought-plagued constituents at week's end without making
some effort to approve agriculture disaster aid.

But as of Wednesday, they were on track to do just that, given that Senate
Democrats are reluctant to pass the pending $383 million House disaster bill
that still needs to garner a two-thirds vote today to even be sent to the
Senate. And if Congress fails to send any sort of legislation to the president's
desk, with about 80 percent of the country suffering from an historic drought,
then it will be a blame-game free-for-all when Members return home for the
month.

"In the aggregate, yes, we'll get beat to death going home without having done
something, but most of these guys on this floor don't represent rural districts,
and they're not going to face anybody affected by this," said Rep. Mike Conaway
(R-Texas), a member of the Agriculture Committee.

Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), who met with Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack at the Capitol on Wednesday, has said he will consider a stand-alone
drought relief package only if it is exactly like the provisions included in the
bipartisan farm bill the Senate approved in June.

The House proposal, however, only addresses livestock disaster and tree
assistance programs - two of the most pressing issues in current drought
conditions. The Senate's five-year extension - which was supported by 16 GOP
Senators - is broader and includes measures to help fruit growers affected by
frost and freezes, sweeping improvements to crop insurance and permanent funding
for livestock disaster programs.

The House plan would offset the increased spending by cutting conservation
programs dear to Democrats. A litany of farm groups and some Democrats released
a joint statement Wednesday against the bill, while expressing support for both
emergency aid to farmers and a long-term bill.

"If the House simply passed the five-year farm bill reported out of Committee on
a bipartisan basis, this bill would not be necessary. While we understand that
will not happen before the August recess, this bill potentially costs more than
$600 million and would only provide relief to livestock producers a month or two
earlier than a farm bill debated and passed in September," wrote the groups,
including the American Farm Bureau Federation and 12 other prominent
organizations. "Agriculture will already provide a minimum of $23 billion in
deficit reduction by passing the farm bill. We do not need to provide additional
deficit reduction in this package only a few months before we provide far more
than agriculture's 'fair share.'"

The other groups included the American Soybean Association, National Association
of Wheat Growers, National Barley Growers Association, National Corn Growers
Association, National Farmers Union, National Milk Producers Federation,
National Sunflower Association, United Fresh Produce Association, U.S. Canola
Association, USA Dry Pea & Lentil Council and Western Growers.

Late Wednesday, the Senate showed no sign of flinching, and it was not clear
that House GOP leaders would have the votes to approve their own measure, which
faces a two-thirds threshold for passage. If the House were to change the offset
structure of the bill, however, they could put increased pressure on the Senate
to take up their bill.

Though a rarity during the past year and a half, recent Congresses have approved
emergency aid bills without offsets, and House Republicans earlier this year
agreed to an extension of the payroll tax cut that was not paid for.

To make matters more complicated, because the current drought is persistent, the
costs of aid continues to increase every day, and according to sources, has
increased even since the Senate passed its bill.

There are significant political points to be scored, particularly in close races
across the Midwest, on the farm assistance issue.

Senate leaders have long felt as if they had the upper hand in the negotiations
with the House on the bill, considering that the House gave up on trying to
approve a one-year extension.

House sources gave no indication they intend to pass a clean aid bill without
the controversial offsets, but if they were to do so, Democrats still may not go
along for fear of losing leverage on the longer-term bill. The five-year
extension likely will face opposition from House conservatives, especially
without the drought aid sweetener.

When asked whether passing the disaster aid bill would make it more difficult to
convince his conservative colleagues to back a long-term farm bill, Conaway
demurred.

"Well, that kind of second-guessing doesn't do us any good. We're going to pass
it tomorrow, if it doesn't get the two-third votes, then we'll see," said the
Texas Republican, who helped approve a five-year bill out of committee.

"But we've got to pass a five-year bill, we've got to find 218 votes whether
they're conservatives, liberals, or whatever in the House and that's not easy
under any circumstances," Conaway said.

Daniel Newhauser contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Roll Call, Inc.


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                           Kensington Fire Station 21

                               217 Arlington Ave
                             Kensington,  CA 94707
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 510-527-8395
URL: http://www.kensingtonfire.org/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 7404826

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Kensington Fire Station 21 is a company focussed on Calendars, First Aid, First
Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Landscaping, and 5 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Kensington Fire Station 21 does business in
the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 28 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Kensington Fire Station 21 has at least 3
business locations.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
56199000
SIC CODES:
73899920
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Calendars
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Landscaping


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Glass
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Insulin
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    Resins


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Activated Charcoal, Adhesive Tapes, Agendas, Alarm Systems,
Aluminum Foil, Ambulances, Angles, Antacids, Antiseptics, Apparel, Appliances,
Architects, Arrestors, Aspirin, Automobiles, Backgrounds, Backpacks, Balloons,
Bands, Bells, Bleaches, Boots, Brochures, Brooms, Brushes, Calendars, Can
Openers, Candy, Canisters, Canopies, Capes, Ceramics, Charcoal, Chemicals,
Chimneys, Chlorine, Clothing, Coffees, Compasses, Contact Lenses, Containers,
Control Centers, Controlled Substances, Cookies, Cooking Pots, Cotton, Crackers,
Credit Cards, Decks, Defibrillators, Dentures, Detergents, Dials, Diapers,
Disinfectants, Dust Masks, Electricity, Elements, Emergency Equipment, Emergency
Kits, Emergency Telephones, Erosion Controls, Feet, Fences, Fire Alarm Systems,
Fire Alarms, Fire Extinguishers, Fire Hydrants, Fire Plugs, Fire Safety, Fire
Sprinklers, Fire Suppression Systems, Fire Training Facilities, First Aid, First
Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flags, Flares, Flashlights, Flats, Footwear,
Fountains, Furniture, Games, Gears, Glass, Glass Bottles, Goggles, Grasses,
Gravel, Groundwater, Gum, Gutters, Hats, Hazardous Materials, Hoods, Ice,
Indium, Insulin, Integrated Circuits, Jackets, Jeans, Jerseys, Landscape
Architects, Landscaping, Latex Gloves, Lenses, Lighters, Lighting, Lights,
Litters, Lubricants, Mannequins, Masks, Measures, Mess Kits, Metal Containers,
Mulch, Office Furniture, Oven Mitts, Ovens, Overalls, Pants, Paper Cups, Paper
Towels, Pencils, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Pins, Plastic Bags,
Plastic Buckets, Plastic Containers, Plastics, Pliers, Posts, Prescription
Drugs, Pressure Regulators, Puzzles, Radios, Rags, Refrigerators, Registers,
Resins, Robotics, Roofing, Roofing Materials, Safety Pins, Salt, Seats,
Sheeting, Sheets, Shelters, Shirts, Shoes, Shredders, Signals, Sinks, Sirens,
Sleeves, Smoke Detectors, Soap, Solutions, Soups, Spark Arresters, Springs,
Sprinklers, Storage Containers, Sunscreens, Targets, Tea Bags, Teas, Telephones,
Tents, Thermometers, Thread, Toilet Paper, Toilets, Towelettes, Towels, Towers,
Transitions, Traps, Trim, Trimmings, Tubs, Underwear, Utility Knives, Waste
Containers, Wool, Wool Blankets

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: January 22,
2015

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: January 11,
2015

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: January 07,
2015

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: December 30,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: December 18,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: December 15,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 14, 2014 Sunday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: December 14,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: December 11,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: December 02,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: December 02,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: November 26,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 23, 2014 Sunday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: November 23,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: November 20,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: November 15,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: November 07,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: November 07,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: November 07,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 304  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: October 27,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 25, 1992, Thursday, City Edition

AIDS patient refused dental treatment

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; STATE DIGEST; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 448 words

DATELINE: KISSIMMEE; MIAMI



An AIDS patient who was refused treatment by a dentist is suing for damages and
asking a judge to forbid the dentist from discriminating against others infected
with the AIDS virus. The attorney for the 40-year-old man, identified in court
papers only as James B., says the discrimination lawsuit may be the first in
Florida and joins a handful of similar cases nationwide. James B., an Orlando
native living in Lakeland, has a full-blown case of acquired immune deficiency
syndrome, according to the lawsuit. He was treated by Dr. Irwin Bergman at least
15 times between July 1986 and December 1990 for a variety of dental problems.
On Dec. 3, 1990, the patient was waiting to have a cavity filled and told
Bergman he was infected with the virus. Bergman refused to treat him and
referred him to a Gainesville dentist, court papers show.  Bergman recently
closed his practice in Lakeland and could not be reached for comment.
 Sugar growers to get 'Glades documents
 MIAMI Sugar cane farmers, who have been ordered to pay for much of the
Everglades cleanup plan, hope state documents made available Wednesday will show
a lack of scientific evidence to support the plan. After numerous court battles,
the state Department of Environmental Regulation and the South Florida Water
Management District agreed Wednesday to make documents available to the Florida
Sugar Cane League. Those documents involve negotiations between the U.S.
Department of Justice and the two state agencies on an Everglades lawsuit
settlement. The lawsuit was filed by the federal government against the state in
1988 for failing to protect the Everglades from farm runoff, much of it from
sugar growers. The league thinks the DER and the district were trying to hide
the documents because they show no scientific evidence to support the Everglades
settlement.
 Inmate denied request to donate organs
 MIAMI A convicted murderer volunteering for execution so he can donate his
organs for transplants should take his plea to the state Legislature instead of
court, a judge said Wednesday. Daniel Faries, who is serving a 37-year sentence
and facing trial in a jail house credit-card scam that was featured on 60
Minutes, wants non-toxic lethal injection. But Circuit Judge Alan Postman
rejected the motion for lack of jurisdiction and recommended that attorney Ellis
Rubin pursue changes with the Legislature. Florida currently bars organ
donations by all state prisoners because those who die in custody are subject to
autopsies. Rubin said he would take the judge's advice. The attorney also has
suggested giving prisoners time off their sentences for donations of extra
organs, such as kidneys.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Accurate Hearing Systems LLC

                                 510 W Tudor Rd
                                     Ste 3
                              Anchorage,  AK 99503
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 907-644-6004
URL: http://www.accuratehearingsystems.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Accurate-Hearing-Systems-LLC/281078111681

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 8051045

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Accurate Hearing Systems LLC is a company focussed on Feet, Hearing Aids, Shoes,
Hearing Aid Batteries, Lithium Ion Batteries, and 6 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Accurate Hearing Systems LLC does business
in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Architecture Industries, as well as 26 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Accurate Hearing Systems LLC has at least 2
business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "We
offer free hearing testing, hearing aids that fits individual needs, provide a
complete range of repair services, plus batteries and other accessories."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
44619900
SIC CODES:
59990903
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Feet
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Shoes
     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries
     ·    Lithium Ion Batteries


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Repair Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetaminophen, Alarm Clocks, Alcohol, Angles, Appliances,
Aspirin, Backgrounds, Bands, Barrels, Beds, Blenders, Blisters, Booms, Boots,
Briefs, Canisters, Chairs, Channels, Charcoal, Cleaners, Clear Plastic Tubes,
Clothing, Coffees, Color Monitors, Compounds, Consumer Electronics, Cookies,
Coping, Cord, Cosmetics, Cotton, Cotton Swabs, Cut Nails, Deodorizers, Digital
Instruments, Dishwashers, Drums, Earplugs, Elastic Bands, Eliminators, Feet,
Fiber, Filters, Firearms, Footwear, Headsets, Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing
Aids, Hearing Protection, Helmets, Hot Water Bottles, Jet Engines, Jets,
Lighting, Lights, Lithium Ion Batteries, Lubricants, Mannequins, Measures,
Microphones, Mini Computers, Molds, Motorcycle Helmets, Motorcycles, Nets, Noise
Control, Overalls, Padding, Pictures, Plastics, Pneumatic Drills, Polyester,
Posts, Power Supplies, Precision Instruments, Radios, Receivers, Remote
Controls, Repair Services, Rounds, Rubber, Seating, Shoes, Signals, Silicone,
Silicones, Sirens, Skeletons, Snowmobiles, Socks, Solutions, Spas, Speakers,
Special Fittings, Stethoscopes, Suits, Swabs, Tags, Targets, Telephones, Testing
Equipment, Towelettes, Tractors, Trim, Trimmings, Vacuum Cleaner, Vacuum
Cleaners, Vessels, Video Cameras, Volume Controls, Warning Signs, Washcloths,
Wedges, Wheelchairs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Farmers eligible for drought aid

BYLINE: Reed Fujii, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


Feb. 10--Declaring 55 of California's 58 counties drought disaster areas,
federal farm officials have effectively opened relief programs to farmers and
ranchers throughout the state, as well as adjoining areas of Oregon, Nevada and
Arizona.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture declaration last week makes qualified
producers eligible for low interest emergency loans from the U.S. Farm Service
Agency. Producers have eight months to apply for such loans to help cover part
of their losses.

There are other programs from the FSA as well, including the Livestock Forage
Disaster Program, which helps offset the higher cost of feed when drought
deprives ranchers of their usual supply of natural forage.

Justin Oldfield, government relations vice president of the California
Cattlemen's Association, said all those programs can help ranchers affected by
the drought.

The biggest concern currently, however, is how much rain will the state receive
this year, he said.

California's cattle industry has seen its livestock count drop by an estimated
20 to 25 percent over the past few years because of the drought's impact on
pasture and forage.

"Is this the year we come out of drought and add more cows back to the cow
herd?" Oldfield asked.

With a wet December followed by a record dry January, the remaining weeks of the
rainy season will be key to answering that question, he said.

For information on emergency loans and other USDA programs, farmers may contact
their local USDA Service Center at 3422 W. Hammer Lane, Suite A, Stockton, or
telephone the office at (209) 472-7127. Help is also available online at
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

-- Contact reporter Reed Fujii at (209) 546-8253 or rfujii@recordnet.com Follow
him on Twitter @ReedBiznews.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150210-SK-Farmers-eligible-for-drought-aid-0210-20150210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                      International Aid Services - America

                              60 W Terra Cotta Ave
                                    Ste 169
                            Crystal Lake,  IL 60014
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 468-891-731
URL: http://www.ias-intl.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/Baraetthal
http://www.facebook.com/daniel.zetterlund.9
http://www.facebook.com/ias.sverige
http://www.facebook.com/pages/International-Aid-Services-IAS/173209342702748
http://www.linkedin.com/company/international-aid-services-ias-
https://plus.google.com/116193870536453242175
https://plus.google.com/u/0/116193870536453242175/
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/116193870536453242175/116193870536453242175/about
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/116193870536453242175/116193870536453242175/posts
https://twitter.com/ias_intl
https://www.linkedin.com/company/international-aid-services-ias-

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 4026369

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
International Aid Services - America is a distributor, and supplier, and
focussed on Targets, and 1 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. International Aid Services - America does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 25 other major Manufacturing
Industries. International Aid Services - America has at least 2 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Organizations

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
CAGE CODES:
6DFY3
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Targets


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Indium


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Alcohol, Backgrounds, Barns, Basketballs, Beds,
Biscuits, Briefs, Buses, Catalysts, Chairs, Channels, Cloth, Compounds,
Containers, Coping, Cornerstones, Crystal, Curbs, Desks, Dresses, Electricity,
Feeds, Felt, Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flywheels, Footballs, Forming,
Games, Generators, Grasses, Guides, Hand Pumps, Horns, Indium, Intakes,
Invitations, Levers, Lights, Measures, Mechanisms, Nets, Overalls, Pencils,
Pictures, Platforms, Posts, Primers, Printers, Profiles, Rammers, Registers,
Rounds, Safety Nets, Sand Filters, Scales, Seed, Shelters, Slippers, Snacks,
Soap, Solutions, Spheres, Springs, Stoppers, Tags, Targets, Tents, Thread,
Toilets, Tool Kits, Training Workshops, Vests, Vises, Volleyballs, Water Filters

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: October 17,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: October 08,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0013          Posted on:  September 23, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0013 (2000001678)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Februrary 20, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 26, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 26, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b1d8ec49a3a78e1418602ff689884605&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0016          Posted on:  September 12, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0016 (2000001701)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after March 6, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 13, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 13, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18ca52ad4dc3107648e6b335f8322b47&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0013          Posted on:  August 21, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0013 (2000001678)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Februrary 20, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 26, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 26, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b1d8ec49a3a78e1418602ff689884605&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0016          Posted on:  August 15, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0016 (2000001701)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after March 6, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 13, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 13, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18ca52ad4dc3107648e6b335f8322b47&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0016          Posted on:  August 15, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0016 (2000001701)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after March 6, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 13, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 13, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18ca52ad4dc3107648e6b335f8322b47&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: July 30, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: July 29, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: July 17, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: July 14, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 323  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0016          Posted on:  July 10, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0016 (2000001701)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after March 6, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 13, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 13, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18ca52ad4dc3107648e6b335f8322b47&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 30, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0013          Posted on:  June 30, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0013 (2000001678)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Februrary 20, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 26, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 26, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b1d8ec49a3a78e1418602ff689884605&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: June 25, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2014 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 323  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0016          Posted on:  June 06, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0016 (2000001701)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after March 6, 2013, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 13, 2013.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 13, 2013 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=18ca52ad4dc3107648e6b335f8322b47&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: May 13, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2013, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2013.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2013 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 9, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0013          Posted on:  May 09, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0013 (2000001678)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Februrary 20, 2013, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 26, 2013.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 26, 2013 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b1d8ec49a3a78e1418602ff689884605&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 322  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INFG-S-14-0019    Posted on: May 05, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-14-0019 (2000002331)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February 6, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near May 05, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 10, 2014 2:00 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=c8973b267eeb303645bf4415903c8232&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 323  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-14-0020    Posted on: May 05, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-14-0020 (2000002337) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February 7, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 12, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 12, 2014 2:00 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b7f2b9f40be46a4ad618e770d3b07de9&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0013          Posted on:  February 25, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0013 (2000001678)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Februrary 20, 2013, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 26, 2013.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 26, 2013 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=b1d8ec49a3a78e1418602ff689884605&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: February 18,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2013, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2013.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2013 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-14-0020    Posted on: February 10, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-14-0020 (2000002337) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February 7, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 12, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Feb 12, 2014 2:00 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=b7f2b9f40be46a4ad618e770d3b
07de9&tab=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other
content needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0010                      Posted on: January 16,
2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-13-0010 (2000001605) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 16, 2013, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 23, 2013.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jan 23, 2013 2:15 pm Central

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=07470146905a03b615a12804176883c5&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 22, 2007 Monday

Drought aid brings much-needed good news to Va. farmers

BYLINE: Charles Owens, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


Oct. 22--TAZEWELL, Va. -- Help could soon be on the way for Southwest Virginia
farmers impacted by the prolonged drought conditions.

Gov. Timothy M. Kaine announced last week that the Acting U.S. Secretary of
Agriculture has designated 78 additional Virginia counties and 34 independent
cities as primary natural disaster areas due to reductions in farm production
caused by drought and high temperatures that occurred from January 1, 2007, and
continuing.

The state had previously designated only 15 counties as primary natural disaster
areas. With the additional designation, Kaine said all Virginia counties are now
covered with the exception of Arlington and York.

The disaster designations make farmers eligible for low-interest loans and any
supplemental relief that may be provided by Congress.

Bill Rasnick, chairman of the Tazewell County Board of Supervisors, said the
declaration is good news for local farmers.

"I'm really pleased because as you know we have already declared the county as
such and passed a local resolution and sent it along, and encouraged our
governor to approve it," Rasnick said. "Our farmers and people really need it."

Because agriculture across the Commonwealth has been impacted by the drought,
Kaine and the Commissioner of the Virginia Department of Agriculture and
Consumer Services Todd P. Haymore had requested a statewide primary natural
disaster designation.

"Because of the statewide disaster designation, farmers with qualifying crop
losses across Virginia are now eligible to apply for low-interest loans that can
help provide critical assistance," Kaine said in a press release.

Disaster declarations make farm operators in both primary and contiguous areas
eligible to be considered for low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service
Agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, provided they meet certain
eligibility requirements, the governor's release said.

Kaine said the FSA will consider each application on its own merits by taking
into account the extent of the losses, security available, and repayment
ability. Local FSA offices can provide affected farmers with additional
information.

-- Contact Charles Owens at cowens@bdtonline.com

To see more of Bluefield Daily Telegraph, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bdtonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Bluefield Daily Telegraph,
W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20071022-WF-Drought-aid-brings-much-needed-good-news-to-Va-farmers-1022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                                 Copyright 2007


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 29, 2007 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

As Prices Soar, U.S. Food Aid Is Buying Less

BYLINE: By CELIA W. DUGGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1204 words


Soaring food prices, driven in part by demand for ethanol made from corn, have
helped slash the amount of food aid the government buys to its lowest level in a
decade, possibly resulting in more hungry people around the world this year.

The United States, the world's dominant donor, has purchased less than half the
amount of food aid this year that  it did in 2000, according to new data from
the Department of Agriculture.

''The people who are starving and have to rely on food aid, they will suffer,''
Jean Ziegler, who reports to the United Nations on hunger and food issues, said
in an interview this week.

Corn prices have fallen in recent months, but are still far higher than they
were a year ago. Demand for ethanol has also indirectly driven the rising price
of soybeans, as land that had been planted with soybeans shifted to corn. And
wheat prices have skyrocketed, in large part because drought hurt production in
Australia, a major producer, economists say.

The higher food prices have not only reduced the amount of American food aid for
the hungry, but are also making it harder for the poorest people to buy food for
themselves, economists and advocates for the hungry say.

''We fear the steady rise of food prices will hit those on the front lines of
hunger the hardest,'' said Josette Sheeran, executive director of the United
Nations World Food Program. The United States is the biggest contributor to the
agency.

She warned that food aid spending would have to rise just to keep feeding the
same number of people. But the appropriations bill for the coming year now
moving through Congress does not promise any significant increases in the food
aid budget.

The impact of rising food prices on food aid is part of a broader debate about
the long-term impact on the world's poorest people of using food crops to make
ethanol and other biofuels, a strategy that rich countries like the United
States hope will eventually reduce dependence on Middle Eastern oil.

Some advocates for the poor say rising food prices could benefit poor farmers in
developing countries, providing them with markets and decent prices for their
crops. But others warn that the growing use of food crops to make fuel,
especially if stoked by large subsidies in rich countries, could substantially
increase food prices. That could push hundreds of millions more poor people into
hunger, especially landless laborers and subsistence farmers, according to a
recent article in Foreign Affairs magazine. The authors were Benjamin Senauer
and C. Ford Runge, food policy analysts and professors at the University of
Minnesota.

Production of food crops to make biofuels will also tend to favor growers with
plenty of capital and large land holdings, they say, rather than small-scale,
impoverished farmers lacking modern grain storage facilities in poor countries.
''The policies put in place are going to be crucial to whether the small
producer and the people who live where hunger is concentrated can benefit,'' Mr.
Senauer said.

But for now food aid is suffering, as are poor people in poor countries,
economists say. And their situation may get even tougher next year, relief
agencies warn. The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization is
projecting that low-income countries reliant on food imports, including most of
sub-Saharan Africa, will see the amount they pay to import cereals rise 14
percent.

The world's ability to absorb fresh price shocks has shrunk along with  food
stocks. ''We're very worried,'' said Henri Josserand, who heads the
organization's global information and early warning system. ''World food stocks
are much smaller than they used to be.''

The food aid declines may also continue. Catholic Relief Services, a major
distributor of American food aid, has projected substantial increases in what
the federal government pays for food aid next year, based on an analysis of the
futures market for the wheat, corn and soybean products that are mainstays of
aid. ''It's bad news and it's not just going to affect U.S. food aid, but food
aid from every source,'' said Frank Orzechowski, a retired commodity trader who
now advises Catholic Relief Services.

This year's decline in food aid follows a period when the sharply escalating
costs of shipping American-grown food aid to Africa and Asia  already reduced
the tonnage supplied. The United States Government Accountability Officementnd
this year that the number of people being fed by American food aid had declined
to 70 million in 2006 from 105 million in 2002, mainly because of rising
transportation and logistical costs.

Now food prices are also playing a role. New data from the Department of
Agriculture show that the cost of food for the federal government's main food
aid program, Food for Peace, rose 35 percent over the past two years.

The amount of food bought for American food aid programs has fallen to 2.4
million metric tons this year from 4 million metric tons in 2005 and 5.3 million
metric tons in 2000. Thomas Melito, who supervised the Government Accountability
Office's food aid investigation this year, called the escalating costs of food
aid ''frightening.''

''In a situation where there are 850 million hungry people in the world and the
program was only providing enough for 70 million people in 2006, the new totals
will be even lower,'' he said.

Congress is considering changes to the food aid program as part of the omnibus
farm bill that some economists and advocates for the hungry say would improve
the efficiency of the program and allow it to feed more people. They point to a
Bush administration proposal that would allow the government to use up to $300
million of the food aid budget to buy food in African countries close to hunger
emergencies rather than shipping it from the United States on mainly
American-flagged vessels as current law requires.

In his speech to the United Nations this week, President Bush said the proposal
would speed delivery and help provide a market for poor farmers in developing
countries.

The House version of the farm bill includes no such provision. The Senate
Agriculture Committee has not produced a farm bill.

''To my mind, that's the way out of this pincer,'' said Emmy Simmons, an
agricultural economist and retired senior manager at the United States Agency
for International Development.

''But the shipping guys are hanging tough,'' she added. ''They're defending that
little chunk of revenue. They aren't super concerned whether you feed less
people.''

Groups representing shipping companies and agribusiness interests have opposed
using the budget of the main food aid program to buy food in developing
countries instead of relying on American food shipped overseas.

Gloria Tosi, who represents most of the American ship owners involved in the
food aid system, said buying commodities abroad would erode domestic political
support for the program and lead to lower food aid budgets from Congress. She
said it was ''politically naive'' to think the food commodity groups and ship
owners  that have for decades supported food aid in Congress would favor buying
commodities abroad.

''None of us will be working toward that,'' she said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Somalis, forced from their homes by armed conflict and poor
crops, on Wednesday gathered around United Nations food aid. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
ROBERTO SCHMIDT/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           October 17, 2009 Saturday

Brief

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 579 words


Royal Bank

Insurance stays online

Royal Bank of Canada will keep marketing insurance on its website until it gets
clarity on proposed government rules that may block the practice.

Finance Minister Jim Flaherty has written to banks asking them to drop their
online insurance marketing, because it violates government rules that bar banks
from selling insurance in branches.

The Canadian Bankers Association, which represents the lenders, is in talks with
the department.

Magna

EC balks at German aid

The European Commission has voiced concern over Germany's planned aid for a
consortium led by Aurora, Ont.-based Magna International to take a majority
stake in car maker Opel.

Germany offered $6.7 billion (U.S.) to support the deal, and hopes other
European countries that have Opel plants will contribute.

But Neelie Kroes, the EU competition commissioner, said the aid was subject to
the precondition that a specific bidder, Magna/Sberbank, was selected and
therefore would be "incompatible with ... state aid and internal market rules."

Pork

Fund promotes exports

Canada will spend $550,000 to promote pork exports and help the country's hog
farmers, the agriculture ministry said on Friday.

The investment will help Canadian Pork International, an Ottawa-based trade
group, promote the meat and open international markets, Agriculture and
Agri-food Canada said.

Canadian pork producers will also get better market information and sales
support.

Nickel

Royalty sues Vale Inco

Vale Inco, the Canadian unit of Vale SA, under-reported the value of
Newfoundland and Labrador nickel sales, resulting in underpayments of royalties,
International Royalty Corp. said.

International Royalty, based in Colorado, said it sued Inco in the Supreme Court
of Newfoundland and Labrador to recover $26 million in royalties that it's owed.
The company also asked the court to order Inco to correct the calculations of
future payments.

Timminco

Laid off staff return

Silicon processor Timminco Ltd. says it will recall some of the laid-off workers
at its plant in Becancour, Que., in response to receiving additional orders.

The Toronto-based company purifies silicon metal for use in solar panels that
convert sunlight into electricity. Demand for solar grade silicon dropped off
during the severe slowdown that began to seriously affect the global economy
about a year ago.

Timminco announced Friday that it shipped 103 tonnes of solar grade silicon in
the quarter, mostly to an affiliated company, at an average of $39 per kilogram.

Toronto City Airport

Extra flights considered

The Toronto Port Authority is reviewing additional commercial flights at the
Toronto City Centre Airport after receiving several inquiries from different
airlines.

A 1983 agreement limits the number of commercial flights that can be operated
daily at the airport. A study is reviewing the number of additional flights that
can be accommodated in the next few years, Alan Paul, president and CEO of the
port authority, said.

German stocks

DAX slides on GE losses

German stocks declined after Bank of America Corp. reported a third-quarter
loss, sales from General Electric Co. missed analysts' estimates and confidence
among U.S. consumers fell more than forecast.

Deutsche Bank AG and Commerzbank AG dropped at least 2.1 per cent. Siemens AG
also retreated. Steelmakers Salzgitter AG and ThyssenKrupp AG slid with metal
prices. The DAX Index fell 1.7 per cent to 5,731.35, trimming its weekly gain to
0.4 per cent.

From the Star's wire services

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 March 18, 2000, Saturday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

80-unit apartment project planned for migrants

BYLINE: LINDA GIBSON

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



The project on church-donated land will allow some farm worker families to
escape "horribly substandard" trailers.

A $ 6-million building project is under way near the eastern Hillsborough
community of Dover that will move 80 migrant farm worker families from
dilapidated trailers into new apartments.

The project will be built on a 34-acre site that houses the offices of a handful
of social service agencies that provide day care, adult education, family
counseling and legal aid.

"We're bringing services to their doorstep, spanning the whole plethora of needs
they might have," said Joe Citro, spokesman for the Catholic Diocese of St.
Petersburg, which donated the land.

A market survey found 1,300 migrant families in that part of eastern
Hillsborough County who were living in "horribly substandard housing," Citro
said.

"We're not talking about a leaky faucet," he said. "We're talking about broken
windows, no running water, no air conditioning."

Families have doubled up in these trailers because they can't afford the rent
otherwise, said Rosa Ramirez, a social worker with the diocese. They also face
eviction at the end of the harvest.

The apartments will give up to 500 people a stability in housing many have not
experienced, Citro said. In addition, the diocese has sought to involve
potential residents in the development phase through focus groups and town
meetings over the past three years.

Migrants told them they needed three or four bedrooms for their large families,
that they would like to have a place where they could fix and wash their cars
and that their kids would love a soccer field.

As a result, the apartments will have from two to four bedrooms. There will be
plazas between the buildings for people to gather, a 4,000-square-foot
recreation center and a soccer field with lights so it can be used at night. The
buildings will be designed to evoke Southwestern styles.

"We want them to feel they have a place of their own that they can be proud of,"

 Ramirez said.

Part of the rent families pay will be put into an escrow fund available for down
payments on houses.

"This will be stepping-stone housing," Citro said. "We don't want people to stay
there for the rest of their lives. When people are up and on their feet, they'd
make way for another family."

The hard part will be choosing which 80 families will be the first to move in,
he said. That will be done by committee.

Groundbreaking should be in three months, Citro said, with construction taking
another nine months. Funding includes a grant of $ 3.25-million from the Florida
Department of Community Affairs, as well as federal and county grants and
private sources.

- Linda Gibson can be reached at (813) 226-3382 or at gibson@sptimes.com.


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE; METRO & STATE; CITY & STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR MAP; Locates site of housing for migrants to be built in
Hillsborough County (ran Tampa & State)

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 Logical, Inc.

                               4155 N Rockwell St
                               Chicago,  IL 60618
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 847-583-0910
URL: http://www.safety-products.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 41063185

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Logical, Inc. is a company focussed on First Aid, Safety Products, First Aid
Kits, First Aid Supplies, Showers, and 8 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Logical, Inc. does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 27 other major Manufacturing
Industries.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Cleanroom Packaging
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Safety Training Programs


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acetates
     ·    Acid
     ·    Acrylonitrile
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Benzene
     ·    Butyl
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Carbon Disulfide
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Chloroform
     ·    Cyanides
     ·    Esters
     ·    Ethyl
     ·    Ethylene
     ·    Ethylene Oxide
     ·    Freon
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Hydrofluoric Acid
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Sulfide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Isopropyl Alcohol
     ·    Natural Latex
     ·    Natural Rubber
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitric Acid
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Ozone
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Sorbents
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sulfides
     ·    Sulphur
     ·    Thermoplastic Elastomers
     ·    Trichloroethylene
     ·    Urethane
     ·    Vinyl Acetate
     ·    Xylene


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acetates, Acid, Acrylonitrile, Air Hose, Air
Nozzles, Alcohol, Alkaline Batteries, Ammonium, Ampules, Antibiotics,
Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Apparel, Applicators, Aprons, Aspirin, Bands,
Baseballs, Basketballs, Belt Clips, Belts, Benzene, Bibs, Binders, Booms, Boots,
Bouffant Caps, Breathers, Buckles, Bump Caps, Burn Kits, Buttons, Butyl, Butyl
Gloves, Caddies, Canes, Canvas, Capes, Carabiners, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide,
Carbon Disulfide, Cartridges, Chaps, Chemical Plants, Chemical Resistant Gloves,
Chemicals, Chests, Chlorine, Chloroform, Chocks, Chore Gloves, Cleaners,
Cleaning Systems, Cleanroom Gloves, Cleanroom Packaging, Cleanrooms, Cloth,
Clothing, Coated Gloves, Coats, Compounds, Containers, Containment Systems,
Convex Mirrors, Cord, Cosmetics, Cotton, Cotton Aprons, Cotton Balls, Cotton
Clothing, Cotton Duck, Cotton Gloves, Cotton Tip Applicators, Coveralls,
Coverlets, Cradles, Cuffs, Cushions, Cyanides, Denim Aprons, Denims, Disposable
Aprons, Dome Mirrors, Domes, Drain Covers, Drums, Duck, Duck Aprons, Dust
Covers, Earplugs, Elastic Belts, Esters, Ethyl, Ethylene, Ethylene Oxide,
Faucets, Feet, Fences, Fiber, Filters, Fire Blankets, First Aid, First Aid
Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flags, Flashlights, Freon, Gels,
Glass, Globes, Goggles, Guards, Guides, Hand Cleaners, Hard Hats, Hats,
Hazardous Materials, Headers, Hearing Protection, Helmets, Hoods, Hose
Assemblies, Hydrofluoric Acid, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Sulfide, Ice, Industrial
Batteries, Insoles, Inspection Gloves, Insulated Gloves, Interlocks, Isopropyl
Alcohol, Jackets, Jersey Gloves, Jerseys, Jets, Kevlar Gloves, Latex Gloves,
Leather, Leather Jackets, Leather Palm Gloves, Lens Coatings, Lenses, Lifts,
Lighting, Lights, Lime, Limiters, Linings, Liquid Soap, Lockers, Lockouts, Lugs,
Masks, Matting, Mixing Valves, Molds, Mouse Pads, Natural Latex, Natural Rubber,
Neoprene, Nitric Acid, Nitrile Gloves, Nitriles, Nitrogen, Nomex, Nylon, Nylon
Mesh, Ointments, Organic, Overalls, Oxygen, Ozone, Packaging, Panels, Pants,
Particulate Filters, Patches, Pedestals, Pesticides, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Pillows, Piston Pumps, Plastic Signs, Plastics, Polyethylene,
Polypropylene, Polyurethane, Powder-Free Gloves, Profiles, Protective Clothing,
Protectors, PVC, PVC Compounds, Quilts, Rags, Railroad Wheel Chocks, Railroads,
Ratchets, Rebar, Respirators, Restraints, Retainers, Rubber, Rubber Gloves,
Safety Fences, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Products, Safety Training
Programs, Safety Vests, Shirts, Shoe Covers, Shoes, Showers, Sign Holders,
Sleeves, Soap, Socks, Solutions, Sorbents, Spats, Specimen Cups, Spill
Containment Systems, Sprays, Stainless Steel, Steel, Steel Cores, Stoppers,
Storage Bags, Suits, Sulfides, Sulphur, Sunscreens, Suspensions, Tablets,
Terrycloth, Terrycloth Gloves, Test Kits, Thermometers, Thermoplastic
Elastomers, Tongue Depressors, Towelettes, Trichloroethylene, Tripods, Urethane,
Utility Knives, Vests, Vinyl Acetate, Vinyl Gloves, Vinyl Sleeves, Waterless
Hand Cleaners, Welding Helmets, Welding Systems, Wheel Chocks, Wipers, Work
Gloves, Workstations, Wristlets, Xylene, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                       Swartzendruber Hardwood Creations

                               1100 N Chicago Ave
                               Goshen,  IN 46528
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 574-536-0491
URL: http://www.swartzendruber.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 28369035

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Swartzendruber Hardwood Creations is a supplier focussed on Aluminum Plate,
Aluminum Plates, Fire Extinguishers, First Aid, First Aid Kits, and 8 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Swartzendruber Hardwood
Creations does business in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automotive
Industries, as well as 13 other major Manufacturing Industries. Swartzendruber
Hardwood Creations has at least 4 business locations. The company describes
itself via it's website thusly: "Swartzendruber Furniture Creation: Furniture
For The Ages. Creating handmade, top quality, hardwood furniture."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Wood Office Furniture Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33721100
SIC CODES:
57120000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Aluminum Plate
     ·    Aluminum Plates
     ·    Fire Extinguishers
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Vises
     ·    Aluminum Plates
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Sawing
     ·    Woodworking


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Machining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Copper
     ·    Glass
     ·    Glass Colors
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hardwood
     ·    Platinum
     ·    Plywood
     ·    Silver
     ·    Steel
     ·    Xenon


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery
     ·    Sawmills


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aluminum Plate, Aluminum Plates, Architects, Armoires, Arts &
Crafts, Ball Bearing Slides, Ball Bearings, Barns, Barrels, Bay Windows,
Beacons, Bearings, Bed Rails, Bedroom Furniture, Beds, Bookcases, Breadboards,
Buggies, Bulbs, Buttons, Cabinet Doors, Canoes, Carvings, Cassettes, Chairs,
Chests, Cloth, Clothing, Coats, Coffees, Computer Desks, Computer Workstations,
Copper, Credenzas, Credit Cards, Cushions, Custom Furniture, Desks, Dimmer
Switches, Drawer Bottoms, Drawer Boxes, Drawers, Dressers, Elements,
Entertainment Centers, Executive Desks, Factory Buildings, Fasteners, Feet, Fire
Extinguishers, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flats, Floor Lamps, Footballs,
Furniture, Fuses, Glass, Glass Colors, Glass Covers, Glass Doors, Glides, Glue,
Gold, Halogen Lighting, Hardware, Hardwood, Hot Melt Glue, Jerseys, Jewelry,
Jewelry Boxes, Keyboards, Kiln Dried Lumber, Kilns, Lacquers, Lamp Tables,
Lamps, Laptop Computers, Lateral Files, Leather, Lifts, Lighters, Lighting,
Lighting Systems, Lights, Linseed Oils, Living Room Furniture, Lumber,
Machinery, Mailing Lists, Mattresses, Measures, Mechanisms, Nets, Office
Furniture, Overlays, Panel Beds, Panels, Pedestals, Pencils, Platinum, Plywood,
Pocket Doors, Posts, Primers, Rails, Rings, Rounds, Sandpaper, Sawing, Sawmills,
Seating, Seats, Showrooms, Silver, Sleigh Beds, Sofa Tables, Spindles, Steel,
Stools, Storage Cabinets, Suits, Sweaters, Table Tops, Tables, Teas, Telephones,
Thread, Tool Boxes, Trading Desks, Upholstery, Varnishes, Veneers, Vessels,
Vises, Wall Mirrors, Waterbeds, Wood Panels, Woodwork, Woodworking,
Workstations, Writing Desks, Xenon

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday

Farm Aid Board Plows Ahead;
Press Conference Brings Out Their Fervor For Agriculture And Buying Local.

BYLINE: Jon Ferguson

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


News Editor

HERSHEY - Neil Young - always passionate, always articulate - made an
impassioned plea Saturday for more young people to get involved in farming.

"We have to make farming sound like it's a mission from God," Young said. "We
need young blood; we need new blood on the farm."

Young and his fellow musicians who sit on the board of directors of Farm Aid -
Willie Nelson, John Mellencamp and Dave Matthews - kicked off the organization's
annual benefit concert with a noontime press conference at the old Hersheypark
Arena.

The actual concert started in a sold-out Hersheypark Stadium when Nelson, his
long, gray hair flowing from a straw cowboy hat emblazoned with the Farm Aid
logo, strode onto the stage at 2:15 p.m. and sang "The Lord's Prayer." Aside
from the headliners, other musicians scheduled to perform at the concert
included Jack Johnson, who participated in the press conference, Kenny Chesney,
Grace Potter and Jamey Johnson.

Though the musicians are accustomed to entertaining people from a stage, they
seemed equally comfortable at the crowded press conference, which lasted for
about 50 minutes.

Actually, to call it a press conference was something of a misnomer as no
questions were taken from the media and it was moderated by Bryan Snyder,
executive director of Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture, and
Carolyn Mugar, Farm Aid's executive director.

Nonetheless, the musicians, who were joined by three farmers from central
Pennsylvania, spoke knowledgeably about American family farmers and the hard
times they believe a lot of them face.

Farm Aid, which held its first concert in 1985 at the University of Illinois,
was started by Nelson, who recruited Young and Mellencamp to help him organize
it and recruit musicians. It was designed as a one-time event.

During the 1980s, Mellencamp addressed the problems of family farmers in songs
like "Scarecrow" and his rural Indiana roots in tunes like "Small Town."

Mellencamp, 60, said he's sees a lot of the same problems facing family farmers
today that he did almost three decades ago.

"We were all young men when we started this," Mellencamp said. "But I don't
think things have gotten much better."

Nelson made a comment that mirrored Mellencamp's.

"On behalf of all the guys," Nelson, 79, said, "we're glad to be here. On the
other hand, we're very sorry we have to be here. This problem should have been
solved many years ago."

Farm Aid, which says it has raised more than $40 million since 1985, describes
its mission as keeping family farmers on their land. Its mission statement also
says it wants to help maintain an agricultural system that ensures family
farmers make a fair living, strengthens communities, protects natural resources,
and delivers "good food for all."

Matthews, 45, said people can help accomplish that by buying locally. The
rocker, who has made Hershey a regular stop when he tours with his band, said
people should resist buying products just because they're name brands and
instead purchase products from their neighbors.

"Say, 'I don't want the same,' " he said. Say 'I want to know where I am, and I
want to support the local people. I want to support the local farms ,and I want
to support the local community.'

"And I want that to be part of a greater community that has the same philosophy.
And that's what I want the future of America to be."

Young, 66, said helping family farmers should revolve around encouraging young
people to take up agriculture as a career and organizing.

"We really need to get much more organized and get some farm leaders that stand
up for the small farmer," said Young, who read a letter from an Iowa dairy
farmer during the press conference.

"In this country you can do just about anything you want. The fact is, we need
independent family farmers to be represented within our government in a way
that's similar to unions, in a way that's similar to what some people are trying
to get rid of."

Though they've been at this for 27 years, it was clear that the musicians who
started Farm Aid and have kept it going don't plan on abandoning their cause
anytime soon.

"We've been here for a long time," Young said, "and some people say we're not
going anywhere. We're not going anywhere. We're staying right here."

Said Nelson, "It might take another 27 years, but what else are we going to do?"

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: L Neil Young Reads A Letter From A Small Farmer In Need At The Press
Conference Saturday Afternoon. From Left, Willie Nelson, John Mellencamp, Dave
Matthews And Jack Johnson. Jeff Ruppentha

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Bulk
Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International Food Aid
Programs."

Solicitation no. AG-INAG-S-13-0036      Posted on: September 10, 2014

Notice Type:  Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 424

Description:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-IN (AG-S-13-0036 (2000001870)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after June 14, 2014, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near June 19, 2014.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Jun 19, 2014 2:00 pm Central

Contact Details:  P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Dan Webber,
Contracting Officer
dan.webber@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-2847

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=35ee020b7e61cf036d1a31f8b483353f&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Medical Aid Supply House


                               Duluth,  GA 30096
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 770-622-1211
URL: http://mashmedicalsupply.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/medicalaidsupplyhouse
https://plus.google.com/u/0/104064018103446032734/
https://twitter.com/MASHMedSupply
https://www.linkedin.com/company/medical-aid-supply-house-inc

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 5364662

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  FDA Approved
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Medical Aid Supply House is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on
Pictures, Beds, Primers, Pump Primers, Used Equipment, and 8 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Medical Aid Supply House does
business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as
15 other major Manufacturing Industries. Medical Aid Supply House has at least 3
business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Medical Dental and Hospital Equipment and
Supplies Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42345000
SIC CODES:
50470000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Pictures


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Beds
     ·    Primers
     ·    Pump Primers
     ·    Used Equipment
     ·    Compression Fittings
     ·    Electric Pumps
     ·    Pump Primers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Drive Medical Design & Manufacturing, Golden Technologies,
Professional Medical Imports


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alcohol, Angles, Battery Packs, Beds, Bells, Belts, Bracelets,
Braces, Briefs, Brushes, Canes, Catheters, Chairs, Cleansers, Commodes,
Compression Fittings, Cookies, Credit Cards, Crutches, Diapers, Door Knobs,
Drainage Bags, Electric Pumps, Feet, Flanges, Games, Garages, Generators,
Guides, Gutters, Hosiery, Hubs, Jeans, Lift Chairs, Lifts, Lights, Measures,
Organizers, Oxygen, Patient Lift Slings, Pendants, Pictures, Pivots, Posts,
Primers, Pump Primers, Purses, Ramps, Rentals, Robotics, Rounds, Seats, Sheets,
Shoes, Showers, Signals, Silicone, Silicones, Sleeves, Socks, Stairs, Starters,
Tablets, Tags, Targets, Telephones, Toggles, Transitions, Used Equipment, Vacuum
Controls, Wheelchairs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                               February 21, 2001

BYLINE: By, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 530 words


U.S. sub commander won't talk to investigators from nat'l board Cmdr. Scott
Waddle was skipper of the U.S. submarine that surfaced under a Japanese fishing
boat. Nine are thought dead after the accident. On his lawyer's advice, Waddle
refused to talk with investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board
about the accident. He offered to answer written questions from the NTSB about
the sub's part in the rescue. Waddle and two other officers on the sub will
appear before a Navy Court of Inquiry on Thursday.  Five senators travel to
Ecuador to talk about drug-fighting plans Four Republicans and one Democrat,
including Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., discussed "Plan Colombia" with top
government officials in Quito. The $ 1.3 billion program aids the Colombian
government in its quest to stamp out coca production. But the government's
success has pushed drug-driven strife from Colombia across the Ecuadorian
border. The senators and Ecuadorian officials also planned to discuss funding
for development in the border areas. People in the region are receiving threats
from groups based on the Colombian side of the border.  High court won't hear
gun case, also rejects property rights case The Supreme Court rejected a
constitutional challenge to California's assault weapons ban. Gun collectors and
manufacturers said the law banning the sale, manufacture and distribution of
military-style firearms was too vague. Specifically, they objected to the law's
provision that gave California's attorney general the power to add weapons to a
list of banned firearms. The court also turned away a North Carolina case that
would have examined the Endangered Species Act's impact on private landowners. A
group of farmers had complained that laws covering the killing of red wolves
were unconstitutional.  In an 8-1 ruling, the court ruled police could bar
suspects from entering their own homes to prevent them from destroying evidence
while officers obtained a search warrant.  Farmers to get assistance checks Some
$ 500 million in aid will be paid by the Agriculture Department to 590,000
farmers of soybeans, sunflowers and other oil-producing crops, the department
said. Low prices for those crops caused Congress to award the aid last year, and
left the USDA to distribute the money. The aid will primarily benefit Midwestern
states, with the most aid going to Iowa and Illinois.  GAO rips Marines over
Osprey The General Accounting Office said the Marines failed to conduct key
tests of its MV-22 Osprey aircraft. Two of the Ospreys, which take off and land
like a helicopter but fly like an airplane, crashed last year, killing 23
Marines. The GAO said only 33 out of 103 tests to examine a mechanical
malfunction were actually done. The watchdog agency blamed cost-cutting and time
pressures. The report said not enough was known about the Osprey before
production started. It comes on top of charges that the head of the Marines'
sole Osprey squadron told subordinates to fake maintenance records.  Secretary
of State Colin Powell held talks with German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer,
who faces official inquiries at home into his left-wing past.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2001 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             August 12, 2005 Friday

Durbin to focus on more aid for drought victims

BYLINE: TIM LANDIS Business Editor

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: BERLI


Rain clouds gathered as U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin met with more than two dozen area
farmers Thursday to discuss a drought that has cut local corn yields by more
than half on some fields.

To a farmer, they told the Springfield Democrat the damage already is done.
"This corn looked pretty bad in '88. The difference now is our input costs are
tremendously higher, for the feed, the fertilizer and the seed," said Steve
Walter, who hosted the Durbin visit on his farm at the west edge of Berlin.

Walter, who farms 1,600 acres of corn and soybeans, estimated his corn yields
have been cut to 50 to 60 bushels per acre, compared to an average of 187
bushels per acre last year. Unless rain comes soon, soybean yields will suffer
as well, he said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture last month declared 101 of 102 counties in
Illinois federal disaster areas as a result of one of the worst droughts to hit
the state since record-keeping began in 1895. Only Alexander County at the
southern tip of the state was not included.

A federal disaster declaration qualifies farmers for low-interest emergency
loans, but Durbin said if the drought persists, emergency loans would not be
enough to carry some farmers into the next planting season.

Durbin said he would consider a request for emergency federal aid, possibly in
the form of grants to help offset some of the losses when Congress reconvenes
next month. But he conceded it could be a tough sell politically, because
effects of the drought do not appear to have been as severe in surrounding
states.

"It's one of the few times since I've been in Congress and the Senate that the
entire state has been hit. If this is Illinois' misfortune, it's tougher
politically," said Durbin, who visited a farm near McLean earlier in the day.

Durbin said he plans to begin discussions with state and federal agricultural
officials and representatives from surrounding states on the extension of
emergency aid provisions scheduled to expire in mid-September.

"The budget is tight. I don't want to over-promise, but we'll work on it," he
said.

The visit included a brief walk through one of the worst hit sections of a
cornfield, which had stunted stalks, ears of corn shriveled to a quarter of
normal size, and hard, cracked ground.

Sangamon County corn yields probably will average 50 to 150 bushels per acre
this year compared to 155 to 160 in a normal year, said Robert Irlam, county
executive director for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.

"We've been getting a lot of calls on what kind of disaster relief there may
be," Irlam said.

Several farmers said the quality as well as the quantity of grain has suffered,
which also could result in lower prices. They also said loss of farm income
could spread to other areas of the local economy, including implement dealers,
grain elevators, fertilizer companies and even retail businesses.

Edward Cowman, who also farms near Berlin, said, "They're going to discount us
on grain prices for what we do bring in."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              New Mexico Legal Aid

                               705 S Telshor Blvd
                             Las Cruces,  NM 88011
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 505-400-7309
URL: http://www.nmla.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/New-Mexico-Library-Association/114662613072

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 2980358

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
New Mexico Legal Aid is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on Speakers,
Computer Training, Engraving, Rentals, Strategic Planning, and 5 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. New Mexico Legal Aid does business
in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as 24 other
major Manufacturing Industries. New Mexico Legal Aid has at least 3 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "2015 NMLA
Election Results : New Mexico Library Association"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; All Other Miscellaneous Schools and
Instruction

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
61169900
SIC CODES:
82990000
CAGE CODES:
3WAY6
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Speakers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Computer Training
     ·    Engraving
     ·    Rentals
     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Silver


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Alcohol, Auctions, Backgrounds, Badges, Banners,
Barns, Barricades, Bells, Blazers, Bookmarks, Bookmobiles, Briefcases, Briefs,
Brochures, Brownies, Bushings, Business Cards, Buttons, Calendars, Caterers,
Chairs, Channels, Coffees, Computer Hardware, Computer Training, Cooling
Systems, Credit Cards, Decals, Depositories, Desks, Digital Cameras, DVD
Players, Elements, Engraving, Feeds, Felt, Filing Cabinets, Fire Alarms, Flats,
Folders, Framed Art, Furniture, Garages, Generators, Governors, Guides,
Hardware, Invitations, Irrigation Systems, Keyboards, Kiosks, Lifts, Lighting,
Lights, Mailing Labels, Mailing Lists, Measures, Mechanisms, Name Badges, Nets,
Oil Paintings, Organs, Overalls, Panels, Pass Throughs, Patches, Pictures, Pins,
Planning Boards, Platforms, Post Office Boxes, Posters, Posts, Printers,
Promotional, Radios, Railings, Ramps, Reference Materials, Registers, Rentals,
Rounds, Salt, Scopes, Scrapbooks, Seats, Security Cameras, Security Systems,
Sheds, Sheets, Shirts, Silver, Skylights, Snacks, Solutions, Soups, Spas,
Speakers, Springs, Stamps, Strategic Planning, Stucco, T-Shirts, Tables, Tags,
Targets, Tees, Telephones, Textbooks, Thread, Tool Kits, Training Workshops,
Tramways, Transitions, Trophies, Vans, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     AUGUST 24, 1995 Thursday FINAL EDITION

SLIM HARVEST CONGRESS USES A DULL SCYTHE ON FARM SUBSIDIES.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 329 words


It's sad to see how Congress plans to tighten up on agriculture programs.
Between now and the year 2000, the Republican budget cuts an average of $3.5
billion a year from food stamps. But when it comes to subsidies to farmers
through the Commodity Credit Corp., the cuts are only $1.7 billion a year;
that's half as much.

If lawmakers had the backbone to slash subsidies to farmers, the extra savings
could be used to safeguard food stamps for poor people. But that's not in the
cards because most poor people don't vote Republican. Besides, the party wants
to protect the freshmen in 23 rural congressional districts that
went Republican last November.

In fairness, the Republican timidity on farm supports looks like statesmanship
compared with the token cuts proposed by President Clinton. He's pandering to
farm-state voters by calling the Republican cuts too severe.

Next month, House and Senate committees will work on how to achieve the gradual
savings promised in the budget.

In one promising development, the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee,
Rep. Pat Roberts (R., Kan.), has proposed a sensible approach.

The Roberts bill would sweep aside most of the rules that restrict which major
crops farmers can grow - and in what amounts. Various forms of federal aid would
be consolidated into an annual payment based on a percentage of what the grower
received in an average year.

This gets at one of the disadvantages of current farm policy: the sharp
variations in federal costs in some years due to the unpredictability of crops.
Meanwhile, it gives growers - the vast majority of whom have above- average
incomes - an assured, though declining, amount of federal aid.

By backing the government out of the crop-control business, the Roberts bill
would prod the agricultural industry toward the free-market principles that
Republicans tout for the rest of the economy. The pace isn't fast enough - but
the direction is right.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Model Coverall Service, Inc.

                                 100 28th St SE
                            Grand Rapids,  MI 49548
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 616-241-6491
URL: http://www.modelcoverall.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/modelcoverall
https://twitter.com/jonsubar
https://twitter.com/ModelCoverall

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 17512228

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, FDA Approved, Lean Manufacturer
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Model Coverall Service, Inc. is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on
Coats, Emblems, Entrance Mats, First Aid, Hats, and 22 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Model Coverall Service, Inc. does business
in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 26 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Model Coverall Service, Inc. has at least 3
business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Model
Coverall Service offers a variety of services including uniform rental services
in Grand Rapids, MI. Browse our selection of uniforms here today!"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Industrial Launderers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81233200
SIC CODES:
72180000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Coats
     ·    Emblems
     ·    Entrance Mats
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Hats
     ·    Jackets
     ·    Logo Mats
     ·    Shirts
     ·    Soap
     ·    Sweaters
     ·    Toilet Paper
     ·    Toilets
     ·    Towels
     ·    Uniforms
     ·    Anti-Fatigue Mats
     ·    Custom Mats
     ·    Entrance Mats
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Logo Mats
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Computer Training
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Benzalkonium Chloride
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Citric Acid
     ·    Cleaning Chemicals
     ·    Composites
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Ethyl
     ·    Ethyl Alcohol
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Laundry Chemicals
     ·    Nitrile Rubber
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Barnard Manufacturing Co. Inc., Ecolab


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acid, Adhesive Tapes, Aerosols, Alcohol, Ammonium,
Angles, Antacids, Anti-Fatigue Mats, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Antiseptics,
Apparel, Applicators, Aprons, Aspirin, Bands, Barrels, Baseballs, Basketballs,
Bath Towels, Beads, Benzalkonium Chloride, Bleaches, Boilers, Boosters, Bowls,
Briefs, Bristles, Brooms, Burn Kits, Buses, Buttons, Caffeine, Candles,
Charcoal, Chemicals, Citric Acid, Cleaners, Cleaning Chemicals, Cleaning
Products, Cloth, Clothing, Coats, Composites, Computer Training, Consoles,
Contaminants, Controllers, Cotton, Cotton Tip Applicators, Coveralls, Credit
Cards, Custom Mats, Defibrillators, Degreasers, Denim Aprons, Denims,
Detergents, Dishes, Dishwashers, Disinfectants, Dresses, Drums, Economizers,
Electricity, Emblems, Entrance Mats, Ethyl, Ethyl Alcohol, Fiber, First Aid,
First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flats, Footballs,
Furniture, Games, Gaskets, Gels, Generators, Glass, Greenhouses, Grippers,
Guides, Hand Cleaners, Hard Hats, Hats, Hearing Protection, Hoes, Hydrogen,
Hydrogen Peroxide, Ice, Iron, Jackets, Jeans, Kitchen Sinks, Latex Gloves,
Laundry Bags, Laundry Chemicals, Levers, Lights, Lime, Linings, Lockers, Logo
Mats, Masks, Mineral Oils, Molds, Mop Handles, Mops, Name Tags, Nets, Nitrile
Rubber, Nitriles, Nylon, Ointments, Outerwear, Ovens, Over-the-Road Trucks,
Packaging, Pants, Paper Products, Paper Towels, Paper Wipers, Patches, Pins,
Plastic Strips, Plastics, Polo Shirts, Polyester, Posts, Profiles, Removers,
Rentals, Repair Tags, Roofing, Rounds, Rubber, Rubber Oils, Safety Equipment,
Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Pins, Safety Products, Safety Training
Videos, Safety Vests, Salt, Sauces, School Buses, Scrapbooks, Scrapers,
Scrubbers, Scrubs, Seats, Sheets, Shelters, Shirts, Shoes, Shop Coats, Shower
Curtains, Shower Doors, Showers, Silver, Sinks, Sirens, Sleeves, Snap Hooks,
Soap, Softballs, Solvents, Spices, Sprays, Springs, Stainless Steel, Steel,
Suits, Sweaters, Sweeps, T-Shirts, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Teas, Telephones,
Tennis Balls, Terry Towels, Textiles, Thermal Blankets, Thermometers, Toilet
Paper, Toilet Seats, Toilets, Towelettes, Towels, Tracking Systems, Trade
Associations, Training Videos, Traps, Underwear, Uniforms, Upholstery, Vans,
Vests, Volleyballs, Washcloths, Washers, Wipers, Wire, Work Clothing, Work
Pants, Work Shirts, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Square One Medical

                                 349 Valerie Dr
                         Cranberry Township,  PA 16066
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 877-306-1217
URL: http://www.sq1med.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/Square1Med
http://www.facebook.com/SquareOneMedical
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/yuliya-novikova/73/26/a49
https://twitter.com/AEDSource
https://twitter.com/medsupplyguy
https://www.linkedin.com/pub/yuliya-novikova/73/26/a49

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 4853481

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Square One Medical is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Lithium Batteries, Chests, Defibrillators, First Aid, Medical Devices, and 10
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Square One Medical
does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well
as 24 other major Manufacturing Industries. Square One Medical has at least 2
business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Square One Medical proudly offers a wide variety of products, from skin care
products, to vitamin supplements and more! Give us a call at (724) 779-2278"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Medical Dental and Hospital
Equipment and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
56199000
SIC CODES:
50470300
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Lithium Batteries


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Chests
     ·    Defibrillators
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Medical Devices
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Ice
     ·    Isopropyl Alcohol
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Potassium
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Activated Charcoal, Alcohol, Ambulances, Antacids,
Antibiotics, Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Backpacks,
Banners, Bells, Belts, Bleaches, Blenders, Blisters, Breathers, Briefcases,
Buttons, Calcium, Calculators, Campers, Can Handles, Capsules, Carrying Cases,
Castile Soap, Charcoal, Chests, Cleaners, Cleansers, Cloth, Coffees, Containers,
Control Panels, Controlled Substances, Cookies, Cord, Cotton, Coupons, Credit
Cards, Crystal, Dampers, Darts, Defibrillators, Dials, Dishes, Domes,
Electrodes, Emergency Equipment, Emergency Kits, Face Masks, Face Shields,
Fasteners, Fiber, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flats, Funnels,
Games, Gears, Generators, Gowns, Guides, Hazardous Materials, Ice, Isopropyl
Alcohol, Keychains, Latex-Free Gloves, Lighters, Lights, Lime, Lithium
Batteries, Litters, Masks, Measures, Medical Devices, Molds, Nets, Nickel,
Nitrile Gloves, Nitriles, Nylon, Nylon Pouches, Ointments, Overalls, Packaging,
Padding, Panels, Patches, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Pills,
Pins, Plastic Bags, Plastic Cases, Plastics, Polyester, Posts, Potassium,
Prescription Drugs, Profiles, Promotional, Purses, Refrigerators, Registers,
Rescue Breathers, Respirators, Rings, Safety Pins, Salt, Scoops, Seats, Shears,
Sheets, Shirts, Shoe Covers, Shoes, Signals, Sleeves, Soap, Sockets, Solutions,
Spinning, Spoons, Spray Bottles, Spray Pumps, Sprays, Stainless Steel, Stakes,
Steel, Suits, Sunscreens, Suppositories, Swabs, Syringes, Tables, Tablets, Tags,
Telephones, Towelettes, Towels, Training Videos, Traps, Vans, Vinyl Gloves

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Workplace Safety Specialists

                              1122 S Greenfield Rd
                                Mesa,  AZ 85206
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 480-649-2851
URL: http://www.workplacesafetyspecialists.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 17378637

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Workplace Safety Specialists is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier
focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits, Forklifts, Tags, Wastewater Treatment,
and 10 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Workplace
Safety Specialists does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive
Industries, as well as 19 other major Manufacturing Industries. Workplace Safety
Specialists has at least 3 business locations. The company describes itself via
it's website thusly: "Workplace Safety Specialists Training Courses Safety
Products"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; All Other Miscellaneous
Schools and Instruction

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
61169201
SIC CODES:
82990200
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Forklifts
     ·    Tags
     ·    Wastewater Treatment
     ·    Cable Locks
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Padlocks
     ·    Plug Locks


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Grinding
     ·    Punching


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Benzene
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Chromium
     ·    Gases
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Sulfide
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Platinum
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polymers
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silica
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sulfides
     ·    Sulfur
     ·    Sulfur Dioxide


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aerial Lifts, Alarm Systems, Alligator Clips, Aluminum Bottles,
Ammonium, Arm Bands, Backpacks, Ball Valves, Bands, Barricades, Belt Clips,
Belts, Benzene, Boom Trucks, Booms, Boots, Brakes, Brochures, Bronze, Cable
Locks, Calibration Equipment, Canvas, Carbon, Carrying Cases, Cement, Chemicals,
Chlorine, Chromium, Circuit Breakers, Clamshells, Clothing, Coats, Compounds,
Compressed Gas Cylinders, Cotton, Coveralls, Cradles, Cutting Oils, Derricks,
Dump Trucks, Electric Brakes, Emergency Equipment, Emergency Response Supplies,
Fall Protection Equipment, Filters, Fire Protection Equipment, Fire Safety,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flow Regulators, Forklifts, Gas Alarms, Gas
Cylinders, Gas Detectors, Gas Meters, Gases, Gate Valves, Gears, Gold, Grinding,
Hazardous Materials, Hearing Protection, Hoists, Hoods, Hydrogen, Hydrogen
Sulfide, Insulated Gloves, Insulated Pipe, Insulated Tools, Leather, Lifts,
Lighting, Loaders, Lock Boxes, Lockouts, Machinery, Materials Handling,
Measures, Mechanisms, Nylon, Organic, Organizers, OSHA Training, Overalls,
Oxygen, Padlocks, Panels, Particulate Filters, Plastics, Platforms, Platinum,
Plug Locks, Polyester, Polyester Fabrics, Polymers, Posters, Protectors, Pump
Filters, Punching, PVC, Rechargeable Batteries, Reference Materials, Registers,
Respirators, Rubber, Safety Equipment, Safety Products, Samplers, Sampling
Pumps, Screwdrivers, Sheets, Signals, Silica, Silver, Skid-Steer Loaders, Socks,
Solutions, Solvents, Stainless Steel, Steel, Storage Bags, Suits, Sulfides,
Sulfur, Sulfur Dioxide, Tables, Tags, Terminations, Tires, Toggles, Tool Kits,
Traffic Control, Traffic Controls, Trimmings, Uniforms, Valve Handles, Valve
Stems, Vests, Wastewater Treatment, Workstations, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   September 22, 1991, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Be generous with food for Soviets

BYLINE: GAZETTE

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OP-ED; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 439 words


Washington's new plan for a "professional Peace Corps" for the Soviet Union, as
U.S. Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady described it, is a good idea. It would
help supply a key need over the longer run: teaching the basic skills of
business and economic management to a willing but unskilled population, just as
the Peace Corps taught modern farming and other skills in developing countries.

But limiting aid to this sort of thing would be a mistake. That would do little
to help the Soviet Union through the coming winter, the most pressing immediate
requirement.

Senior Soviet officials have now told a somewhat startled European Community how
much they figure they need in food aid from its members, and from other members
of the Group of 7 including Canada, the United States and Japan. The amount is $
14.7 billion U.S.

That is, in Mr. Brady's words, "awfully high." It is also roughly twice the
amount mentioned by Soviet officials just one week earlier. There was some
confusion over whether that earlier $ 7.2 billion was to come from everybody.
But the officials now stress it was always just the European portion.

It would be easy to say the Soviets don't really know what their real needs for
food aid are, so perhaps we should wait until they do. Perhaps they don't know
very accurately, and there is certainly debate among Western experts.

Jacques Delors, the European Community president, recently estimated some $ 2.4
billion was needed. The London-based International Wheat Council says the Soviet
people will be eating bread and potatoes during the winter if Western countries
fail to respond with massive aid, but terms fears of actual famine unfounded.

A team from the U.S. agriculture department, just returned from a fact-finding
trip, also discounts widespread famine but anticipates "food hardship" in the
Russian republic and some other areas. A European Community commissioner, Frans
Andriessen, also a recent visitor to the Soviet Union, notes there have been
great difficulties in distributing just $ 300 million in food aid agreed to by
the Europeans last December.

Nevertheless, it is vital that the rich industrialized countries be generous and
humane in responding to Soviet appeals for short- term emergency food aid as
well as for technical assistance.

A hungry people in a still heavily armed country going through a political
revolution is a dangerous combination. A failure by the new democratic
governments of the various parts of the Soviet Union to feed their populations
this winter could bring on an autocratic counter-revolution.

This would be in nobody's interests.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 31, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

Pa. Health Department wants AIDS patients' names reported

SECTION: NATIONAL; MEDICAL DIGEST; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA; CARROLLTON, Ga.; BELLEVILLE, Ill.; WASHINGTON



The Pennsylvania Department of Health wants medical laboratories to report  the
names, addresses, ages, sex and race of patients with white blood-cell  counts
low enough to signal possible AIDS infections. Critics said reporting  such
cases by name tramples on individuals' rights to privacy and may  discourage
people from getting tested or treated for AIDS. It also could lead  to mistaken
identification of AIDS among people who suffer from other  disorders affecting
white blood cells. The request - which is not mandatory -  was issued by the
health department on Jan. 4. It was drafted to better track  the spread of AIDS
under an expanded definition of the disease the federal  government began using
last year. Dr. Bobby Jones, state director of AIDS  epidemiology, said all names
would be kept confidential. States are required  by law to report their number
of AIDS cases to federal health officials. But  not all doctors comply.

Meningitis strikes Ga. town

CARROLLTON, Ga. - Panic swept through this west Georgia city when bacterial
meningitis struck seven people. One person died, and the state spent $ 180,000
to help pay for immunizations this weekend for 20,000 residents. The Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention investigated the outbreak and found that
none of the victims knows each other, lives near each other or had any other
discernible links. Meningitis, which isn't transmitted through water, is
inflammation of the fluid and membrane that surround the brain and spinal  cord.
Bacterial meningitis, the most severe form of the disease, can kill or  cause
permanent brain damage. It typically strikes people under 30, although  doctors
don't know why. The germs that cause meningitis aren't really that  rare - as
many as 10 percent of Americans carry the bacteria in their throats.  But there
are only about 2,600 active cases a year.

Tobacco firm wins liability suit

BELLEVILLE, Ill. - A dying man lost his fight to hold the tobacco industry
responsible for smoking's ills, but anti-smoking forces say the war has just
begun. The 10-week trial had gained national attention because it was the  first
of its type since the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that warning labels do  not
protect cigarette makers from lawsuits. St. Clair County jurors late  Friday
rejected Charles Kueper's claims that R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. and the  Tobacco
Institute conspired to conceal the dangers of smoking and thereby  helped cause
his lung cancer. Kueper's attorney had sought as much as  $ 48-million in
damages. Tobacco attorneys argued that Kueper, 51, chose to  smoke almost two
packs of Winstons a day even though he knew about warning  labels on cigarette
packages that began appearing in 1966. As many as 60 more  liability cases are
set to be heard.

USDA meat guidelines defended

WASHINGTON - Secretary of Agriculture Mike Espy says the government has a
"moral responsibility" to the victims of food-borne illnesses in the Pacific
Northwest but thinks federal safety guidelines were obeyed. At a news
conference Friday, Espy said he planned no immediate changes in the way meat
and poultry are inspected "until all the research is in." Two children died  and
250 other people became sick this month from a rare strain of E. coli  bacteria,
mostly traced to meat served at Jack in the Box restaurants. Jack in  the Box
said the tainted meat went to Washington, Idaho, California, Nevada,  Hawaii,
Hong Kong and Mexico. Consumer advocates say the outbreak is due to  the failure
of the Agriculture Department's Food and Safety Inspection Service  to analyze
meat for microbes.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           August 1, 1990, Wednesday

US PROBES ROLE OF AGENT IN SHIPMENTS OF FOOD AID

BYLINE: ROSE A. HOROWITZ; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1032 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is investigating alleged conflicts of
interests by a shipping agent handling transportation of U.S. government food
aid for several African countries, a USDA official said.

Universal Shipping Co., Arlington, Va., is under investigation by the USDA's
office of the inspector general, David Dickson, director of the program
investigations division, told The Journal of Commerce. He said the agency is
ooking at two instances, involving shipments to Senegal and Madagascar.

Robert K. Powell, Universal Shipping president, said he was not aware of the
USDA's investigation of the company. Mr. Powell denied any allegations of
conflict of interest and said the company acted properly.

"We encourage as much competition as possible," said Paul F. Hannum, executive
vice president of Universal, when asked about charges involving possible
conflict of interest. "Our objective is to get the lowest price or rate that we
can obtain," he said.

Universal represents Senegal, Zambia and Yemen as agents in the Food for Peace
program for the present fiscal year, USDA records show. Mr. Hannum said the
company also represents Madagascar, Mozambique and Ecuador.

Universal booked about $ 8.6 million in ocean transportation financed by the
U.S. government as agent for Senegal and Madagascar in the last several years,
according to figures from the USDA. The department's investigation of Universal
involves the company's representation of these two countries in the program.

Despite years of allegations about possible fraud and inefficiencies in the
transportation system for shipping food to countries suffering from famine, the
program continues to be riddled with problems. "It's a hornet's nest," said one
government official.

The biggest shipping agent in the Food for Peace program, Star Trading & Marine
Inc., is under investigation by the U.S. attorney in the District of Columbia
for possible violation of conflict-of-interest laws and questions involving
commission fees.

As reported previously in The Journal of Commerce, the USDA inspector general
submitted a report Sept. 12, 1988, to the U.S. attorney on Washington- based
Star Trading. The company represents Egypt, the biggest recipient of U.S. food-
aid cargoes.

"It's not a case of it sitting at the U.S. attorney's," said Mr. Dickson. "It's
under active investigation." The U.S. attorney's office for the District of
Columbia declined to comment on the case.

Star Trading did not respond to calls and written requests for comment. Its
president, Saeed M. Sheik, has said in the past that the company acted properly.
Star Trading has said the investigation will show that it has followed all
guidelines and obeyed all laws.

The company has booked about $ 184 million in ship transportation financed by
the U.S. government for relief cargoes during the past six years, according to
USDA records. Using an estimate of a maximum commission set by the USDA, those
bookings resulted in at least $ 3 million in commission fees for the company.

The questions raised about the Food for Peace program have led to proposed
congressional legislation that would reform the transportation system for the $
1.5 billion program as part of the 1990 farm bill.

The Food for Peace program, established under Public Law 480, is designed to
deliver commodities like grain and rice to needy countries at the lowest cost.
Recipient countries generally appoint shipping agents to handle bidding and
contracting for commodities and transporting the food-aid cargoes. The USDA
administers the loan sales under the program.

SUIT LAUNCHED PROBE

The USDA case opened this year concerning Universal stems from a lawsuit filed
in federal court by Connell Rice & Sugar Co., of Westfield, N.J. The lawsuit
charges Universal with racketeering and conspiracy to defraud Connell, Senegal
and the U.S. government.

"I can confirm we're looking into aspects of the Connell suit," said Mr.
Dickson. "If we believe there are criminal aspects, it will be referred to the
Department of Justice," he said.

The USDA's second investigation of Universal regards a potential conflict of
interest involving its role as shipping agent for Madagascar and shipping broker
(an agent for a shipowner or operator) for Intermarine Ltd. of Piraeus, Greece,
a foreign shipping company, on the same Food for Peace transaction, according to
documents obtained by this newspaper.

Mr. Dickson confirmed the USDA also was investigating allegations involving
conflict of interest in Universal's arrangements for bagging food-aid cargoes
for Madagascar.

In the lawsuit filed this year, Connell charges Universal with conflict of
interest in representing Senegal as a shipping agent and awarding the freight
bid to carry rice to a vessel, the Calrice Transport, while acting as a ship
broker for the Calrice in a food-aid shipment for Sierra Leone. Connell also
claims that Universal had commercial interests in booking the Calrice.

'A NORMAL TRANSACTION'

Asked about Connell's charges, Mr. Powell said, "I certainly deny all of that,
and the group that's been hurt is Senegal and, frankly ourselves, as a result of
all of this. This transaction was handled as a normal transaction under PL-480
regulations," he said.

Mr. Powell said the operator of the Calrice had assured the USDA and Universal
that it could return from its voyage to Sierra Leone to load rice for Senegal at
U.S. Gulf ports by Sept. 30, 1987, the day the freight contract expired. The
ship arrived 27 days late at the U.S. port.

Of all the freight bids submitted for the shipment for Senegal, the Calrice was
"in excess of $ 12 (a ton) cheaper than the next U.S.-flag (vessel)," Mr. Powell
said. "It's absurd to say it's a conflict of interest because the vessel was
offered to Senegal for $ 12 less," he said.

"We deny all of it," said Thomas Olp, a partner with the law firm Ross & Hardies
in Washington, which is representing Universal in the Connell lawsuit. "In our
view, they (Connell) show a misunderstanding of the industry and the facts of
this transaction. They're 180 degrees wrong on every issue they talk about," Mr.
Olp said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: FOOD FOR PEACE? FOOD FOR PROFIT? UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          International Medical Corp.

                              12400 Wilshire Blvd
                                    Ste 1500
                             Los Angeles,  CA 90025
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 310-826-7800
URL: http://www.internationalmedicalcorps.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/internationalmedicalcorps
http://www.linkedin.com/company/international-medical-corps
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/14/FAM3CQWGEco
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/18/jePM2clbH3c
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/26/xZ9t72rBxEg
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/4/ROQfwyW9u18
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/5/ROQfwyW9u18
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/74/Wz-sMfrt80A
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/82/dQQ92kZAvxk
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/84/niko_zDRnus
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/87/lD87MfjyJVA
http://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg#p/u/88/ep3tGjNMXao
https://twitter.com/imc_worldwide
https://www.youtube.com/user/IMCworldwideDotOrg

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 46791644

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  XLarge (5001+ Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
International Medical Corp. is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on
Beds, Boats, Cleaning Supplies, Cyclones, First Aid, and 14 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. International Medical Corp. does
business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as
23 other major Manufacturing Industries. International Medical Corp. has at
least 4 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Nonprofit Organization Management

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
62423000
SIC CODES:
83220303
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Beds
     ·    Boats
     ·    Cleaning Supplies
     ·    Cyclones
     ·    First Aid
     ·    Mobile Clinics
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Pharmaceuticals
     ·    Posts
     ·    Shelters
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Shelters
     ·    Tents


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Delivery Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gold
     ·    Indium
     ·    Rare Earth


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $100 - 999.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Ambulances, Antibiotics, Backdrops, Backgrounds, Beds,
Belts, Biologicals, Boats, Burlap, Buses, Calendars, Cleaning Supplies,
Clothing, Columbium, Communications Equipment, Compounds, Coping, Cradles,
Credit Cards, Cyclones, Delivery Services, Derivatives, Diapers, Dressing Rooms,
Electricity, Electrocardiographs, Elements, Feeds, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flags, Footballs, Globes, Gold, Governors, Helicopters, Horns, Hubs, Indium,
Lights, Measures, Mechanisms, Mobile Clinics, Nets, Overalls, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Photography, Playground Equipment, Posts, Radios, Ramps, Rare
Earth, Rounds, Scales, Scopes, Seats, Seed, Sheets, Shelters, Siennas, Soap,
Solutions, Springs, Stethoscopes, Tablets, Targets, Telecommunications
Equipment, Tents, Time Systems, Toggles, Toilets, Training Workshops,
Transitions, Transmissions, Water Cans, Wire, X-Ray, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 22, 1995, Saturday, THREE STAR Edition

CONGRESS OKS '95 CUTBACKS; BILL SLASHES $ 16.4 BILLION FROM SPENDING TILL OCT. 1

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate ended four months of partisan wrangling over a bill to cut this
year's spending by $ 16.4 billion, passing it Friday on a 90-7 vote and sending
it to the White House.

The support for the bill, which President Bill Clinton has said he will sign,
belied the rancorous debate that raged in both houses - and between the
president and the Republican-controlled Congress.

Cuts for education, job training and several programs that help the poor were
the main points of contention in the so-called rescissions bill, which rolls
back spending in the $ 1.5 trillion budget for the current fiscal year, which
ends Sept. 30.

"If you think this was a struggle, wait'll you see what's coming," said Sen.
Paul Wellstone, D-Minn., who had held up the rescissions bill since early July
in an unsuccessful attempt to restore $ 319 million in home heating and cooling
subsidies to low-income people, a program known as LIHEAP. "This is just the
beginning."

In its original effort, the bill cut even deeper into domestic spending to
offset the cost of disaster aid for California's earthquake , the Oklahoma City
bombing and 36 other states. Clinton, on June 7, vetoed that bill.

After nearly a month of negotiations between the White House and Republican
congressional leaders, the House passed a recycled version of the bill that
restored $ 772 million in education, job-training, environmental and other
domestic programs favored by the administration.

But the bill got snagged in the Senate when Wellstone and Sen. Carol
Moseley-Braun, D-Ill., objected to cuts in the heating and energy assistance
program for low-income people and some inner-city school construction funds.

After weeks of haggling, Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole, R-Kan., agreed to give
the dissident senators an up-or-down vote on separate amendments to put back
money for the energy assistance and school programs.

Those amendments were defeated Friday, on largely party-line votes. But the
Wellstone-Braun rebellion clearly demonstrated that future efforts to cut
spending mainly at the expense of low-income families will be met with ferocious
opposition.

In its final form, the bill going to the president's desk provides $ 6.5 billion
in disaster aid to California, Oklahoma and 36 other states. The measure also
contains $ 275 million in new spending to relieve part of Jordan's debt to the
United States.

It slashes federal housing programs for the poor and cuts spending for space
programs, job training, transportation, schools and colleges, child care, drug
enforcement, community service, and housing for AIDS victims.

Other Measures

Fiscal conservatives and urban liberals in the House failed in a 261-154 vote to
kill the Agriculture Department's $ 110 million Market Promotion Program, which
has helped big food companies advertise overseas.

Then, by 313-78, the House passed a $ 62.5 billion measure financing the
Agriculture Department and the Food and Drug Administration. The bill would cut
spending $ 5.5 billion from current levels, mostly from lower farm payments and
elimination of a $ 2.5 billion reserve for food stamp spending.

The White House has threatened a veto because of changes in the food stamp
program and cuts in money for rural housing, water and sewer plants and economic
development.

The Senate approved 84-10 an $ 11.2 billion military construction measure
boosting this year's spending by $ 2.5 billion. The bill included $ 774 million
in projects senators added that were not requested by the Pentagon.

The bill now goes to House-Senate negotiators, who will resolve differences
between it and a similar measure passed by the House.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo by AP - Slum children demonstrate outside a government office in
Port au Prince, Haiti, Friday against the exploitation of children. The sign, in
Creole, reads "Bourgoisie, stop making money off our backs." More than 100
children took part in the protest.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 20, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Food banks have less to work with as they try to meet holiday demand;
Donations of U.S. surplus food, private cash down

BYLINE: Wendy Koch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 386 words


The nation's food banks are scrambling to serve a growing demand for help during
the holidays at a time when government food donations and private cash
contributions have fallen.

More people are asking for food even as the amount of government commodities
available -- milk, cheese, canned goods and other staples -- is down 55% from
2005, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. A second USDA program of
emergency food aid has stayed about the same. Together, they supply about
one-fourth of what food banks give away.

USDA buys fewer commodities when it has less need to boost farm prices. It gives
80% of purchases to America's Second Harvest, a network of more than 200 food
banks.

The loss of USDA commodities is "huge," says Paul Ash of the San Francisco Food
Bank. He says his group is increasing visits to stores to pick up food with
"sell by" dates about to expire.

Ash says the Bay Area's cost of living is forcing more low-income workers to
seek help. He has managed to increase his holiday distribution 35% this year but
says that remains "far short" of the need.

High rents have increased demand in Hawaii, doubling it in some areas, says Dick
Grimm, president of Hawaii Foodbank.

Demand is up 34% from two years ago in the Dallas area, says Colleen Brinkmann
of the North Texas Food Bank, and 39% from five years ago in Washington, D.C.,
and its suburbs, says Brian Smith of the Capital Area Food Bank.

"We have a lot of empty racks in our warehouse. That's unusual," says Carey
Miller of the Food Bank of Iowa.

Despite reports of higher demand, a USDA report last week said the number of
people who couldn't put food on the table at least part of the year fell in 2005
to 35 million, down from 38 million in 2004. It was the first decline in six
years. But the report found the number of those worst off increased slightly.

High fuel prices this year have hurt many low-wage earners by forcing them to
choose between heating their homes or buying food, says Maura Daly of America's
Second Harvest.

Daly says the network is trying to expand programs, relying partly on a 3% rise
this year in private food donations. She says financial donations this year are
down 9% from 2005, not counting relief funds received after Hurricane Katrina.

"Every food bank will tell you," she says, "they need more food."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Karl Gelles, USA TODAY, Source: Dept. of Agriculture
(bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                            February 7, 2005, Monday

CAPITAL IDEAS / Hard-fought race makes appointments attractive

BYLINE: Mark Schreiner

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 672 words


RALEIGH | One day before the weeks-long struggle to name a winner in the North
Carolina agriculture commissioner's race finally ended, state Sen. Charlie
Albertson proposed that it be an appointed job.

That was a big step considering the great weight the state's agricultural
community gives the commissioner's job and that Mr. Albertson, as Senate
agriculture chairman, is often the voice of the farm and agribusiness
communities in that chamber.

The senator, a Democrat from Duplin County, has filed a bill that would ask
voters to drastically cut the number of statewide elected officials. He said the
drawn-out elections for ag chief and state school superintendent provided some
of the inspiration for Senate Bill 56.

"And it's also about government efficiency," the senator said. "It's about
streamlining the government."

The bill would ask voters to convert the posts of secretary of state, state
school superintendent, commissioner of labor, commissioner of insurance and
agriculture commissioner to appointive, rather than elective, jobs. With 10
state elected offices, North Carolina has more than any other state except North
Dakota, which also has 10.

On Friday, the N.C State Board of Elections ended the uncertainty in the
agriculture commissioner race, which had been caused by the loss of about 4,400
votes in Carteret County, by certifying Republican challenger Steve Troxler as
the winner. Britt Cobb, the Democratic candidate and current ag commissioner,
conceded the race almost immediately.

Mr. Alberton's notion is not a new one. When news came last session that the
state school superintendent wasn't going to seek re-election, senators took up a
measure to convert the job to an appointive one. Of all the state offices, it
was figured, that one made the most sense to change since the elected
superintendent must carry out policies of a state Board of Education, which
could be appointed by officials from a different political party. The bill
passed the Senate but died in a House committee.

So the superintendent's post remains an elected one, and that race was still
unsettled last week. The state Supreme Court appeared to hand a victory to the
Republican candidate, Bill Fletcher, on Friday by ruling that provisional
ballots cast in the wrong precinct can't be lawfully counted. But the effect on
his race with Democrat June Atkinson was unclear late last week.

INCLUDED, TOO: Much of last week's discussion at the legislature about hurricane
relief rightly centered on the western part of the state devastated by Hurricane
Ivan. But included in the proposed relief bill are two lines that draw
Southeastern North Carolina into the effort.

Senate Bill 7 (and its House companion, House Bill 24) includes references to
2004's Tropical Storm Bonnie and Hurricane Charley. It notes in an extensive
preamble that these storms hit the southeastern part of the state and caused
damage. The bill's drafters also noted that federal aid was denied and that the
area may become eligible for some sort of state aid.

Further down, a section lists the counties eligible for the hurricane relief
fund established by the bill. Included are counties covered by federal disaster
declarations, and that includes Bladen and Columbus counties, brought into the
Hurricane Frances declaration because they are contiguous to Robeson County,
where damage was significant.

Federal aid has flowed the counties, particularly to Bladen, even through
emergency management officials say there was no damage reported there to them
after the storm. Federal officials maintain that the $ 2.5 million in damage
claims meet specifications.

State Rep. Edd Nye, D-Bladen - an insurance agent - said he knew of no private
insurance adjusters who visited the county after Hurricane Frances.

At the end of last week there was no indication when the bills would be debated.

Mark Schreiner is chief of the Star-News bureau in Raleigh. Reach Mark at (919)
835-1434 or mark.schreinerstarnewsonline.com.



LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     March 9, 1989, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Daimler-Benz wins aid for Airbus consortium

BYLINE: Financial Times of London and Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 316 words

DATELINE: Brussels,Belgium


  The European Community yesterday approved a West German subsidy package for
the Airbus project that could exacerbate U.S. frustration over government aid.

Bonn is to pay about 3.9 billion deutschemarks in subsidies to a
yet-to-be-created subsidiary of aerospace firm Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm. The
subsidiary will oversee West Germany's 37.9% stake in the four-nation Airbus
Industrie consortium.

The aid package, part of which will cover MBB's share of Airbus's currency risks
until the year 2000, was demanded by Daimler-Benz as a condition for agreeing to
take over MBB, 51% of whose capital is in public hands.

This is one of the biggest state subsidies ever given the go-ahead from the
Brussels authorities and represents the removal of an important potential
barrier to what the Commission considers a strategically important takeover for
the European aircraft industry.

The plan is also awaiting clearance from West Germany's national cartel office
but an official said the office has no objection to the bid.

Daimler, maker of Mercedes cars, will initially buy 30% of MBB before increasing
its stake to more than 50%.

The new aid package brings Bonn's total subsidies to about 10 billion
deutschemarks for the project.

Beginning in the year 2000, Daimler will take over all financial responsibility
for West Germany's share in the consortium, effectively privatizing the
country's participation in the project.

But, using criteria that could infuriate U.S. aerospace firms, the commission
made it clear it had based its decision on the need to strengthen European
aeronautics.

Seattle-based Boeing Co. and McDonnell Douglas Corp. of St. Louis have
complained about the subsidies. Former trade representative Clayton Yeutter, now
Agriculture secretary, called Bonn's aid package ''very disturbing'' when it was
first unveiled in November.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 10, 1992, Tuesday

THE SOUTH IN BRIEF 3 indicted in poultry plant fire deaths

BYLINE: By Darryl Maxie STAFF WRITERfires; food; industry; deaths; trials;
congressmen; retirement; aid; blacks; agriculture; georgia; education; aid;
military; families

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 423 words


NORTH CAROLINA: The owner of Imperial Food Products Inc., his son and an
employee were indicted Monday by a Richmond County grand jury on 25 counts each
of involuntary manslaughter in connection with a 1991 poultry-processing plant
fire that killed 25 people.

Indicted were owner Emmett J. Roe; his son, Brad M. Roe, who was director of
operations at the Hamlet plant where the fire occurred Sept. 3; and plant
manager James N. Hair. The fire at the plant in Hamlet, a community 60 miles
southwest of Fayetteville, injured 56. Federal officials said the plant had no
fire alarm or sprinkler system and that its exits were unmarked and its doors
were locked.

The grand jury rejected District Attorney Carroll Lowder's request to indict the
plant's maintenance supervisor, Kimlee B. Mangus, on the same charges.

ALABAMA: Longtime congressman to retire. U.S. Rep. William L. Dickinson, the
senior Republican on the House Armed Services Committee, has announced that he
will not seek a 15th term from his southeast Alabama district because he doesn't
want to oversee dramatic military cutbacks. Mr. Dickinson, whose district
includes major Army and Air Force installations, said in Montgomery on Monday
that he spent his entire 28- year congressional career building a strong
military force. "I'm not anxious to take part in the dismantling of our defense
establishment," Mr. Dickinson said. He said he would resume practicing law.

GEORGIA: Black farmers to rally for aid. Black farmers plan to hold rallies at
state capitols throughout the Southeast over the next five months in an effort
to mobilize 5,000 people to march on Washington to seek funds to save the
shrinking number of black-owned farms. According to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, blacks owned 15 million acres in the South in 1920, compared to 3.5
million today. In 1978 there were 57,271 black farmers, compared to 22,954
today. The group plans to go to the nation's Capitol in August, Ralph Paige,
executive director of the Federation of Southern Cooperatives Land Assistance
Fund, said Monday in Atlanta.

VIRGINIA: Confederate scholarship awarded. Dr. Rebecca G. Watts, a medical
researcher at the Medical College of Virginia, is one of 14 scholars nationwide
to get a $ 12,000 fellowship from a fund established to aid the kin of people
who served in the Confederate army. Dr. Watts is the great-great-granddaughter
of John Binford Knibb, who was a chaplain in the Confederate infantry when Gen.
Robert E. Lee surrendered at Appomattox in April 1865.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Emmett Roe

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             Whisper Hearing Center

                              750 Las Gallinas Ave
                                    Ste 103
                             San Rafael,  CA 94903
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 415-492-8888
URL: http://www.whisperhearing.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 38042162

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Whisper Hearing Center is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Charms, Hearing Aids, Platforms, Solutions, Computer Chips, and 9 other Product
& Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Whisper Hearing Center does
business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 23
other major Manufacturing Industries. Whisper Hearing Center has at least 7
business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Schedule an appointment with an audiologist at a Whisper Hearing Center near
you. Hearing Aids - Hearing Tests - Hearing Care Services"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; All Other Health and
Personal Care Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33451002
SIC CODES:
59990903
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Charms
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Platforms
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Computer Chips


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Earplugs
     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Custom Fittings
     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Polymers


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alcohol, Angles, Antibiotics, Automobiles, Backgrounds,
Baseballs, Basketballs, Battery Testers, Bells, Bicycles, Boosters, Bowls,
Brakes, Buttons, Caffeine, Can Handles, Candy, Channels, Charms, Chemicals,
Columbium, Computer Chips, Consoles, Coping, Cosmetics, Crystal, Custom
Fittings, Domes, Drums, Duck, DVD Players, Earphones, Earplugs, Eliminators,
Extenders, Felt, Filters, Fire Safety, Firearms, Footballs, Games, Garages,
Generators, Glass, Gold, Guards, Guides, Headsets, Hearing Aid Batteries,
Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection, Jars, Jet Engines, Jets, Lace, Lights,
Machinery, Masks, Measures, Mezzanines, Micro Computers, Microphones,
Motorcycles, Nets, Noise Generators, Novelties, Organs, Oscillators, Overalls,
Oxygen, Panels, Platforms, Polymers, Posts, Profiles, Puzzles, Radios,
Receivers, Remote Controls, Rings, Rocker Switches, Rockers, Safety Equipment,
Salt, Sanders, Screwdrivers, Security Systems, Sheds, Sheets, Shotguns, Signals,
Sirens, Snowmobiles, Solutions, Speakers, Spices, Sporting Goods, Sprays,
Springs, Suits, Sweeps, T-Shirts, Tables, Targets, Telephones, Testers, Testing
Services, Thermometers, Towers, Transitions, Transmissions, Vessels, Volume
Controls, Warning Signs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

USDA expands drought aid in Louisiana, Mississippi

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 399  words


Farmers and ranchers in two-thirds of Louisiana's parishes and nearly 60 percent
of Mississippi's counties are now eligible for drought disaster aid, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture said.

In a news release Wednesday, the department named 25 Louisiana parishes as
primary drought disaster areas. Another 16 are eligible because they're adjacent
to those parishes. Eight of those 41 parishes also are contiguous with primary
disaster areas in Mississippi.

In Mississippi, USDA named 19 counties as primary disaster areas, and 27 as
contiguous. Eleven, including two that were not already on Mississippi's list,
are adjacent to drought disaster areas in Louisiana, for a total of 48.

Parishes and counties now eligible for aid:

Louisiana primary: Allen, Avoyelles, Beauregard, Catahoula, Concordia, East
Baton Rouge, East Carroll, East Feliciana, Evangeline, Franklin, Grant, LaSalle,
Livingston, Madison, Pointe Coupee, Rapides, Sabine, St Helena, St Landry,
Tangipahoa, Tensas, Vernon, Washington, West Carroll, West Feliciana.

Louisiana contiguous: Acadia, Ascension, Calcasieu, Caldwell, De Soto,
Iberville, Jefferson Davis, Lafayette, Morehouse, Natchitoches, Richland, St.
John the Baptist, St. Martin, St. Tammany, West Baton Rouge, Winn.

Mississippi primary: Adams, Amite, Bolivar, Choctaw, Covington, Jasper,
Jefferson, Jefferson Davis, Jones, Lamar, Marion, Montgomery, Neshoba, Newton,
Pearl River, Pike, Walthall, Wilkinson, Winston.

Mississippi contiguous: Attala, Carroll, Claiborne, Clarke, Coahoma, Copiah,
Forrest, Franklin, Grenada, Hancock, Harrison, Kemper, Lauderdale, Lawrence,
Leake, Lincoln, Noxubee, Oktibbeha, Perry, Scott, Simpson, Smith, Stone,
Sunflower, Washington, Wayne, Webster.

Mississippi contiguous to Louisiana primary drought areas and not on other
lists: Issaquena, Warren.

Farmers in those areas have eight months to apply for low-interest emergency
loans from the Farm Service Agency.

The agency also has other programs to help farmers and ranchers. It said those
include the Livestock Forage Disaster Program, the Livestock Indemnity Program,
the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish Program,
and the Tree Assistance Program.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 24, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Votes in Congress

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 50;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 611 words


Tally Last Week in Connecticut, New Jersey and New York

House

1. Park System: Vote on a bill to create a special commission to recommend which
of the country's national parks might be closed. Rejected 231 to 180, Sept. 19.

2. Speed Limits: Vote on an amendment to a major highway bill that would delete
a provision repealing the Federal speed limit of 55 miles per hour for all
vehicles. Rejected 313 to 112, Sept. 20.

3. Cuba: Vote on a bill that would tighten the trade embargo against Cuba.
Approved 294 to 130, Sept. 21.

Connecticut

1. Kennelly (D) . . .  N Y Y
2. Gejdenson (D) . . .  A Y N
3. DeLauro (D) . . .  N Y N
4. Shays (R) . . .  N N Y
5. Franks (R) . . .  Y N Y
6. Johnson (R) . . .  Y N Y

New Jersey

1. Andrews (D) . . .  N N Y
2. LoBiondo (R) . . .  N N Y
3. Saxton (R) . . .  Y N Y
4. Smith (R) . . .  N N Y
5. Roukema (R) . . .  Y A Y
6. Pallone (D) . . .  N Y Y
7. Franks (R) . . .  Y N Y
8. Martini (R) . . .  N N Y
9. Torricelli (D) . . .  N NY
10. Payne (D) . . .  N Y N
11. Frelinghuysen (R) . . .  N N Y
12. Zimmer (R) . . .  N N Y
13. Menendez (D) . . .  N Y Y

New York

1. Forbes (R) . . .  N N Y
2. Lazio (R) . . .  N N Y
3. King (R) . . .  Y N Y
4. Frisa (R) . . .  N N Y
5. Ackerman (D) . . .  N N Y
6. Flake (D) . . .  N N N
7. Manton (D) . . .  N Y Y
8. Nadler (D) . . .  N Y N
9. Schumer (D) . . .  N N N
10. Towns (D) . . .  N N N
11. Owens (D) . . .  N Y N
12. Velazquez (D) . . .  N Y N
13. Molinari (D) . . .  N YY
14. Maloney (D) . . .  N Y N
15. Rangel (D) . . .  Y Y N
16. Serrano (D) . . .  N Y N
17. Engel (D) . . .  N Y Y
18. Lowey (D) . . .  N YN
19. Kelly (R) . . .  N N Y
20. Gilman (R) . . .  Y Y Y
21. McNulty (D) . . .  Y Y Y
22. Solomon (R) . . .  N N Y
23. Boehlert (R) . . .  YY Y
24. McHugh (R) . . .  N N Y
25. Walsh (R) . . .  N N Y
26. Hinchey (D) . . .  N Y N
27. Paxon (R) . . .  Y N Y
28. Slaughter (D) . . .  N Y N
29. LaFalce (D) . . .  N Y N
30. Quinn (R) . . .  N N Y
31. Houghton (R) . . .  Y N Y

KEY: Y Yea; N Nay; (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.

Senate

1. Welfare: Vote on a welfare reform bill that would abolish the basic Federal
guarantee of assistance for every poor family that qualifies and replace it with
a block grant to the states that would give them broad discretion in the design
of their programs. Approved 87 to 12, Sept. 19.

2. Poultry: Vote to kill a provision in an Agriculture Department appropriation
bill that would block a new department rule that says chickens and turkeys
cannot be sold as fresh if they have been chilled below 26 degrees. Rejected 61
to 38, Sept. 19.

3. Mink: Vote to kill an amendment to an Agriculture Department appropriation
bill that would eliminate the Government's annual $2 million subsidy to the mink
industry for overseas fashion shows. Rejected 78 to 18, Sept. 19.

4. Pakistan: Vote on an amendment to a foreign aid appropriation bill that would
lift all economic sanctions and some important military sanctions imposed on
Pakistan five years ago because of its secret nuclear weapons program. Approved
55 to 45, Sept. 21.

Connecticut
Dodd (D) . . .  Y Y N Y
Lieberman (D) . . .  Y Y N N
New Jersey
Bradley (D) . . .  N Y N N

New Jersey (cont'd)
Lautenberg (D) . . .  N Y N N
New York
D'Amato (R) . . .  Y N N N
Moynihan (D) . . .  N Y N N

KEY: Y Yea; N Nay; (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            South Kitsap Fire Rescue

                                216 Prospect St
                            Port Orchard,  WA 98366
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 360-876-8600
URL: http://www.skfr.org/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 17157779

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, ASTM
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
South Kitsap Fire Rescue is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed
on Seats, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Rentals, Repair Services, and 7 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. South Kitsap Fire Rescue
does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well
as 33 other major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via
it's website thusly: "South Kitsap Fire and Rescue is currently governed by a
Board of five elected Fire Commissioners. They manage and oversee the general
operation of the South Kitsap Fire and Rescue, as well as the financial
oversight. The Commissioners are elected for six year, staggered terms, and
provide a direct"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Fire Protection

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
92216000
SIC CODES:
92240000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Seats


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Seats
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals
     ·    Repair Services
     ·    Shredding Services
     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gold
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Plywood
     ·    Steel



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Air Compressors, Aircraft, Alcohol, Ambulances,
Antennas, Appliances, Architects, Backgrounds, Badges, Banners, Barrels,
Baseballs, Baseboard Heaters, Baseboards, Basketballs, Beds, Belts, Bicycles,
Boats, Boosters, Boots, Bowls, Braces, Briquettes, Brushes, Burners, Buttons,
Calendars, Candles, Canoes, Carbon, Carbon Monoxide Detectors, Cardboard,
Cardboard Boxes, Catalysts, Chairs, Charcoal, Charcoal Briquettes, Chemicals,
Chests, Chimneys, Chokes, Cleaners, Clothing, Coins, Columbium, Combustion
Chambers, Compressors, Computer Hardware, Consumer Products, Containers,
Contaminants, Cooktops, Copiers, Cord, Coveralls, Credit Cards, Curbs, Decks,
Desks, Dials, Display Signs, Electricity, Elements, Emergency Kits, Employment
Agencies, Exhaust Hoods, Extension Cords, Faucets, Feeds, Feet, Felt, Fences,
Filters, Fire Extinguishers, Fire Safety, Fire Sprinklers, First Aid, First Aid
Kits, Footballs, Forming, Furniture, Fuses, Garages, Gas Burners, Gears, General
Office Supplies, Gold, Guards, Guides, Guns, Hand Tools, Hardware, Hats,
Hazardous Materials, Heat Detectors, Heating Elements, Helmets, High Chairs,
Hoods, Ice, Iron, Jackets, Jewelry, Kayaks, Life Vests, Lifts, Lighters,
Lighting, Lighting Fixtures, Lights, Limiters, Lumber, Mattresses, Measures,
Metal Containers, Microwave, Motorcycles, Nameplates, Natural Gas, Overalls,
Oxygen, Pants, Paper Clips, Patches, Pillows, Pins, Plastic Bags, Plastics,
Plywood, Poles, Positioners, Postage Meters, Posts, Profiles, Protectors,
Radios, Rentals, Repair & Maintenance, Repair Services, Replacement Parts,
Restraints, Rounds, Sacks, Satellites, Scales, Scopes, Scrap, Seat Belts, Seats,
Sheets, Shelters, Shirts, Shoes, Shovels, Shredding Services, Sign Boards,
Sinks, Skis, Small Tools, Smoke Detectors, Sockets, Softballs, Solutions, Space
Heaters, Spark Arresters, Springs, Sprinklers, Stair Gates, Stairs, Steel,
Stickers, Strategic Planning, T-Shirts, Tables, Tags, Targets, Terminations,
Thermostats, Timbers, Towers, Toy Parts, Transitions, Tubs, Uniforms, Vests,
Water Heaters, Wire, Wire Mesh

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Land (Mankato, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday

Murdock-area farmer tackles D.C. bureaucratic challenges

BYLINE: Dick Hagen, The Land, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1124 words


Apr. 8--April 8, 2010

Murdock-area farmer tackles D.C. bureaucratic challenges

--Murdock farmer Mike Yost is back home being a Swift County farmer. But
beginning in 2006 he had a most intriguing, and challenging three-year hitch in
Washington, D.C., heading up the Foreign Agricultural Service, a vital arm of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture that directly impacts U.S. agricultural
trade. Yost was the first farmer to ever lead the FAS, a government agency
dating back to 1953.

Getting acclimated to the bureaucracy of Washington, D.C., is itself a
challenge, especially for a Minnesota farmer more comfortable growing corn,
soybeans and alfalfa. Yost told the audience at a Feb. 16 marketing seminar
sponsored by the Linder Farm Network in Willmar, that the FAS currently has more
than 90 offices around the world. Yet it's a relatively small agency by
Washington standards with less than 900 employees. "It is so under-appreciated
for what it brings to the table," Yost said.

The FAS is made up of people constantly looking for marketing opportunities for
American agriculture. They handle all international issues that enter the USDA.
They visit foreign ministry of agriculture offices pointing out when certain
trade rules simply don't make good sense. They also assist when U.S. farmers do
overseas travels to promote trade.

Yost often traveled to these foreign offices and said U.S. agriculture continues
to be envied. "They respect both our tremendous production agriculture and our
ability to move that production to markets around the world."

That same respect seems lacking in Washington. "Very few people in Washington
understand agriculture, and it's getting worse," Yost said, indicating that
agriculture's future with D.C. policy makers is being affected negatively.

"Common sense and good business judgment have limited value in Washington.
Granted there are a lot of well-intended people in Washington, D.C., but they
don't understand production agriculture. Their interaction with agriculture is
their local farmers market."

Yost isn't optimistic that major media will ever get involved telling the real
story about agriculture. "They thrive on 'shock-type' articles. Too often they
have the story written and then come out looking for a tag line that best fits
their angle. We have to go on the offense to get engaged with media people.
Farmers are still considered to be credible spokespeople. Equally significant,
America agriculture has a terrific story to tell."

As expected, there are still turf battles within the USDA and Congress. When
southern Congressmen were key power brokers on ag committees, southern
agriculture usually won. Yost cited for example that in 2002-04 rice growers
were getting 99 cents in government payments for each $1 they received from the
market. But U.S. corn-soybean growers received 11 cents in government payments
for each $1 they received from the marketplace. Thanks to 'southern politics'
$10 billion turned up for the tobacco buyout, albeit this money was assessed to
tobacco companies and not taxpayers.

Yost said that "worm has turned" with the selection of Congressman Collin
Peterson as chairman of the House agriculture committee. "Congressman Peterson
knows production agriculture. He's not an issue, but Sens. Klobuchar and Franken
need to be better informed. They haven't had much experience outside of the
seven-county Twin City metro area. We need to visit them, we need to send them
letters and, equally important, we need to make an impression on their staff
aids," Yost said.

He pointed out that more often than not it's the staff who tees up the issues
for their political bosses. Besides their D.C. staff, Minnesota Congressional
members also have aids at their various state offices and Yost said these
locations are quite accessible, if D.C. isn't.

"Most aides are younger people with pre-conceived ideas and very little
background in agricultural business."

Does President Obama relate to the importance of U.S. agriculture in the total
U.S. economy? "I really don't know," was Yost's blunt response. "My read is that
we are concentrating on issues that can affect agriculture very negatively. In
simpler terms, I think they take for granted where their food comes from. Yet
cap and trade could devastate parts of agriculture. We've got three trade
agreements pending but will there be action on any? Frankly, I don't think the
White House pays much attention to agriculture."

Yet Yost stays optimistic about U.S. agriculture, especially the opportunities
it offers to younger people. "I've been involved in production agriculture my
entire life, both agribusiness and farming, plus this 'government tour' just
concluded. The future for agriculture has never been brighter; global demand for
food is accelerating at a rapid pace and biofuels represent an unprecedented
shift in increased demand for our products.

"But I would tell young people that today and tomorrow's farm is not going to be
like your father's farm. Technology is expanding rapidly, along with changing
consumer demands. And those who accept and adopt to change are the successful
farmers of tomorrow."

Yost projects that the next farm bill will focus more on social issues of
feeding people, food safety, protecting the environment and fiscal restraints on
commodity issues. He is concerned that the Environmental Protection Agency is
becoming a major problem for agriculture. He also questions the public and
political push toward more organic food production. "Going organics means at
least 30 percent more land under cultivation to produce the equivalent amount of
what U.S. farmers are doing today. American consumers can afford organic food,
but the vast majority of the world population cannot."

The FAS is hiring a few people. Historically, education requirements are masters
or PhDs in ag economics. Today that has been expanded to people with
post-graduate degrees in international studies, international trade,
developmental aid or in some cases science such as biotech or food safety. A new
FAS hire would work on market access and trade issues, market promotion and
analysis, developmental and food aid. Most would stay in the D.C. area and would
need to join the foreign service to serve overseas. These are career jobs with
no age discrimination. Salary depends on level of entry.

Text Only

To see more of The Land, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thelandonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Land, Mankato, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100408-XB-Murdock-area-farmer-tackles-D-C-bureaucratic-challenges-0408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XB


                            Copyright 2010 The Land


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 6, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Summit focuses on trade, Soviet aid

BYLINE: Mark Memmott

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 399 words


President Bush arrives in Houston today for an economic summit whose greatest
accomplishment could be a push toward freer trade.

Most experts would be happy if the leaders of the seven countries only agree to
tell their trade negotiators to work harder toward eliminating trade barriers.

That might not sound like much, but such marching orders could eventually
produce important trade agreements, says C. Fred Bergsten, director of the
Institute for International Economics.

The 16th economic summit officially opens Monday.  Attending with Bush: leaders
of Canada, France, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom and West Germany, and Jacques
Delors, president of the Commission of the European Communities.

Two major issues:

- Trade. Bush wants to prod the other leaders into agreeing to give top priority
to a successful conclusion, by late December, of trade talks under way in
Geneva. Those talks aim to liberalize and expand the global system of trade
rules, known as the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT).

The summit nations, and the European Community, are at loggerheads on many GATT
issues. The biggest: agriculture. The USA wants free trade in agriculture.
Japan, however, doesn't want to end its ban on rice imports. And the Europeans
don't want to quickly eliminate subsidies to farmers.

Most likely outcome, experts say: Bush wins a pledge for free trade, but the
agricultural issues are left unsettled. Negotiators are told to work hard and
settle them by December.

- Soviet aid. France, West Germany and the EC want the Western powers to pledge
$ 15 billion to $ 20 billion in aid to the Soviet Union to bolster its economy
and prolong Mikhail Gorbachev's political life. ''The (U.S.S.R.) is hanging by
its threads,'' says William Martin, an EC official in Brussels. ''We've got to
help.''

Bush believes a major aid package would be a waste of money until the U.S.S.R.
has a free-market economy. Japan won't chip in due to a 45-year-old dispute with
the U.S.S.R. over a group of Pacific islands.

Likely compromise: A general agreement to help the Soviets without many
specifics.

Experts say the heads of state will have a tough time coming up with any
substantial agreements. ''When the dust clears, they may not be a lot further
along on any of the issues,'' says Tucker Adams, chief economist at Central
Banks of Colorado.
Contributing: John Hillkirk

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 30, 1989, Friday

INDUSTRY SPLIT ON OPEN BIDDING TO MOVE FOOD-RELIEF CARGOES

BYLINE: MARIE PRAT; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 889 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A month-old U.S. policy requiring open transportation bids on some food-aid
shipments is drawing widely varying reactions, including criticism that the
system is open to abuse.

Initial views - based on five openings in the first month - ranged from strong
support of open bidding to criticism that the lowest bidder doesn't lways get
the cargo.

Many industry officials have mixed feelings about the open bidding. "I like the
open system. At least now I know who is shooting me," said Nadeem kramullah,
president of Washington-based broker Ned Chartering & Trading Inc.

The new policy, put into effect May 25 by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is
aimed at ending years of government and industry criticism of the previous
closed bidding process.

In the first month of the program the bid openings under the new system covered
transportation of cargoes, mostly wheat, to Tunisia, Guyana, Jamaica, Sudan and
Sri Lanka.

Twice, in the Tunisian and Jamaican tenders, the process had to be repeated as
carriers and officials encountered problems in adapting to it.

But the Sri Lankan bidding stirred the most controversy because the lowest
bidder did not get the business.

The lowest bid came from Marine Bulk Carriers Inc. of Secaucus, N.J., and the
second lowest, which got the business, came from Liberty Shipping Group Limited
Partnerships of Lake Success, N.Y. It cost the U.S. government more than $
500,000.

The food aid, or "Food for Peace," program was created in 1954 by Public Law 480
and is administered by the USDA.

Under the previous closed bid procedure, most transportation bids weren't made
public and negotiations were allowed between the importing country and those
bidding.

That raised questions about the process because it left open the possibility
that the importing country - or the agent hired to represent it - could favor
one transportation interest over another in closed-door negotiations.

There were also concerns about potential conflicts of interest because of the
continuing dual system under which agents can represent a country on one bid and
then turn around and represent a vessel in another bid.

The new policy requires bids to be opened and read aloud when the U.S.
government is paying the freight tab. It specifically applies to the program
under Title I of Public Law 480.

That title authorizes the U.S. government to provide low-interest loans with
long repayment periods to developing countries for the purchase of U.S.
agricultural commodities. U.S. shipping law requires that 75 percent of the
cargoes be transported on U.S.-flag vessels.

While the public bidding requirement applies primarily to U.S.-flag vessels, it
would also include foreign-flag carriage financed by the U.S. government.

Some industry officials said the program has already proven itself because it
puts everyone on a level playing field and assures the government pays the
lowest rate possible for transportation.

Others said the program gives no consideration to service and questions such as
the availability of the vessels offered. Still others suggested that, without
negotiations, the government could pay more for transportation.

"Certainly even in this little bit of time it's proven itself," said Tom Maloney
of International Navigation Corp., a Bethesda, Md., a broker that represents
vessel operators in bidding.

In an open bidding process, Mr. Maloney said, there is limited potential for
wrongdoing. He also noted that open bidding forces carriers to offer their best
rate at the outset.

"When a carrier wants a particular business you're going to see some very low
rates offered. It's going to save the government money," said Mr. Maloney.

But another broker, who didn't want to be identified, said it could backfire and
cost the government more because of the absence of negotiations after the
bidding process.

He explained that the business is so closely tracked that carriers generally
know who will be bidding on a given parcel of cargo.

It's possible, he said, that a U.S.-flag carrier could tell when only its vessel
would meet the bid specifications.

"Then the carrier could come in with an absurdly high rate," he said.

This skeptic said that ocean carriers are a shrewd lot dealing "with
multimillion-dollar assets." It's likely they will figure out a way to spread
out bids, eliminating competition and resulting in higher rates, he said.

Because of that potential, the broker said it might be better to have open
bidding with limited ability to negotiate.

Ali Kamani of Canadian Maritime Carriers Ltd., an Ontario-based company that
operates non-U.S.-flag vessels, said open bidding has raised some questions, but
he views the process as fair.

"You have to give the best possible rate - that's only fair," said Mr. Kamani.
But he said there are questions about whether the recipient country has any
leeway in selecting a bid.

Agents, carriers and brokers agreed that the open bidding requires close
attention to detail on the offers. "All the i's must be dotted," said one
broker.

"It's making people stay a little more on their toes as far as giving complete
details on the offer they submit," said Henry J. Bonnabel of International
Chartering Services Inc. of New York, a company that represents vessel owners in
bidding.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: FOOD FOR PEACE? FOOD FOR PROFIT? UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

Farmers need federal drought aid, Sparks says

BYLINE: Eric Fleischauer, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


Sep. 6--Absent federal drought relief for farmers, some North Alabama farmers
will be out of business next year, said the state's agriculture commissioner.

Ron Sparks, in Hillsboro on Tuesday, said this year's cotton crop is one of the
worst he has seen.

"The drought, the high temperatures and winds have just burned up our cotton
crop," he said, after touring area cotton farms. "It's a serious, serious
situation."

Sparks is running for re-election in November on the Democratic ticket.

"Even if some of it is picked," Sparks said, "it's going to be poor quality."

He said some cotton farms in North Alabama have fared better than others, either
because of erratic rains or irrigation.

"But the norm is that we've been hit hard," Sparks said. "We need a disaster
relief package to help these guys get to another year."

A $4 million federal disaster relief package for Alabama farmers has passed the
U.S. Senate but not the House.

Sparks said the drought's financial impact on farmers has been particularly
severe because of the high cost of putting in this year's crop, especially due
to increased fuel and fertilizer prices.

Sparks' call for financial assistance comes when the world community is
complaining of excessive U.S. cotton subsidies, a significant portion of which
go to North Alabama farm operations. The United States last week delayed a World
Trade Organization probe initiated by Brazil into U.S. cotton subsidies.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is pushing for a new farm bill that would,
among other things, revise agricultural subsidies to reflect WTO rules.

Sparks said Congress should leave the existing farm bill intact until it has
arrived at a comprehensive foreign trade policy. Reducing subsidies before
negotiating such a policy would give away bargaining position while hurting
farmers.

"Can (Alabama cotton farmers) compete without subsidies? My feeling, no," said
Sparks.

He said Alabama has great potential in producing alternative fuels like ethanol
and biodiesel. In addition to corn, Sparks would like to see the state encourage
ethanol production from soybeans, cellulose (tree fiber), poultry litter and
switchgrass.

"My vision is you'll see an explosion of alternative fuels in the next two
years," Sparks said. "You'll see ethanol plants in Alabama. ... I think you'll
see an ethanol plant in Decatur."

He said he would like the state to require the use of gasoline that contains 10
percent ethanol.

The greatest problem facing agriculture in the state, Sparks said, is the
inability to maintain profitability.

"Farmers struggle. They don't control the price. Most industries can raise the
price; they can't," Sparks said. "It's going to cost them what it's going to
cost them, and it's going to sell for what it sells."

Copyright (c) 2006, The Decatur Daily, Ala. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060906-DD-0906-Farmers-need-federal-drought-aid-Sparks-says

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2006 The Decatur Daily
