



Download Request: Select Items: 501-998
Time Of Request: Saturday, March 11, 2017  00:21:13 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (united states agriculture)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan's
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan's
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ukrainian News Agency

                         December 10, 2015 6:30 AM EST

U.S. Department Of Agriculture Retains Forecast Of Grain Harvest In Ukraine At
59.8 Million Tons In 2015

LENGTH: 100  words


The United States Department of Agriculture has retained the forecast of
Ukraine's cereals harvest in 2015 at 59.825 million tons, reads December issue
of USDA's World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates, Ukrainian News Agency
reports.

The USDA retained the forecast of wheat harvest in Ukraine at 27 million tons,
and the forecast of feed grain production at 32.825 million tons.

As Ukrainian News earlier reported, in November, the United States Department of
Agriculture has revised the forecast of Ukraine's cereals harvest in 2015
downwards by 3.2% or 1.95 million tons to 59.825 million tons.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2015 Ukrainian News Agency, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 28, 2004 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lawmakers Voice Doom and Gloom On W.T.O. Ruling

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 816 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 27


Lawmakers from major farm states, shaken by a preliminary World Trade
Organization ruling against the government's multibillion-dollar subsidies to
the cotton industry, warned on Tuesday that the action could deal a severe blow
to agribusinesses and farmers nationwide.

''This has the potential to have extraordinary consequences up and down every
main street in rural America,'' Senator Kent Conrad, Democrat of North Dakota,
said of the W.T.O. decision, which ruled in a case brought by Brazil that the
subsidies paid to the United States cotton industry violate global trade rules.

The ruling calls into question the 2002 farm bill, which increased subsidies to
$19 billion a year for the country's biggest farmers who grow commodity crops
like cotton, corn, rice, wheat and soybeans. The United States said such direct
payments did not distort world trade. Brazil successfully argued that because
they were underwritten by taxpayer money, American farmers grew more crops that
flooded world markets, brought down world commodity prices and undercut farmers
in Brazil.

As lawmakers demanded serious action to respond to the ruling, the White House
said that it would not make any unilateral concessions but instead would work
with Congress and the agriculture sector to defend the United States' farm
interests.

The case eventually could compel Washington to cut farm subsidies and force the
United States, Europe and other wealthy economies to make greater concessions to
poor countries at global trade talks.

Policy makers and officials were on the defensive, saying it was unfair for
Brazil to single out the United States for its cotton subsidies when other
countries have their own unfair trading practices like high tariffs and
different scientific standards for agricultural imports. All those issues, they
said, should be the subject of negotiations, not cases before the W.T.O.

In a show of bipartisanship, Representative Bob Goodlatte, Republican of
Virginia, and Representative Charles W. Stenholm, Democrat of Texas, the ranking
members of the House Agriculture Committee, said the decision had to be
appealed.

''Changes to countries' agricultural policies should come through the give and
take of negotiations, not through decisions that do not appear based on W.T.O.
rules,'' they said.

But Brazil filed its case against the United States precisely because its
officials said they were frustrated that global trade talks aimed at reducing or
eliminating agricultural subsidies of wealthy nations had been blocked.

Spreading the pain, Brazil has also filed a case at the W.T.O. against the
European Union for its sugar policies. Over the last two weeks, the Europeans
have been debating how to reform their policies, and reduce their subsidies in
advance of any negative ruling against them.

The ruling on cotton has revived the debate in Congress over whether to pay
farmers for producing food or for conserving the environment. If the preliminary
ruling holds, conservation payments could become the best way to support farmers
without breaking trade rules.

Seeking to calm worried farmers and agribusinesses, Richard Mills, the spokesman
for the United States trade representative's office, said on Tuesday that there
would be no immediate effect on farm policies.

He also said the administration's response would be to press ahead with global
trade talks, which broke down in Cancun, Mexico, last year, in part because of
the United States stance on cotton subsidies.

''The best way to address any distortion in global cotton markets,'' he said
''is through the W.T.O. agricultural negotiations.''

But lawmakers were also asking whether the United States should remain in the
W.T.O. if it continued to make rulings that call into question domestic
programs.

Allen F. Johnson, the chief agriculture negotiator for the trade
representative's office, said Tuesday that if the ruling did hold it ''would
have a negative effect on how officials see the W.T.O. and free trade in
general.''

Proponents of Brazil's actions said the ruling should enhance the standing of
the W.T.O. by proving that developing nations could win a case against the
United States.

''We think this is a real sign that global trade rules can work,'' said Gawain
Kripke, senior trade adviser for Oxfam America, an advocacy group. ''We in the
United States have to play by the same rules as everyone else does.''

While some lawmakers worried that other nations would follow Brazil's example,
it is unlikely because the litigation has already cost $1 million, a sum that is
prohibitive for the poor nations that suffer the most harm from cheap subsidized
imports.

In their annual spring meetings last week, economists at the World Bank said
that 144 million people could be lifted out of poverty if rich countries reduced
or eliminated the $300 billion rich nations pay their farmers in subsidies and
support.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                  September 30, 1992, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

CBOT wheat manages some last-minute gains

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 45, Farm Commodities

LENGTH: 345 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Most wheat futures at the Chicago Board of Trade managed to settle slightly
higher yesterday on prospects of an announcement on the U.S. Agriculture
Department's next export credit allocation for Russia.

There was a belief the Agriculture Department would choose yesterday or early
today to reveal its commodity breakdown for the next shipment period.

CBOT wheat at the close ranged from unchanged to US 1/2 cents a bushel higher.
Values for most of the session traded in a lower range, with the gains only
coming in the last half hour of trading. Featured December contracts ended at
US$3.47 3/4, up US 1/2 cents.

Downward pressure in the wheat pit was tied to a tersely worded statement from
China warning that it was not afraid of a trade war with the U.S. China has
hinted at a boycott of U.S. wheat because of a U.S. decision to sell fighter
jets to Taiwan. China is currently eligible to buy seven million tonnes of
subsidized U.S. wheat.

CBOT soybean futures moved US2 cents to US3 1/4 cents higher with most active
November settling at US$5.41 3/4, up US3 1/4 cents.

Support in soybeans stemmed from perceptions that the latest drop in the US$
against European currencies will encourage increased exporter interest.

The continued decline in the C$ against other major currencies provided some of
the buying that took most grain and oilseed futures at the Winnipeg Commodity
Exchange higher.

There were ideas that the drop in the Canadian currency will stimulate increased
world demand for grains, oilseeds and livestock from Canada.

WCE flaxseed ended 30 cents lower to $2.80 a tonne higher with most months
posting modest advances. Most-traded December ended at $263.80, up 60 cents.

WCE oats finished 70 cents lower to $3.50 higher, with most contracts up.
Featured December ended at $113, up 80 cents. WCE feed wheat closed 30 cents to
$1 higher, with most-active October settling at $91, up $1.

However, advances in WCE grain and oilseed prices were offset in part by ongoing
harvest operations on the Prairies.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as Represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (US) on February 16, titled as 'Method for Extending
the Shelf-Life of Crops Such as Roots, Tubers, or Bulbs'

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20170043889, on February 16 2017, to The United States of America, as
Represented by the Secretary of Agriculture (US), titled as 'Method for
Extending the Shelf-Life of Crops Such as Roots, Tubers, or Bulbs'



 Inventors: Jin; Zhonglin T.; (North Wales, PA) ; Niemira; Brendan A.; (Oreland,
PA)



 Assignee: The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (US)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
'Methods for extending the shelf-life of crops (e.g., roots, tubers, bulbs,
corms, rhizomes and similar commodities), involving washing the crops (e.g.,
ginseng roots) in an aqueous solution containing about 50 ppm to about 500 ppm
sodium hypochlorite and subsequently coating the crops with an aqueous solution
containing chitosan and at least one organic acid (e.g., lactic acid, levulinic
acid, acetic acid), and placing the crops in modified atmospheric packaging. The
shelf-life of crops can be extended by up to about 38 weeks.'



 The patent was filed on August 12, 2015 Application no. 14/824907



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as Represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (US) on December 15, titled as 'AQUAPORIN 2 PROTECTS
CATTLE FROM TICKS AND TICK-BORNE PARASITES'

LENGTH: 256 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20160361396, on December 15 2016, to The United States of America, as
Represented by the Secretary of Agriculture (US), titled as 'AQUAPORIN 2
PROTECTS CATTLE FROM TICKS AND TICK-BORNE PARASITES'



 Inventors: Scoles; Glen A.; (Moscow, ID) ; Guerrero; Felicito; (Boerne, TX) ;
Bastos; Reginaldo; (Pullman, WA)



 Assignee: The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (US)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: 'A
novel method of using an aquaporin protein from Rhipicephalus microplus
(RmAQP2), fragments of RmAQP2, and/or the cDNA encoding RmAQP2 and/or the
fragments are described. Immunogenic composition containing recombinant RmAQP2
and/or fragments of RmAQP2 are produced and administered to an ungulate which
generates an immune response to RmAQP2. After feeding female ticks on the
ungulate injected with RmAQP2 and/or fragments of RmAQP2, the female ticks have
lower reproductive viability because of a reduced egg mass, reduced hatching
percentage, and reduced survival of larvae. Thus, administering RmAQP2 and/or
RmAQP2 fragments to an ungulate can reduce the incidence of R. microplus and
also reduce the incidence of tick-borne pathogens in ungulates because of the
lower number of R. microplus.'



 The patent was filed on June 9, 2016 Application no. 15/177865



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            July 15, 2015 Wednesday

Beta Analytic Inc secures contract for Radiocarbon Dating Services

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: United States


United States, July 15 -- Contract Id: 169082

Description: United States based Beta Analytic Inc has secured contract from
Department of Agriculture for Radiocarbon Dating Services.

The contract is valued approximately $35,700 - Base year with two option years.

Country: United States

Sector: Industry

Contract awarded to Beta Analytic Inc

Contract awarded to executing agency: Department of Agriculture Department of
Agriculture Office: Forest Service Location: R-10 Alaska Region

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pivotal Sources. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 16, 1990, Friday

USDA EXTENDS COMMENT ON NEW SUGAR QUOTA RULES NEW DEADLINE SET FOR DEC. 13

BYLINE: MICHAEL S. LELYVELD; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 566 words


Responding to a wave of reaction, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has given
makers of sugar products more time to comment on new quota rules that are
designed to close a costly loophole in the country's re-export programs,
officials said Thursday.

Following a Journal of Commerce article last Thursday, USDA officials said they
have extended the comment period on the new regulations for 30 days until Dec.
13 to allow smaller food producers to gauge the effect on their perations.

"We started getting a lot of comments in late last week," said Cleveland Marsh,
USDA team leader on the sugar issue.

Although Mr. Marsh declined to discuss the nature of the comments, customs
brokers and exporters have been critical of the USDA's attempt to close the
loophole which, according to officials, could force the government to buy
millions of dollars in unsold sugar under the USDA price support program.

But despite their opposition, most exporters have preferred to mute their public
criticism of the interim rules, which took effect Oct. 9 while they try quietly
to get USDA to alter its course.

"It's safe to say we have problems with it. That's as far as we can go," said
Helen Lowenstein, vice president of the U.S. Cane Sugar Refiners Association in
Washington.

"Those who throw bricks at the Agriculture Department are selling their nests,"
said Joel C. Williams, vice president of corporate affairs for Savannah Foods
and Industries Inc. in Savannah, Ga.

The loophole that worries the USDA is the result of a complex conflict among
provisions of its new tariff-rate quota system for sugar, the USDA re- export
program, sugar price supports and the U.S. Customs program known as drawback,
which refunds import duties on goods that are later re-exported.

Officials fear that manufacturers could take advantage of all the programs
simultaneously to import low-priced "world sugar" at a low-duty rate and
substitute high-duty sugar for their drawback claims. Such a move would
effectively reduce the cost of imports, causing domestic sugar to go unsold and
forcing the government to buy it under its price support program.

"That's the bottom line for us," Mr. Marsh said. "I cannot make a recommendation
. . . that wouldn't permit me to assure the undersecretary that what we are
doing would leave us unprotected as far as the price support program is
concerned."

As a result, new Customs rules have reduced time limits for filing drawback
claims on sugar from three years to 90 days from date of export, allowing USDA
to block any potential "double-benefit" under government re- export programs.
USDA has a year to settle claims under its own re-export program.

But some brokers and exporters say the restrictions go too far and will prevent
many smaller producers from claiming even the single benefit of drawback.

"There are so many built-in safeguards. They have nothing to worry about as far
as anyone trying to circumvent the system and pull a fast one," said one sugar
industry official who asked not to be identified. "We wouldn't want to get away
with that anyway."

Mr. Williams suggested that there could be some area of accommodation with the
USDA on drawback claims for low-duty world sugar that would not present the same
conflict as high-duty claims. But shorter time limits would probably have to
remain for high-duty drawback claims, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 28, 1992, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Officials confident U.S. will end potato ban

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 457 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


Canadian officials met their counterparts in Washington yesterday in an attempt
to persuade the U.S. to reopen its border to seed potatoes from Ontario and
Prince Edward Island.

Both countries have been weighing scientific data during the last few weeks to
gauge progress on wiping out the PVY-n virus, the reason for the trade
restrictions.

Measures to prevent the virus from spreading have shut P.E.I. and Ontario seed
potatoes - the type used for planting - out of lucrative North American markets.

A decision on the import ban was expected from the U.S. Agriculture Department
last week. A bi-national panel of technical experts met earlier this month in
Lake Placid, N.Y., to evaluate efforts to eliminate PVY-n.

QUICK RELAXATION

Canadian officials left the Lake Placid session confident their work to stamp
out the virus north of the border would soon lead to relaxation of the U.S.
trade restrictions, said federal Agriculture Department spokesman Ben Borrel.

The delay has raised fears the Americans will issue a written ruling that
removes the ban but imposes bothersome conditions such as extensive testing of
seed potatoes destined for the U.S.

NEW BARRIER

''That's what we speculate is going to be in the final rule,'' Borrel said.

The more rigorous testing procedures would strain Canadian resources,
effectively amounting to a new trade barrier, he said.

The Washington meeting yesterday involved a trade policy representative from the
Agriculture Department, as well as technical specialists and an External Affairs
official, Borrel said.

The U.S. was represented by officials from Agriculture, Trade and the State
Department, said U.S. Agriculture Department spokesman John Rodriguez.

Earlier this year, Ottawa established a national eradication plan to isolate
PVY-n and identify infected fields.

PVY-n doesn't harm humans, so infected potatoes can be sold and eaten. But
infected potato plants can threaten crops such as tobacco, peppers and other
fields of potatoes.

The pesky virus has been a blight on the island's major agricultural industry
during the last few years.

Industry and government officials recently agreed to allow the free flow of seed
potatoes within Canada from zones considered virus-free.

HARDEST HIT

Some instances of the virus turned up in P.E.I., Ontario and New Brunswick
during potato-leaf testing performed under the eradication plan. But Canadian
officials have tried to persuade the Americans the plan will prevent the virus
from spreading south.

PVY-n has turned up in several provinces and at least two states, but P.E.I. has
been hardest hit by the crisis. Losses to the economy are estimated at $100
million since 1989.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 7, 1991, Thursday

US, EC RESUME FARM TRADE TALKS TODAY

BYLINE: BRUCE BARNARD; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 426 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS, Belgium


The European Community and the United States resume farm trade negotiations
today at a meeting here between U.S Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan and Ray
MacSharry, EC farm commissioner.

Today's meeting, consolidating a week of intensive bilateral negotiations, is
taking place on the eve of a U.S.-EC ministerial session on Saturday that ill
focus on the Uruguay Round of world trade talks.

Mr. MacSharry and Mr. Madigan will attempt to narrow the wide gap between
Brussels and Washington on farm subsidies, the issue that largely contributed to
the collapse of the Uruguay Round of last December.

The talks also will cover the EC's plan to reform its oilseeds regime following
a ruling by the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade against the current
system following a complaint by the United States. GATT is the Geneva- based
body that governs most world trade in goods.

The two sides are under intense pressure to resolve their differences over
agriculture to revive the stalled round.

Participants in the talks missed an important deadline last Friday when working
groups in Geneva failed to delivery draft agreements on various trade sectors.

The EC seized the initiative this week when its trade and foreign ministers
urged the United States to respond to recent significant shifts in the EC
position on agriculture.

Yvonne van Rooy, the Dutch foreign trade minister, claimed the EC had ''really
moved" on agriculture and said its willingness to revamp its Common Agricultural
Policy should be followed by reciprocal action by the United States.

The Netherlands, which currently holds the EC presidency, has put the Uruguay
Round at the top of the agenda for the U.S.-EC ministerial meeting in the Hague
on Saturday.

EC officials said they expect The Hague meeting, to be attended by President
Bush and ranking cabinet ministers and EC Commission President Jacques Delors,
will give a boost to the bilateral negotiations.

But even as Dutch officials prepared for Saturday's meeting, there were reports
here Wednesday that the Netherlands is mulling an EC summit in late December to
discuss the farm trade row with the United States.

The Netherlands will host an EC summit in Maastricht on Dec. 9-10 with the goal
of reaching broad agreements on economic, monetary and political union of the
12-nation bloc.

But if the summit fails to produce an agreement, Dutch officials are pondering
whether to hold a second summit later in the month. This summit, if convened,
also would have the GATT talks on the agenda.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                              May 30, 2006 Tuesday
                                National Edition

No reductions on farm import tariffs: EU: WTO negotiations: Discussions hit
impasse as no one is willing to budge

BYLINE: Jeremy Smith, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP9

LENGTH: 570  words

DATELINE: KREMS, Austria


KREMS, Austria - EU agriculture ministers warned the bloc's trade chief
yesterday not to make a new offer on cutting farm import tariffs to secure a
wider World Trade Organization deal, saying Europe had reached its limit.

Austrian Agriculture Minister Josef Proell said Europe had already put forward
its proposals for the WTO's global trade round and should not be making another
one, despite a looming deadline and the risk of further lengthy delays.

EU Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said this month the bloc could enhance its
offer in the sensitive area of farm trade, on condition other key WTO players
also make concessions.

"The agriculture ministers are of the opinion that Europe should not present a
new offer, but that our partners should make a new offer. We have made our offer
and we won't change it," Mr. Proell said during an informal meeting of EU farm
ministers.

Mr. Mandelson's spokesman Peter Power said on May 19 the EU could move closer to
the demands of developing countries that want it to cut its farm import tariffs
by an average of 54%, if other WTO members make concessions too.

The current EU offer works out at an average cut of about 39%.

France, which is the biggest single gainer from the EU's lavish farm subsidies,
has repeatedly rejected suggestions that the bloc might consider bigger cuts to
its agricultural tariffs, and President Jacques Chirac last week blamed
Washington for the stalemate.

French Agriculture Minister Dominique Bussereau repeated that line to reporters
on the sidelines of the ministers' meeting. A further EU concession on farm
policy would jeopardize the entire Common Agricultural Policy, he said.

"The Oct. 28 offer was already the limit for France," he said.

"It is the United States that should move -- and Mr. Mandelson should stay
within his mandate.

"I would prefer a failure than an agreement that would risk the Common
Agricultural Policy and its future," he said.

Finnish Agriculture Minister Juha Korkeaoja agreed.

"Today is not the time for that [new farm offer]. We have more or less reached
the limit of where we can go," he said.

But WTO Director-General Pascal Lamy has said the success of the round lies with
the EU going further on agricultural market access as well as the United States
cutting subsidies for its farmers by more than it has so far offered and by big
developing countries like Brazil reducing industrial goods tariffs.

"On services and industrial goods, our partners do not move at all -- above all
... the United States," Mr. Proell said.

"It is difficult for the U.S. to move at the moment but they have to do
something."

Washington's negotiating efforts have been hampered by a change in leadership
after U.S. Trade Representative Rob Portman was appointed budget director and
the nomination of his deputy, Susan Schwab, to succeed him has yet to be
approved by Congress.

"We do not want the [WTO's Doha] round to become a failure. We think it can
still succeed," Mr. Proell said. "But it's a question of political credibility."

WTO member states are struggling to meet their end-July deadline to agree on the
main elements of the round, launched in 2001 to boost the global economy and
ease Third World poverty.

If talks go beyond the end of July, there is a risk they could stretch beyond
the expiry in mid-2007 of the fast-track powers of U.S. President George W. Bush
to approve trade deals and subsequently be delayed by several years.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               December 27, 2003

LEADER COLUMN; US MUST FOLLOW BRITAIN AND ACT QUICKLY TO COMBAT BSE

SECTION: LEADER; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 188 words


EARLY signals from the American authorities, struggling to come to terms with
the threat of mad cow disease, are far from encouraging.

The US Department of Agriculture is still "debating" whether or not to introduce
more screening of meat products and inspection of suspect animals.

Procedures at present are totally inadequate. Inspectors admit they tested fewer
than 30,000 of the estimated 300 million animals slaughtered in the past nine
years and that they receive the results days or even weeks later.

To prevent devastation among the 100 million cattle in America and the
consequent incalculable threat to human health, the US Government must act fast
and follow Britain's example. Britain contained the BSE menace by introducing
strict and, at the time, unpopular controls, including a ban on selling offal,
mandatory testing of all cattle 30 months old or older and a national
ear-tagging system that logs each animal from birth to slaughter.

The powerful vested interests that make up the GBP 15billion American beef
industry must not be allowed to delay the adoption of these essential measures.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2003 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               December 27, 2003

LEADER COLUMN; US MUST FOLLOW BRITAIN AND ACT QUICKLY TO COMBAT BSE

SECTION: LEADER; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 188 words


EARLY signals from the American authorities, struggling to come to terms with
the threat of mad cow disease, are far from encouraging.

The US Department of Agriculture is still "debating" whether or not to introduce
more screening of meat products and inspection of suspect animals.

Procedures at present are totally inadequate. Inspectors admit they tested fewer
than 30,000 of the estimated 300 million animals slaughtered in the past nine
years and that they receive the results days or even weeks later.

To prevent devastation among the 100 million cattle in America and the
consequent incalculable threat to human health, the US Government must act fast
and follow Britain's example. Britain contained the BSE menace by introducing
strict and, at the time, unpopular controls, including a ban on selling offal,
mandatory testing of all cattle 30 months old or older and a national
ear-tagging system that logs each animal from birth to slaughter.

The powerful vested interests that make up the GBP 15billion American beef
industry must not be allowed to delay the adoption of these essential measures.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2003 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 10, 1987 Thursday

Wise defends free-trade pact as good deal for farmers

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
  OTTAWA
  Farmers will benefit, not suffer, from the proposed free-trade agreement
with the United States, Agriculture Minister John Wise says.

Critics 'said we wouldn't be able to preserve marketing boards and we
did,' Mr. Wise said in an interview.

'They said we couldn't get the clause in the General Agreement on  Tariffs and
Trade that protects marketing boards included in the free-  trade agreement, but
that has been looked after.

'Farmers from all across the country are going to be better off under  the
free-trade agreement,' he said.

Last week, Quebec Agriculture Minister Michel Page told the annual
meeting of Quebec's main farm organization, the Union des Producteurs
Agricoles, that the province had 10 conditions that needed to be met if
Quebec was to continue to support the trade deal.

Mr. Page's list won him a standing ovation from union delegates who had
given Pierre Blais, Minister of State for Agriculture, a rough ride the
day before when he tried to tell them they had nothing to fear from free
trade.

Union president Jacques Proulx said federal acceptance of Mr. Page's
shopping list meant agriculture would be excluded from the free-trade
agreement, the main demand of the Quebec farm group.

But Mr. Wise said only half the Quebec list involves free trade and he
already has dealt with those issues. Of the remaining demands, several are
clearly within provincial jursidiction.

Several weeks ago, Mr. Wise told the annual meeting of the Ontario
Federation of Agriculture that free trade would be good for farmers.
Delegates at that convention then voted by a four-to-one margin to reject
free trade.

That vote was a rebuke for Mr. Wise, a former Ontario dairy farmer. But
he has used it and the Quebec demands to push his colleagues into extra
concessions for marketing boards, which are crucial components of the
agriculture industries of the two provinces.

The Government has decided, for example, to place yogurt and ice cream
on the import control list to block importation of cheap U.S. products, he
said.

'It's just a matter of how and when it will be done. We've already  started the
process.'     Previously, the Government said it had the authority under the
trade  agreement to place those two commodities on the control list, but didn't
plan to do so unless imports from the United States began hurting Canadian
production of yogurt and ice cream.

The other move is the reference to Article 11 of GATT under which
Canada has set up the Canadian Dairy Commission, which controls the
production and pricing of milk used to make dairy products, and the
national marketing boards for eggs, chicken and turkey.

Mr. Wise and International Trade Minister Patricia Carney said after
the trade agreement was struck Oct. 4 that marketing boards were protected
under the agreement, as was Canada's right to set up additional boards. As
well, both countries agreed to live by the provisions of GATT. Now Mr.
Wise appears to have gained specific protection for marketing boards.

He said the other Quebec demands involving free trade that Ottawa has
already started to deal with include sharing U.S. eggs, chicken and turkey
more fairly among processors.

Mr. Wise also had meetings with the Dairy Farmers of Canada to discuss
the impact of free trade and will set up a federal-provincial committee to
look at assistance for grape growers, who will be forced to cut production
because of the agreement.

Quebec wants seasonal tariffs re-established for fruit and vegetables.
Mr. Wise said those tariffs will be phased out during the next 10 years
and can be recalled for the 10 years after that.

The non-free trade demands on the Quebec list include the definition of
direct export subsidy, which Mr. Wise said is being handled through
negotiations under GATT. He said an import quota for the broiler hatching
board is in the process of being set.

The federal minister said Mr. Page 'is showing he doesn't understand
the procedures for establishing marketing boards' with his demand that
Ottawa immediately create a national potato marketing board.

Mr. Wise has already said he supports creation of the board and that a
report on public hearings about the issue will likely be presented to the
National Farm Products Marketing Council next month.

He said the provinces now have the authority to limit imports of farm
product substitutes, including dairy products. There is nothing in the
free-trade agreement that limits that authority.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (US) on February 16, titled as 'NITRATE- AND
NITRITE-REDUCING PROBIOTIC FEED ADDITIVE'

LENGTH: 262 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20170044632, on February 16 2017, to The United States of America, as
represented by the Secretary of Agriculture (US), titled as 'NITRATE- AND
NITRITE-REDUCING PROBIOTIC FEED ADDITIVE'



 Inventors: Anderson; Robin C.; (College Station, TX) ; LATHAM; ELIZABETH A.;
(BRYAN, TX) ; PINCHAK; WILLIAM E.; (VERNON, TX)



 Assignee: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (US)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: 'The
present invention concerns novel probiotic compositions that increase nitrate-
and nitrite-reduction in animals such as ruminants. The present invention thus
provides compositions and methods for reducing nitrate/nitrite toxicity in such
animals, or prophylactically protecting such animals from the effects of
toxicity, such as methemoglobinemia. A novel strain of an unspeciated bacterial
strain related to Paenibacillus species with nitrate- and nitrite-reducing
capabilities is described. In conjunction with nitrate-supplemented diets, the
probiotics of the present invention can also be utilized to reduce
methanogenesis in livestock. Furthermore, the probiotic compositions of the
present invention can be used to reduce the number and kind of food-borne
pathogens, such as Escherichia coli and Campylobacter jejuni.'



 The patent was filed on August 11, 2016 Application no. 15/234560



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Tennessee)
Issues Solicitation for "HVI 1000 with modified color trash cabinet"

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service officer
has issued requirement for "HVI 1000 with modified color trash cabinet"

Solicitation No: AG-4740-S-17-0002

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: January 3, 2017

Description: The United States Department of Agriculture, Agriculture Marketing
Service, Cotton and Tobacco Programs, plans to award a sole source contract to
Uster Technologies, Inc. located at 456 Troy Circle, Knoxville, TN 37919 for the
HVI 1000 with a modified color trash cabinet.  The contract will be a firm fixed
price IDIQ contract for a minimum of 1 and maximum of 12.  This contract will
also include full service maintenance.   Uster Technologies is the manufacturer
of the HVI 1000.  This is a notice of intent and is not a request for
competitive quotations or proposals. Firms that believe they can provide equal
or superior products/services are encouraged to identify themselves and provide
a substantive statement with descriptive literature and any other supporting
information to the Contracting Officer by the closing date of this notice. All
information received will be considered by the Government to determine if more
than one firm can meet the Government's requirements and is capable of providing
equal or superior products/services. All responses must be in writing and should
be emailed to BeverlyS.Brown@ams.usda.gov Questions concerning this acquisition
must be in writing and directed to BeverlyS.Brown@ams.usda.gov Responses must be
received by 10:00 A.M. central time on January 9, 2017.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 334

Contact Details: 3275 Appling Road, Room 1 Memphis, Tennessee 38133 United
States

Point of Contact(s): Beverly S. Brown BeverlyS.Brown@ams.usda.gov Phone:
540-361-1126 Fax: 540-361-1181


LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Tennessee)
Issues Solicitation for "HVI 1000 with modified color trash cabinet"

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service officer
has issued requirement for "HVI 1000 with modified color trash cabinet"

Solicitation No: AG-4740-S-17-0002

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: January 3, 2017

Description: The United States Department of Agriculture, Agriculture Marketing
Service, Cotton and Tobacco Programs, plans to award a sole source contract to
Uster Technologies, Inc. located at 456 Troy Circle, Knoxville, TN 37919 for the
HVI 1000 with a modified color trash cabinet.  The contract will be a firm fixed
price IDIQ contract for a minimum of 1 and maximum of 12.  This contract will
also include full service maintenance.   Uster Technologies is the manufacturer
of the HVI 1000.  This is a notice of intent and is not a request for
competitive quotations or proposals. Firms that believe they can provide equal
or superior products/services are encouraged to identify themselves and provide
a substantive statement with descriptive literature and any other supporting
information to the Contracting Officer by the closing date of this notice. All
information received will be considered by the Government to determine if more
than one firm can meet the Government's requirements and is capable of providing
equal or superior products/services. All responses must be in writing and should
be emailed to BeverlyS.Brown@ams.usda.gov Questions concerning this acquisition
must be in writing and directed to BeverlyS.Brown@ams.usda.gov Responses must be
received by 10:00 A.M. central time on January 9, 2017.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 334

Contact Details: 3275 Appling Road, Room 1 Memphis, Tennessee 38133 United
States

Point of Contact(s): Beverly S. Brown BeverlyS.Brown@ams.usda.gov Phone:
540-361-1126 Fax: 540-361-1181


LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday

US, Pakistani scientists increase Pakistan's wheat productivity

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 322

LENGTH: 356  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is helping farmers to increase
productivity and improving food security in Pakistan by introducing
disease-resistant varieties of wheat.

United States Department of Agriculture's Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
(WPEP) has introduced 60 advanced wheat varieties in Pakistan in the first of
115 wheat trials scheduled this year at the National Agricultural Research
Council (NARC) and other locations throughout Pakistan.

USDA scientists, together with the International Maize and Wheat Improvement
Centre (CIMMYT), helped researchers at the Pakistan Agricultural Research
Council (PARC) establish the annual National Uniform Wheat Yield Trial (NUWYT)
at the National Agricultural Research Centre (NARC) in Islamabad.  USDA helped
identify and multiply a variety of wheat called, "NARC 2011," which can resist
wheat rust.  After NUWYT tests proved the variety was well-suited for the
environment in Pakistan, it was released to and is now being used by farmers.

"Wheat is critical to Pakistan's food security," said USDA Plant Health Advisor
Ian Winborne at a ceremony in NARC celebrating the establishment of the NUWYT.
"The United States is committed to working with Pakistani scientists to develop
solutions to wheat diseases that can affect crops here in Pakistan, and in the
United States.  The NUWYT is an important step in finding disease-resistant
wheat varieties that will feed the people of Pakistan for years to come."

USDA's WPEP is a collaborative project focused on scientific exchanges on wheat
productivity that help develop and introduce disease-resistant varieties,
improve agronomy practices, and upgrade infrastructure in Pakistan.

Mutually beneficial scientific exchange and research is an important feature of
the work carried out by the United States and Pakistan in agriculture.  U.S. and
Pakistani agricultural scientists will also deepen their cooperation at the
U.S.-funded Centre for Advanced Studies on agriculture.  The centre is based in
a Pakistani university and hosts regular exchanges between top agricultural
scientists from the United States and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday

US, Pakistani scientists increase Pakistan's wheat productivity

LENGTH: 355  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is helping farmers to increase
productivity and improving food security in Pakistan by introducing
disease-resistant varieties of wheat.

United States Department of Agriculture's Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
(WPEP) has introduced 60 advanced wheat varieties in Pakistan in the first of
115 wheat trials scheduled this year at the National Agricultural Research
Council (NARC) and other locations throughout Pakistan.

USDA scientists, together with the International Maize and Wheat Improvement
Centre (CIMMYT), helped researchers at the Pakistan Agricultural Research
Council (PARC) establish the annual National Uniform Wheat Yield Trial (NUWYT)
at the National Agricultural Research Centre (NARC) in Islamabad. USDA helped
identify and multiply a variety of wheat called, "NARC 2011," which can resist
wheat rust. After NUWYT tests proved the variety was well-suited for the
environment in Pakistan, it was released to and is now being used by farmers.

"Wheat is critical to Pakistan's food security," said USDA Plant Health Advisor
Ian Winborne at a ceremony in NARC celebrating the establishment of the NUWYT.
"The United States is committed to working with Pakistani scientists to develop
solutions to wheat diseases that can affect crops here in Pakistan, and in the
United States. The NUWYT is an important step in finding disease-resistant wheat
varieties that will feed the people of Pakistan for years to come."

USDA's WPEP is a collaborative project focused on scientific exchanges on wheat
productivity that help develop and introduce disease-resistant varieties,
improve agronomy practices, and upgrade infrastructure in Pakistan.

Mutually beneficial scientific exchange and research is an important feature of
the work carried out by the United States and Pakistan in agriculture. U.S. and
Pakistani agricultural scientists will also deepen their cooperation at the
U.S.-funded Centre for Advanced Studies on agriculture. The centre is based in a
Pakistani university and hosts regular exchanges between top agricultural
scientists from the United States and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday

US, Pakistani scientists increase Pakistan's wheat productivity

SECTION: Vol. 17 No. 322

LENGTH: 355  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is helping farmers to increase
productivity and improving food security in Pakistan by introducing
disease-resistant varieties of wheat.

United States Department of Agriculture's Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
(WPEP) has introduced 60 advanced wheat varieties in Pakistan in the first of
115 wheat trials scheduled this year at the National Agricultural Research
Council (NARC) and other locations throughout Pakistan.

USDA scientists, together with the International Maize and Wheat Improvement
Centre (CIMMYT), helped researchers at the Pakistan Agricultural Research
Council (PARC) establish the annual National Uniform Wheat Yield Trial (NUWYT)
at the National Agricultural Research Centre (NARC) in Islamabad. USDA helped
identify and multiply a variety of wheat called, "NARC 2011," which can resist
wheat rust. After NUWYT tests proved the variety was well-suited for the
environment in Pakistan, it was released to and is now being used by farmers.

"Wheat is critical to Pakistan's food security," said USDA Plant Health Advisor
Ian Winborne at a ceremony in NARC celebrating the establishment of the NUWYT.
"The United States is committed to working with Pakistani scientists to develop
solutions to wheat diseases that can affect crops here in Pakistan, and in the
United States. The NUWYT is an important step in finding disease-resistant wheat
varieties that will feed the people of Pakistan for years to come."

USDA's WPEP is a collaborative project focused on scientific exchanges on wheat
productivity that help develop and introduce disease-resistant varieties,
improve agronomy practices, and upgrade infrastructure in Pakistan.

Mutually beneficial scientific exchange and research is an important feature of
the work carried out by the United States and Pakistan in agriculture. U.S. and
Pakistani agricultural scientists will also deepen their cooperation at the
U.S.-funded Centre for Advanced Studies on agriculture. The centre is based in a
Pakistani university and hosts regular exchanges between top agricultural
scientists from the United States and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (US) on November 24, titled as 'SORGHUM-DERIVED
TRANSCRIPTION REGULATORY ELEMENTS PREDOMINANTLY ACTIVE IN ROOT HAIR CELLS AND
USES THEREOF'

LENGTH: 227 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20160340685, on November 24 2016, to The United States of America, as
represented by the Secretary of Agriculture (US), titled as 'SORGHUM-DERIVED
TRANSCRIPTION REGULATORY ELEMENTS PREDOMINANTLY ACTIVE IN ROOT HAIR CELLS AND
USES THEREOF'



 Inventors: Baerson; Scott R.; (Oxford, MS) ; Pan; Zhiqiang; (Oxford, MS) ;
Polashock; James J.; (Hainesport, NJ)



 Assignee: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (US)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
'Transcription regulatory elements, namely promoter and terminator sequences,
obtained from Sorghum bicolor that drive RNA transcription predominately in root
hair cells are described, as well as cassettes, expression vectors, and
genetically modified plants containing these transcription regulatory elements.
The genetically modified plants can be gymnosperms, dicots, or monocots. Methods
of directing transcription of a heterologous polynucleotide under control of
these transcription regulatory elements in a genetically modified plant's root
hair cells are also provided.'



 The patent was filed on May 20, 2015 Application no. 14/717477



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                           September 30, 1996, Monday

FARM INCOME SEEN RISING TO A RECORD $50.8 BILLION

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 1

LENGTH: 20 words


US Department of Agriculture expects US net farm income to hit a record $50.8
billion in 1996, up 46% from 1995 (S)

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            January 29, 2017 Sunday

US Embassy leads trade mission to promote innovation

SECTION: Vol. 32 No. 29

LENGTH: 309  words


US Embassy Economic Counselor Joel Robert Garverick will lead a delegation of
senior Pakistani government officials, businessmen, farmers and agriculture
experts to Atlanta, Georgia from Saturday, January 28 to February 4, to promote
U.S.-Pakistan bilateral commercial ties and increase trade and investment in
agriculture.

According to a press release of US Embassy, the delegation will attend the 2017
International Production and Processing Expo (IPPE), the United States largest
annual trade show for the poultry, meat, and feed industries, building on the
theme, innovation in agriculture.

Agriculture is Pakistan leading industry, accounting for more than twenty
percent of GDP and two-fifths of employment. Major products include cotton,
wheat, rice, sugarcane, fruits, vegetables, dairy, beef, mutton, poultry and
eggs.

The United States is Pakistan largest trading partner, exporting $447 million in
agricultural goods to Pakistan in 2015. These imports help support Pakistani
agricultural exports, which were $ 3.7 billion in fiscal year 15/16 (July-June).

Following the expo, the group will meet with U.S. agribusiness executives and
researchers, including experts at the Georgia Tech Agriculture Technology
Research Group and Innovation Lab, to explore innovations that could benefit
Pakistan, expand bilateral trade, and create investment opportunities for U.S.
companies.

The group will also visit a peach farm in Georgia, and conduct meetings with
Georgia Farm Bureau, Cotton Commission, State Department of Agriculture, and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture Research Service.

Representatives from all four provinces of Pakistan will take part in the trade
mission, as well as officials from the Ministry of Food Security and Research,
the Pakistan Agriculture Research Council, and the Muhammad Nawaz Sharif
University of Agriculture Multan.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 19, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

GRAIN SALES TO SOVIET INCREASING

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 18


The Soviet Union has bought more grain from the United States - 250,000 metric
tons of wheat and 125,000 tons of corn - for delivery in 1983-84 under terms of
a long-term agreement signed last month, according to the Agriculture
Department.

That pushed the estimated value of Moscow's purchases since Sept. 1 - the day a
Soviet fighter shot down a South Korean jetliner - to more than a half billion
dollars.

At current grain prices at the farm, the latest sales would be worth about $49
million. Sales so far under the new agreement are worth an estimated $575
million, according to current prevailing prices.

On Sept. 1, the day the Soviet Union shot down Korean Air Lines Flight 7 and was
harshly denounced by the Reagan Administration, the Russians bought 900,000
metric tons of United States wheat and corn. Business has been brisk since then,
despite the bitter exchanges between the two governments over the airliner case.

The grain purchase on Sept. 1, and related deals since that day, were disclosed
last week by the department in a terse announcement that noted only the amount
of grain involved, and that it was to be delivered after Oct. 1 under terms of
the new agreement.

Although there had been a 200,000-ton soybean sale earlier, the announcement was
the first involving wheat and corn, the main commodities covered in the new
five-year trade pact signed in Moscow by Agriculture Secretary John R. Block on
Aug. 25, just a week before the South Korean jumbo jet was shot from the skies.

Private Companies Handle Deals

According to Agriculture Department tabulations, the Soviet Union has contracted
for nearly 3.5 million metric tons of grain since Sept. 1. In addition, counting
some bought previously, about 400,000 tons of soybeans have been purchased.

The sales are handled by private grain companies that deal directly with Moscow.
And because the deals are private, little information is disclosed. By law,
however, the companies must report to the Agriculture Department within 24 hours
all sales of 100,000 tons or more - which are then made public.

Smaller sales are occasionally reported to the department and are disclosed in
weekly reports of export activity.

As of Friday, the Soviet Union had bought about 1.83 million tons of corn and
1.65 million tons of wheat from the United States.

There are about 2,205 pounds in a metric ton, which is equal to 39.4 bushels of
corn or 36.7 bushels of wheat or soybeans. Thus, sales so far have included
about 72 million bushels of corn and 61 million bushels of wheat. The soybeans
total about 14.7 million bushels.

Farm Value of Sales

No prices are disclosed by the Russians or the private companies. But the
Agriculture Department says that corn prices at the farm currently are about
$3.31 per bushel, with wheat $3.56 per bushel.

Thus, the farm value of the grain sales to the Soviet Union since Sept. 1 would
be about $238.3 million for corn and $217.2 million for wheat.

Soybean sales, including those before Sept. 1, would be worth an estimated $8.08
per bushel at the farm, according to recent Agriculture Department figures, for
a total of around $118.8 million.

Grain and soybean exports to all countries in 1983-84 are expected to total
$21.1 billion.

The Russians are committed to buy at least nine million metric tons of wheat and
corn annually over a period of five years. If they choose, they can substitute
up to 500,000 tons of soybeans for one million tons of grain in meeting the
minimum.

An additional three million tons of wheat and corn can be bought at the Soviet
Union's option - making a total of 12 million tons - without further talks with
the United States. If more than 12 million tons are wanted, consultations must
be held.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ukrainian News Agency

                           March 9, 2016 6:30 AM EST

U.S. Department Of Agriculture Retains Outlook on Sunflower Harvest in Ukraine
At 11.3 Million Tons in 2015

LENGTH: 107  words


The United States Department of Agriculture has retained the outlook on
Ukraine's sunflower harvest in 2015 at 11.3 million tons compared with the
February outlook.

Ukrainian News learned this from March issue of USDA World Agricultural Supply
and Demand Estimates Report.

The outlook on the production of sunflower meal for the 2015/2016 marketing year
(September 2015 - August 2016), remained at 4.62 million tons.

As Ukrainian News earlier reported, in February the United States Department of
Agriculture revised the outlook on Ukraine's sunflower harvest in 2015 upwards
by 2.7% or 0.3 million tons to 11.3 million tons over the January outlook.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2016 Ukrainian News Agency, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ukrainian News Agency

                         November 10, 2015 6:30 AM EST

U.S. Department Of Agriculture Revises Forecast Of Grain Harvest In Ukraine
Downwards By 3.2% To 59.8 Million Tons In 2015

LENGTH: 100  words


The United States Department of Agriculture has revised the forecast of
Ukraine's cereals harvest in 2015 downwards by 3.2% or 1.95 million tons to
59.825 million tons, reads November issue of USDA's World Agricultural Supply
and Demand Estimates.

The USDA retained the forecast of wheat harvest in Ukraine at 27 million tons,
and downgraded the forecast of feed grain production by 5.6% or 1.95 million to
32.825 million tons.

As Ukrainian News earlier reported, in October the United States Department of
Agriculture revised Ukraine's harvest of grain crops in 2015 downwards by 2.4%
to 61.8 million tons.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2015 Ukrainian News Agency, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

Pakistan: US to provide $100 million for agriculture development in Pakistan and
Afghanistan

LENGTH: 791  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 12 -- A trilateral US-Pakistan-Afghanistan forumon agriculture
has made a robust start in its first meeting held in Qatarwith United States
making initial commitment of $100 million as first tranche out of a hefty fund
it promised to bolster agriculture in Pakistan and Afghanistan. "More money will
flow as concrete projects get underway," US deputyunder secretary agriculture
Burnham Philbrook observed in the plenarysession. According to a message
received here Friday, the meeting wasorganized in Doha by the US Embassy in
Pakistan for security reason and toavoid visa and other complications envisaged
in holding it in the UnitedStates.

Pakistan delegation that comprised nearly two dozen top agricultureexperts and
officials was led by the director general of the trilateralsecretariat, Mr.
Zahoor Malik. Working groups comprising experts from the three countries in
theirdeliberations focused on areas of food security, trade corridors and
watermanagement. Malik announced that the next meeting of the forum will beheld
in Pakistan in April. Pakistan voiced its concerns on the dam being built on
River Kabulwith India's assistance and suggested a profound engagement
betweenPakistan and Afghanistan to address these concerns. Philbrook said
development of agriculture in both countries was partof the strategy to boosting
their economies, uplifting living standards of their people and winning the
hearts and minds of the rural populace. "We believe that peace depends on
improving the lot of the peoplefor which development of agriculture is vital
because more than eighty per cent population depends on it," Philbrook remarked.
He said the United States intends to vigorously pursue the goal of agricultural
growth adding that in case of Afghanistan it would also work as an incentive to
farmersto stop planting poppy. "Agriculture is key to making peace sustainable"
Philbrook said whilepointing out that drug trade is a major source of
instability and funding for militancy in Afghanistan. Responding to points
raised by Mr. Malik in his welcome speechregarding the tardy approach adopted by
the United States in the past incommitting funds that has hampered progress in
formulating policies anddesigning projects, Philbrooke assured that adequate and
prompt fundingwould be provided to launch viable programmes in agriculture. He
said theUS secretary agriculture during his recent visit to the region felt
moredetermined than ever to build international awareness about the importanceof
Afghanistan's agricultural economy to its long-term security andsustainability.
He referred to last year's trilateral summit in Washington attended bypresident
Barack Obama and his Afghan and Pakistani counterparts HamidKarazi and Asi Ali
Zadari during which they agreed on a roadmap for theprogress and prosperity of
people of this region. "We, too, are here in the midst of a great challenge and
understandthat generating sustained economic development in Pakistan and
Afghanistan will not be easy. But we will not be deterred." Malik said the
United States has been a generous donor to developingcountries in promoting
their economies but its assistance has failed to produce desired results. "In
this context we hear our American friends expressing frustrationwhy people hate
America despite all the goodwill it has shown in helpingthe developing
countries," Malik said. "One major reason for this state of affairs is that the
US assistancehas failed to trickle down to real stake-holders- the
under-privileged sections of society who have become poorer over the period of
time," he said. "In order to move in the right direction, we have to acknowledge
ourpast mistakes and stop enriching the rich and empowering the poweful,"Malik
said adding:"People are skeptical and there is also a trust deficit as people
are not sure if the Americans would again wash off their hands,as in the past,
and leave everything high and dry." Philbrook said the United States and its
allies are determined thistime not to abandon the people of this region and
would do everything to become their partners in peace and prosperity. Afghan
deputy minister Saleem Kundozi said his government'sagricultural strategy has
three pillars; to protect and restore the environment; to grow agricultural
production and productivity; and tofoster agri-business to boost exports and
family income for creating new jobs on and off the farms. He underpinned the
importance of cooperation between Afghanistan and Pakistan and said his country
can learn from the broader experiences of Pakistan. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 7, 1990, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Prairie farmers prepare for near-record harvest

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg,Man.


Prairie farmers are gassing up swathers and combines to take off what could be
one of their biggest harvests ever.

Aided by timely rains, most can look out their windows and smile each day as the
wind ruffles fields of lush crops.

If all goes well, United Grain Growers predicts farmers will stuff their bins
with almost 50 million metric tons of grain and oilseeds this year. Pioneer
Grain puts the figure at 48 million.

Both are up from last year's harvest of 40.6 million metric tons and a
substantial increase from the 31-million-metric-ton harvest in 1988, when crops
were shriveled by relentless heat and drought.


If forecasts hold, this crop could be second only to the record 54.6 million
metric tons harvested in 1986.

Some farmers could use one more good rain and parts of Alberta have received too
much rain but, even under these circumstances, an average to above average crop
is expected.

''There's only a few trouble spots to be noted at the Saskatchewan-Alberta
border,'' Kim Shukla, a spokesman for Pioneer Grain, said in a recent interview.
''Overall, things seem to be fine.''

But the news isn't all good.

Ironically, while farmers can look forward to a good harvest, their bank
balances may show little or no improvement.

It's turning into a buyer's market this year because other grain producing
countries also are looking at banner crops, says Bob Rabe, an analyst with
United Grain Growers. ''The prices are not looking good at all,'' he said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is forecasting wheat prices will drop as much
as 20% during the crop year that started Wednesday.

Prices were already depressed because of a grain subsidy war between the U.S.
and the European Community, although the Europeans have proposed trimming
subsidies by 30% over 10 years.

''It's going to hurt us pretty bad,'' Jack Swainson, vice-president of Unifarm,
an Alberta farm group, said of the poor price expectations. ''It's a matter of
survival.''

Richard Lemoine, who farms near Minnedosa, in western Manitoba, said the
situation is frustrating.

Lemoine is looking forward to one of his best crops in years, with yields 30%
better than 1989, yet still may not benefit financially. ''The way things look
right now, even with one hell of a crop I don't think we're going to make any
more money,'' Lemoine said.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
(Delaware) applies for US Patent titled as "CAPTURE OF HUMAN NOROVIRUS FROM
CLINICAL ENVIRONMENTAL AND FOOD SAMPLES AND MEASUREMENT OF INFECTIVITY"

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150093744 for US Patent, published on April 02, 2015, by The United States of
America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture (Delaware), titled as
"CAPTURE OF HUMAN NOROVIRUS FROM CLINICAL ENVIRONMENTAL AND FOOD SAMPLES AND
MEASUREMENT OF INFECTIVITY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Tian; Peng; (Hercules, CA) ; Wang; Depeng; (Shanghai, CN)

Assignee: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture
Washington
DC
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention relates to human noroviruses."


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC) on January 14 titled as "Microwave sensor and
algorithm for moisture and density determination"

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,629,681 on
January 14, 2014, to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC), titled as "Microwave sensor and algorithm for
moisture and density determination"

Inventors:  Trabelsi; Samir (Athens, GA), Nelson; Stuart O. (Athens, GA)
Assignee:  The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
microwave sensor and algorithm for instantaneous and nondestructive
determination of bulk density and moisture content in granular or particulate
materials at a single microwave frequency, especially agricultural commodities,
which uses an inexpensive microwave circuit for determining the real and
imaginary parts of relative complex permittivity using an algorithm for phase
correction."

The patent was filed on May 18, 2010 Application no. 12/782,079

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday

US scientists help increase Pak wheat productivity

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


US Department of Agriculture is helping farmers by introducing disease-resistant
varieties of wheat.

United States Department of Agriculture's Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
(WPEP) has introduced 60 advanced wheat varieties in Pakistan in the first of
115 wheat trials scheduled this year at the National Agricultural Research
Council (NARC) and other locations throughout Pakistan.


USDA scientists, together with the International Maize and Wheat Improvement
Center (CIMMYT), helped researchers at the Pakistan Agricultural Research
Council (PARC) establish the annual National Uniform Wheat Yield Trial (NUWYT)
at the National Agricultural Research Center (NARC) in Islamabad.

USDA helped identify and multiply a variety of wheat called, "NARC 2011," which
can resist wheat rust. After NUWYT tests proved the variety was well-suited for
the environment in Pakistan, it was released to and is now being used by
farmers.


"Wheat is critical to Pakistan's food security," said USDA Plant Health Advisor
Ian Winborne at a ceremony in NARC celebrating the establishment of the NUWYT.

"The United States is committed to working with Pakistani scientists to develop
solutions to wheat diseases that can affect crops here in Pakistan, and in the
United States.


The NUWYT is an important step in finding disease-resistant wheat varieties that
will feed the people of Pakistan for years to come."


USDA's WPEP is a collaborative project focused on scientific exchanges on wheat
productivity that help develop and introduce disease-resistant varieties,
improve agronomy practices, and upgrade infrastructure in Pakistan.


Mutually beneficial scientific exchange and research is an important feature of
the work carried out by the United States and Pakistan in agriculture.


U.S. and Pakistani agricultural scientists will also deepen their cooperation at
the U.S.-funded Center for Advanced Studies on agriculture.


The center is based in a Pakistani university and hosts regular exchanges
between top agricultural scientists from the United States and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Sambo in White House, Discusses Counter-Terrorism With Biden

BYLINE: Abiodun Oluwarotimi

LENGTH: 646 words


As part of his official visit to the United States of America, Vice-president
Namadi Sambo was in the White House where he discussed security issues and
counterterrorism with his counterpart in the United States, Mr. Joe Biden.

During the meeting which lasted for about 45 minutes, Vice-presidents Sambo and
Biden also discussed opportunities to deepen cooperation on issues of mutual
interest such as advancing trade and investment, promoting peace and security in
West Africa.

The United States vice president, who offered his condolences and those of the
American people to Sambo for the lives lost in the Boko Haram attacks on Easter
weekend in Kaduna and Kano, also reiterated the strong support of the government
of his country for Nigeria and its efforts to improve socioeconomic and security
conditions across the country, including in the north.

He also made it known that no amount of security threats could ruin the good
relationship that the government of the United States is having with the
government of Nigeria.

In his response, Vice-president Sambo reaffirmed the Nigerian government's
commitment to expanding services and access to electricity, enhancing
infrastructure to aid development and improving the quality of life for all of
Nigeria's citizens.

Sambo also assured Mr. Biden that the federal government has been doing
everything to provide adequate security for the people of the country and
foreigners who may want to invest in Nigeria.

Meanwhile Sambo has said that the Federal Government of Nigeria would make
agriculture the major driver of the country's economic growth and development.

Addressing foreign investors in the agricultur sector at the Agriculture
Investment Forum organised by the Nigerian Embassy in Washington, D.C., and the
Corporate Council on Africa, Sambo stressed that the transformation agenda of
the current administration has agriculture as one of the major drivers of the
economy.

"Based on our common understanding of the importance of agriculture, it's not
just in terms of food security and thereby contributing to poverty alleviation,
but also its abundant potential for employment generation," he said.

Noting that much effort would be concentrated towards large-scale production of
such staples as rice, cassava, sorghum, including opportunities in livestock,
fisheries, maize, soya beans, palm oil, cocoa and cotton, Vice-president Sambo
said, "The current focus on agriculture is to improve the value chain, moving
away from production of raw materials for export to agro-processing into
semi-finished product, especially in food production."

Urging American investors as well as Nigerians in the Diaspora to take advantage
of the abundant opportunities for investment in the above areas of the country's
agribusiness, Sambo noted that government has undertaken a number of reforms to
make Nigeria investor-friendly.

He said: "Both the federal and state governments have taken further steps to
entrench the enabling environment for foreign direct investment as the federal
government has committed a lot of resources towards the provision of
infrastructural facilities that will address the main factors militating against
investment generation."

He added that much attention was being committed to addressing the transport
sector by constructing roads and rehabilitating the abandoned 4,000Km railway
and constructing new lines, stressing that the administration was building new
thermal plants for the power sector and had created new inland water ways by the
dredging of River Niger and the consultancy service for River Benue had been
awarded.

On the security challenges that Nigeria faces, Sambo assured the investors that
government was addressing the challenges through various efforts, including
strengthening the capacity of the security agencies as well as collaboration
with the regional and international community.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 20, 1990, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

GATT round's end in nigh

BYLINE: Canadian Dow Jones and Associated Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: Geneva,Switzerland


  Arthur Dunkel, director general of GATT, said yesterday that a Brussels
ministerial meeting to wind up four years of world trade talks would take place
as scheduled in early December.

Dunkel, speaking to reporters, also said completion of the trade talks then
remained the goal. The General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade oversees most of
the world's trade.

There has been considerable speculation that fights over agricultural subsidies
would torpedo the talks, which have been dubbed the Uruguay Round after the
country where they were launched.

In an attempt to end the stalemate on farm reforms, the European Community's top
agriculture official held further talks yesterday with U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Clayton Yeutter.

A spokesman for EC Agriculture Commissioner Ray MacSharry said ''it was the
first time'' that the U.S. had ''considered in detail'' the EC Commission's
proposal to reduce agricultural subsidies.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 13, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Analysts See Price Drop As Crop Estimates Rise

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 423 words


An Agriculture Department report showing increased United States crop production
indicated price declines are on the way, analysts said yesterday. Meanwhile,
grain and soybean futures turned in a mixed performance on the Chicago Board of
Trade.

The report, released after the close of trading, projected the nation's corn
crop at 7.73 billion bushels, up 16 percent from the 6.65 billion bushels
harvested in 1980, when the crop was hurt by drought.

In its first estimate of soybean production, the Agriculture Department
projected a crop of 2.02 billion bushels, up 11 percent from a year ago.

''It's a negative report, even though it's coming into a market that's down
already,'' said Bob Lekberg, senior grain analyst with Shearson Loeb Rhoades
Inc. in Chicago.

Estimates Higher Than Expected

Mr. Lekberg said the corn and soybean crop estimates were higher than had been
expected, and suggested the nation's grain stocks would increase, putting
downward pressure on prices, unless the crop is hurt by poor weather.

Wheat production was estimated at 2.75 billion bushels, a 2 percent decrease
from the July estimate, but Mr. Lekberg said the Government's projection ''still
shows an adequate wheat crop.''

Wheat futures gained as much as 3 3/4 cents, with the September contract closing
at $4.02 3/4 a bushel; corn was 1 cent lower to 1 cent higher, with September at
$3.20 1/4 a bushel; oats were 1 cent to 3 cents higher, with September at $1.93
1/2 a bushel; and soybeans were 1/2 cent lower to 3 1/2 cents with September at
$7.10 a bushel.

On the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange, cocoa futures prices fell by as much as
$83 a ton under the influence of heavy commission house selling, according to
Mark Mueller, an analyst with Bache Halsey Stuart Shields in New York.

Coffee Futures Prices Soar

Reports of heavy damage to the coffee crop in the Brazilian state of Parana
increased coffee futures prices 1.30 cents to the 4-cent daily limit set by the
exchange, Mr. Mueller said. The September cocoa contract closed at $1,990 a ton.
September coffee closed at 117.51 cents a pound.

Sugar futures closed 0.10 cent to 0.41 cent lower, with pressure coming from
selling by speculators, Mr. Mueller said. The September delivery contract closed
at 15.48 cents a pound.

Hog and pork belly futures increased substantially on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange. Live and feeder cattle futures were mixed.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: National 4-H Conference Delegates Present to House Agriculture
Committee

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC: House Committee on Agriculture has issued the following press
release:



 Today, the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and
Research gathered to hear a presentation by the National 4-H Conference
participants concerning the future of agriculture in the United States.





 The National 4-H Organization is the nation's largest youth development
organization that serves to help its six million student members better
understand the agriculture industry. Last year, members of the Agriculture
Committee heard from 17 distinguished 4-H delegates to the National 4-H
Conference whose presentation highlighted the importance of bridging the gap
between rural and urban areas. Today, that discussion continued with 16
delegates from this year's conference recognizing the challenges associated with
food and fiber production, how to enhance global food security, and how those
challenges affect the future of agriculture.



 "For the second year in a row, it has been a pleasure to hear from such
distinguished young leaders in the agriculture industry on what they believe to
be the biggest challenges and opportunities facing agriculture in the United
States. The National 4-H Organization is a great platform for young students of
both agriculture and non-agriculture related backgrounds to develop leadership
skills and learn about this great industry. As we work toward developing the
next farm bill, it is essential we hear from a wide variety of stakeholders on
where we can make meaningful improvements to agriculture policy. Today's
discussion provided a great opportunity to hear from some of these young
stakeholders on what they hope to see for the future of agriculture," said
Subcommittee Chairman Rodney Davis (R-IL).



 "It's great to see so many young people involved and committed to agriculture.
We're often reminded that the average age of a farmer is in the 50s, but we
don't always hear about the great number of youth involved. It's critical that
we continue to make transitioning a farm from one family member to another as
easy as possible, as well as support policies that help pave the way for the
next generation of farmers. Organizations like 4-H, which I participated in many
years ago, are an important part of achieving those goals," said Subcommittee
Ranking Member Suzan DelBene (D-WA).



 "Once again, we are reminded of the bright future of our agriculture industry
when we engage with young leaders like the 4-H participants we heard from today.
I commend Chairman Davis for his constant work and enthusiasm for highlighting
our youth and the contributions they bring forth. The Agriculture Committee will
continue to focus on addressing the challenges and opportunities of U.S.
agriculture as we move forward on many legislative initiatives. Thank you to all
of these young leaders for their involvement and dedication to this great
industry," said Chairman K. Michael Conaway (R-TX).



 "Like many of the members and staff attending today's presentations, I'm a 4-H
kid. 4-H played an important role in my life when I was growing up and I
continue to utilize the skills the program taught me today. I think all of us
who represent rural America very much appreciate what 4-H does for the youth of
the country as well as what the youth of the country do for us," said Ranking
Member Collin Peterson (D-MN).

 Each year more than two hundred 4-H students from across the country
participate in the National 4-H Conference where they interact with executive
agencies and Congress on issues of national importance. Together, the
Cooperative Extension of 1862 and 1890 land-grant universities provide the
leadership to engage young people in 4-H in all 3,007 counties of the United
States reaching ever corner of the nation, from urban neighborhoods to rural
farming communities.  With a network of more than six million youth, 611,800
volunteers, 3,500 professionals, and more than 25 million alumni, 4-H helps
shape young leaders to be the driving change of a better tomorrow.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Washington: CBP Agriculture Specialists at Miami International Airport Seize
Poultry Hatching Eggs

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: Washington


Customs and Border Protection, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Office of Field Operations (OFO)
agriculture specialists at Miami International Airport seized a shipment of
hatching eggs arriving last Friday in an express mail package from Brazil.
Agriculture specialists selected the package, which was manifested as
"Handicraft Gifts," for inspection after unusual items were viewed on the X-ray.
While performing an enforcement examination of the package, agriculture
specialists discovered five individual hatching eggs.

Verification was made through the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) that this shipment was in
fact hatching eggs and that it lacked the proper import permit.

Hatching eggs are of concern to CBP due to their ability to carry highly
contagious diseases.

"Our CBP agriculture specialists work tirelessly to uphold CBP's agriculture
mission. They know what to look for and they know the consequences of
intentional or unintentional entry of biological threats into the United States
," said Miami International Airport Port Director Christopher Maston.

CBP agriculture specialists have extensive training and experience in the
biological sciences and in the inspection of agricultural commodities.

On a typical day, CBP agriculture specialists inspect tens of thousands of
international air passengers, and air and sea cargo nationally being imported to
the United States seizing 4,447 prohibited meat, plant materials or animal
products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     July 10, 1986, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. official sees trade gain in agriculture

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E21

LENGTH: 261 words

DATELINE: SASKATOON


   SASKATOON (CP) - Prospects for growth in world agricultural trade are
favorable despite the experience of the last several years, says Robert
Thompson, assistant secretary for economics in the United States agriculture
department.

"A return to more normal 2.7 to 2.8 per cent rate of growth in demand for farm
products abroad is likely with economic growth and expected increases in
population," he told an Agricultural Institute of Canada conference this week.

The global population is increasing by 80 million each year, Thompson said, and
political pressure for dietary improvements in many middle-income countries is
on the rise.

More costly

"This could force governments back toward agricultural and trade policies that
encourage faster growth in food supplies."

Thompson said political and economic factors are working to slow food production
abroad.

Many of the farm programs underlying expansion in output of the early 1980s have
proven to be more costly than expected, he said. These costs, combined with
other budgetary pressures associated with the financial and economic reverses of
the decade, will make it difficult for many countries to continue the programs.

Thompson said the United States will no longer subsidize a high world wheat
price.

"We became the Saudi Arabia of the world wheat market," he said. "All downward
price adjustments were set by us."

As a result, U.S. farm exports fell 37 per cent since 1981 as subsidized wheat
from other nations undercut the United States in traditional markets, he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           October 4, 1995, Wednesday

US PREPARES FOR TRADE BATTLE IN ASIA OVER GRAIN SUBSIDIES

BYLINE: RON CORBEN; Special to The Journal of Commerce

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: BANGKOK, Thailand


The United States is gearing up for a fresh trade battle in Asia even as its
primary target declares that Washington is at fault this time.

Fallout from a U.S. decision to use subsidies to increase its share of regional
grain markets seems likely to cast a cloud over preparations for the meeting of
leaders of the 18 members of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation orum in Japan
next month.

Australia protested Monday over what it deems unfairly subsidized sales of farm
produce in Asia, a primary market for Australian growers.

This was prompted by the announcement that the United States intends to use
subsidies - called the Export Enhancement Program - to carve out a bigger share
of regional sales.

"Of course, when we're talking about using (the EEP) for wheat, our Australian
friends are not very happy because they consider Asia their market," Richard
Rominger, deputy secretary at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, told The
Journal of Commerce.

Mr. Rominger, in Bangkok as part of a regional tour, said Asia and Latin America
will be key future markets in the grain sector. In Asia, the rising demand for
grains opened the way for a greater application of the EEP program, he said.

Both Austr alia and the United States are usually seen as strong proponents of
freer trade within the Asia-Pacific.

Mr. Rominger acknowledged the U.S. move invites protests from Australia, a
significant grain exporter whose industry is largely free of government subsidy
and export assistance. The U.S. position is that the Asia region is ''such a
rapidly growing market that there is room for both," he said.

East and Southeast Asia are the leading import markets for both wheat and corn,
accounting for 27.6 million metric tons of wheat, or 28 percent of the global
total, and 35 million tons of corn or 59 percent.

Indonesia is another target country of the more aggressive application of the
EEP. Australia and the United States have clashed before over subsidized
American grain sold to Indonesia.

In an address to a grain trade conference here, Mr. Rominger said growing demand
in Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, the Philippines and South Korea makes them key
markets for exporters.

The EEP remains "an important tool for the United States to protect our
interests from unfair trading practices," he said. Washington maintains the EEP
is a means to counter European Union-subsidized programs for agriculture.

The European program will cost its members some $ 50 billion in 1996 on
crop-related subsidies, Mr. Rominger said, "about seven times what the U.S. will
spend on a similar program."

The United States is committed to expanding agricultural exports by 50 percent
by the end of the decade, with additional sales of $ 22 billion over the $ 44
billion shipped last year, he said.

In terms of agricultural exports, the Asia-Pacific region accounts for more than
40 percent of total U.S. sales. "By the year 2000, that figure could be 50
percent," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 17, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Settles Suit by Bank

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D;  Page 13;  Column 5;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 16


The Justice Department said today that it was ending its opposition to settling
a civil suit brought against the Department of Agriculture by Banca Nazionale
del Lavoro of Rome.

The suit was an element in the welter of actions resulting from allegations and
investigations over whether the Bush Administration had secretly armed Iraq and
then tried to cover up its actions after Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait.

The Department of Agriculture announced it had settled the suit, which had been
brought in the United States Court of Federal Claims, by agreeing to pay the
bank $400 million. B.N.L. sued the department to recover money it had lost when
Iraq defaulted on payments in August 1990, shortly before the Persian Gulf war.
B.N.L. had been assigned guarantees on the loans by the department's Commodity
Credit Corporation.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Head Line: US Patent granted to The United States of America, as Represented by
the Secretary of Agriculture (District of Columbia) on December 27, 2016 titled
as "Sprayable dispersed starch-based bioplastic formulation to control pests"

LENGTH: 307 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,526,240 on December 27, 2016, to The United States of America, as Represented
by the Secretary of Agriculture (District of Columbia) titled as "Sprayable
dispersed starch-based bioplastic formulation to control pests"

Inventors: Abbas; Hamed K (Greenville, MS), Accinelli; Cesare (Bologna, IT)


Assignee: The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC) Alma Mater Studiorum-Universita di Bologna
(Bologna, IT) (District of Columbia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
sprayable liquid biodegradable formulation comprising biocontrol microorganisms
imbedded in a dispersed starch-based bioplastic is effective for delivering
biocontrol microorganisms and bioactive compounds to soil, crops and seeds and
facilitating positioning of biocontrol agents in close proximity to target
pests. After application with conventional spray equipment, water evaporates
rapidly and the dispersed bioplastic formula remains, serving as a prolonged
growth substrate for the biocontrol microorganisms. Application of the
bioplastic dispersion formulation comprising Beauveria bassiana significantly
reduced damages caused by the European Corn Borer in corn and the Tarnished
Plant Bug in cotton. Applying a formulation of spores of a non-aflatoxigenic A.
flavus isolate resulted in a 97% reduction of aflatoxin contamination of corn.
The bioplastic dispersion formulation is effective in delivering crystal
Bacillus thuringiens endotoxins to European Corn Borer larvae, causing 72%
mortality. The sprayable bioplastic formulation protects seeds from soil-borne
pathogens, thereby reducing damping-off in tomato plants by up to 85%."

The patent was filed on May 13, 2014 Application No. 14/276,224


LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan?s
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector?s sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo?s U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan?s export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan?s agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan?s agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan?s
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector?s sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo?s U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan?s export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan?s agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan?s agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          September 20, 1994, Tuesday

US TO CONTINUE AGRICULTURAL AID TO INDIGENT HAITI

BYLINE: HOWARD SIMON; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 558 words


While the U.S.-led intervention forces occupy Haiti Monday, the United States
will continue existing agricultural aid to that Caribbean country to assure
uninterrupted supplies of grain and other foods, sources at the U.S. Department
of Agriculture said.

"We will continue agricultural aid to the impoverished country for umanitarian
reasons," said the USDA source, who requested anonymity.

U.S. food shipments to Haiti under PL480, commonly known as the Food for Peace
Program, include 1,900 metric tons of bulgur wheat and 400 metric tons of
wheat-soy blends (for animal feed) from Houston to Port-au-Prince, for arrival
Oct. 5; 500 metric tons of green peas, Oct. 5-20; and 330 metric tons of
vegetable oil, said a spokesman for the Transportation News Ticker, a
Knight-Ridder Information News Service company. (One metric ton equals 2,205
pounds.)

The Food for Peace program "continues" as the U.S. orchestrates a peaceful
restoration to power of deposed President, the Rev. Jean-Bertrand Aristide, said
David Hagen, a commodity specialist for the U.S. Agency for International
Development in Washington. AID is a division of the State Department.

Sanctions, put in place last May to pressure the current military junta from
power, did not include food donations from the United States, the agency said.

The Clinton administration hammered out an agreement Sunday with the ruling
government in Haiti, allowing the leaders to step down voluntarily by Oct. 15 in
return for amnesty, thus averting an invasion.

Mr. Hagen said Haiti has "stocks of U.S.-donated food in guarded warehouses to
last a few months."

In fiscal 1994, ending Sept. 30, the USDA - which is responsible for
administering food assistant requests from other countries - assigned about $
35.8 million worth of food to Haiti under PL480. Most of the grain and other
food would be "give aways" under Title Two or Title Three of the program, which
allows U.S government use of surplus food for humanitarian purposes, said Rene
Bafalis, a Usaid spokeswomen.

In 1993, U.S. food assistance to Haiti was $ 41.3 million.

Prior to the overthrow of Mr. Aristide from office in 1992, the United States
was Haiti's largest trading partner, sending about 60 percent of its
agricultural and industrial products to the United States. Conversely, 85
percent of Haitian imports were from the United States.

Exports through Port-au-Prince, Haiti's principal port, include coffee, sugar,
rice, flour, corn and sorghums - the former two almost exclusively to the United
States. Haitian agricultural exports, although modest, also are shipped to Italy
and France.

The country has been an exporter of textiles and flour, mainly though the free
port in neighboring Dominican Republic. Once a principal bauxite producer in the
Caribbean, Haiti ended production 10 years ago. Jamaica mines and exports most
of the region's bauxite ore, the raw material for aluminum.

Exports of cement, formerly barged to the United States, stopped after the
Haitian coup and are now "virtually nonexistent and not expected to resume
soon," said George A. Rabchevsky, a country specialist for the U.S. Bureau of
Mines division of International Minerals, Washington.

Most of Haiti's mineral production, which includes cement, sand and limestone
for cement, is now used domestically.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 29, 1989, Friday

JAPAN HOPES TO SERVE ITS PAMPERED BEEF IN THE US

BYLINE: RONALD E. YATES; Chicago Tribune

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 910 words

DATELINE: MIYAZAKI, Japan


After losing the war to keep American beef out of Japan, the Japanese plan to go
on the offensive and sell the world's most expensive beef to the United States.

As early as Christmas, farmers in Japan's primary beef-producing areas, the
Miyazaki and Kagoshima prefectures, say they will have $ 45 to $ 165 per pound
himofuri beef in American supermarkets.

Shimofuri beef is produced from huge Japanese wagyu cattle, which are fed
high-protein grain mixed with beer for 20 months and then massaged by their
handlers. The result is highly marbled and tender beef used in cooking such
Japanese dishes as sukiyaki and shabu shabu.

American cattle, by comparison, are usually brought to market weight within 13
months and are only fed grain the last month or two before slaughter. The result
is a leaner cut of beef that the U.S. beef industry says contains less
cholesterol.

"Japanese wagyu beef production is as much an art form as it is agriculture,"
said Toshikazu Tanaka, marketing director for the U.S. Meat Export Federation in
Tokyo. "Selling this expensive beef in the United States will be a huge
psychological boost for an industry that feels very discouraged right now."

In order to ship their beef to the United States, Japanese farmers in Miyazaki
invested $ 500,000 to convert a beef-processing plant to meet rigid U.S. health
standards.

A team of U.S. Department of Agriculture inspectors has been touring Japanese
beef-processing plants in Miyazaki and Kagoshima on the southern island of
Kyushu and in the Gunma prefecture north of Tokyo since early this month to see
if they meet U.S. standards. The inspectors are expected to issue a report next
month.

To help Japanese farmers in their push to export beef to the United States,
Japan's Ministry of Agriculture this year allocated $ 2.5 million for technical
and marketing assistance, said Tomio Noda, chief of the ministry's meat
distribution division.

"When the Japanese government agreed to liberalize the beef and citrus markets
by 1991, a lot of Japanese farmers were discouraged," Mr. Noda said. ''So we
want to encourage them to go on the offensive and export to the United States."
The government agreed last year to lift all restrictions on beef imports by 1991
after years of struggle that became known as the "meat war."

Exporting agricultural products is a relatively new experience for Japan. In
1988 it exported just $ 900 million worth of agricultural products while
importing $ 27.3 billion - more than any other country. Part of that $ 900
million consisted of Japanese "mikans" (tangerines) and nashi (pears), which
went on sale on America's East Coast for the first time last year.

"Once we start exporting Japanese beef to the U.S. - the world's No. 1 beef
market - it will not only raise the morale of Japanese farmers, it will be the
culmination of a dream we have had since 1983," said Takao Arakawa, director of
the livestock department of the Miyazaki Agricultural Cooperative Association.

Mr. Arakawa said penetrating the American market ultimately will lead to greater
profits in Japa n.

"Everybody knows how strict and tough the beef market is in the U.S., so if we
can sell our beef there, it will mean, in the eyes of the Japanese consumer,
that Japanese beef is safe and healthy," Mr. Arakawa said.

The biggest question facing Japanese beef producers in America, however, is not
so much the issue of safety or health, but of cost.

American consumers, who can buy excellent cuts of beef for less than $ 4 a
pound, may balk at beef costing $ 45 a pound and up, some Japanese producers
admit. However, they add, in New York alone there are 200 Japanese restaurants
that marketing queries reveal will readily pay to get "real" shimofuri beef. The
same probably applies to places like Los Angeles and Chicago, they say.

"We will start with about one metric ton a month," Mr. Arakawa said. ''And even
though the price will be four to five times what American beef costs, we will
target Japanese and Japanese-Americans as our initial market."

Beef is one area in which the United States runs a trade surplus with Japan.
While Japan is by far the biggest single customer for American beef, pork and
veal products, Americans haven't eaten imported Japanese beef since 1976, when
import regulations shut what little Japanese beef was shipped to America out of
the U.S. market.

Last year the United States sold 164,000 metric tons of beef in Japan, valued at
$ 841 million - a 28 percent increase over 1987.

Those figures are expected to increase by 30 percent a year until the mid-1990s,
industrysources say. Japan buys 42 percent of its imported beef from the United
States, while Australia accounts for about 55 percent. Imported beef amounts to
about 40 percent of the Japanese beef market.

With Japan's beef market scheduled for full liberalization in 1991, Japanese
beef producers already have invested $ 100 million in the U.S. beef industry in
an effort to corner a share of their own market with cheaper, more efficiently
produced American beef.

Also, Japanese producers plan to produce expensive Japanese beef in the United
States once the market for it is firmly established.

"It's almost the same strategy the Japanese used in selling cars in the U.S.,"
said British marketing analyst Roger Atchison. "First, they found a niche, and
then they expanded from there. American beef producers had better beware."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: TOP OF THE DAY

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 14, 1991, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

GATT close to deal, EC farm official says

BYLINE: Robert Graham Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: Rome, Italy


EC agriculture commissioner Ray MacSharry said yesterday there is a good chance
the Uruguay Round of global trade talks can end in agreement before yearend.

The 108-nation round of talks under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
broke down late last year after the European Community rejected the deep cuts in
farm export subsidies proposed by the U.S. and other food exporting nations.

MacSharry told ministers in Rome for the bi-annual meeting of the UN's Food and
Agriculture Organization: ''I am now more optimistic about a successful,
balanced outcome before the end of the year in which all participants will find
advantages.''

He was speaking after talks on Tuesday night with Edward Madigan, U.S.
agriculture secretary, during which the two assessed concessions made by the EC
and U.S. in weekend talks at The Hague under the aegis of U.S. President George
Bush.

The talks showed both sides are willing to narrow their differences on farm
subsidies and U.S. farm exports, MacSharry said. He said his talks with Madigan
had served to establish exactly where outstanding differences lay, and helped
ensure both sides understood each other's latest positions.

The EC feels its negotiating hand has been strengthened by backing from its 12
member states for MacSharry's latest GATT proposals, framed in the context of
reforming the EC 's Common Agriculture Policy.

MacSharry said he wants to clear Brussels' new stance with other interested
parties, especially the Cairns group of 14 farm exporters, of which Canada is a
member. He stressed the need for ''a balanced agreement'' satisfactory to all.
Officials said EC movement on farm subsidies had to take account of issues like
Japanese and South Korean rice protection.

MacSharry said talks now centred on narrowing differences over new U.S.
suggestions for export refund cuts.

Over the weekend, the U.S. asked the EC to consider cuts of either 35% over six
years or 30% over five years. This is near what the EC would now be ready to
accept, but the two sides disagree on the base years from which the cuts will be
calculated. The U.S. would also like to see cuts not merely in export funding
but export volume.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                       May 6, 1988, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Free trade helps GATT, Wise says

BYLINE: Frances Phillips

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 395 words


  Federal Agriculture Minister John Wise believes the successful negotiation of
the Canada-U.S. free trade deal could provide a precedent for settling global
agricultural disputes at the Uruguay Round of GATT in Geneva.

The successful negotiation of the bilateral trade agreement on a
commodity-by-commodity basis sends a signal to the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade that it can be done, Wise said in an interview yesterday.

Wise said he fully expects Prime Minister Brian Mulroney to place the global
farm crisis issue at the top of the agenda when he addresses world leaders at
the Economic Summit in Toronto next month.

Mulroney has scheduled a briefing session with major farm groups shortly before
the G-7 meeting from June 19-21, Wise said.

It is widely recognized that protectionist programs developed to maintain farm
income and stabilize market prices have contributed to global problems and to
the distortion of commodity prices.

However, there is a growing fear that political changes in member countries -
particularly the U.S. presidential election this November - could postpone
consideration of sensitive agricultural issues.

''Traditionally, agriculture has been front and centre of (multilateral) talks.
But often, nothing is resolved, or agriculture has been traded off against other
industries,'' Wise said.

Should pressing agricultural trade disputes remain unresolved after the GATT
mid-term Montreal meeting in December, Wise believes the trade war, principally
between the Economic Community and the U.S., will escalate.

The Americans, he said, ''have served notice that they are quite prepared to
turn up the burners'' on their already generous Export Enhancement Program for
wheat.

As for Canada, ''there would certainly be a maintenance of support levels'' to
farmers in the grains and oilseeds sectors.

The main issue in the agricultural debate is untangling the network of
agricultural support programs that affect production, consumption, and trade.

But while politicians around the world are quick to admit that some domestic
agricultural policies are expensive and don't work, they are reluctant to take
the plunge and curtail politically sensitive farm support programs.

''I can see a place for decoupling, but I can see it in the European Economic
Community,'' Wise said.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: John Wise: Free trade deal could set a precedent

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    November 3, 2003 Monday Ontario Edition

Don't ship Canadian beef, Japan to tell U.S.

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 334 words


Japanese Agriculture Minister Yukio Hattori will ask the United States to ban
the exportation of Canadian beef bound for Japan via the United States, citing
continued concerns over mad cow disease, according to media sources in the
Japanese capital.

The Japanese request comes in response to the American intention to start
importing veal from Canada early next year.

On Friday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, in a written release, said it
wants to change regulations on bovine spongiform encephalopathy to allow live
cattle under 30 months to be imported from countries that have BSE but are
classified minimal risk because of their prevention and detection procedures.

Interested parties now have 60 days to respond. Based on those comments, the
USDA could amend, change or ditch the proposal.

The Japanese decision is based in part on the discovery of a 23-month-old bull
reportedly to have been infected with a variant strain of mad cow disease in
Japan last month. Scientists generally thought animals under the age of 30
months were safe from the disease.

According to the sources, the Japanese Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and
Fisheries will be requesting that the U.S. start certifying the origin of all
its beef products intended for export to ensure that nothing has come from
Canada.

Under the current American certification system, which started in September,
only the location of where the animals are slaughtered is certified.

Both the United States and Japan closed their borders to Canadian cattle and
beef products after a single animal was diagnosed with mad cow disease in
Alberta last May.

The U.S. and Canadian cattle industries were highly integrated up until the mad
cow scare. Canada has traditionally sold more than 70 per cent of its live
cattle to the United States.

Mad cow disease destroys the brains of affected animals, so eating the spines
and brains of cattle are considered higher risk to infect humans with
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 17, 2001

P&J to cover US farm outlook conference

BYLINE: By Jwatson

SECTION: Business:Farm/Food:News, Pg.19

LENGTH: 161 words


ONE of the world's biggest agricultural outlook conferences takes place next
week in the US - and the Press and Journal is to be there reporting from it.

Business and agriculture editor Joe Watson, right, is attending the United
States Department of Agriculture world agriculture forum conference in
Arlington, Virginia, just a few miles from Washington DC.

The conference is to feature presentations from Mike Moore, the director-general
of the World Trade Organisation, and Ann Veneman, the first woman to become US
Agriculture Secretary.

New US president George W Bush has underlined his commitment to support
agriculture in the States - the world's largest agricultural producer.

And plans are afoot to re-draw America's controversial Freedom to Farm Act,
which previous US Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman last year admitted had
failed.

America is calling for a more liberalised world agricultural market in the
ongoing international trade talks.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2001 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 12, 1987, Tuesday, Final Edition

Yeutter Sees Action on Subsidies;
OECD Meeting May Back Farm Reforms

BYLINE: Hobart Rowen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 868 words

DATELINE: PARIS, May 11, 1987


U.S. Trade Representative Clayton K. Yeutter said today he expects a significant
breakthrough in the effort to cut back global farm subsidies at a high-level
international meeting that begins here tomorrow.

Yeutter, who is here for a ministerial meeting of the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development, endorsed a section of the OECD communique to be
issued Wednesday proposing major reforms of government support programs that
generate huge agricultural surpluses.

A key element of the OECD approach is expected to be adoption in principle of a
new statistical technique to evaluate the costs of agriculture subsidies in
various countries. The idea is to define exactly the degree of protection
offered -- commodity by commodity and country by country -- so that assistance
can be exactly compared.

The OECD drive to control food and farm excesses is led by the United States and
is meeting resistance from West Germany and Japan. But it has the backing of
Canada, Great Britain, Australia, New Zealand and other important agricultural
producers.

And after many years of fighting agriculture reform, France appears to have
switched sides, a reflection of improving efficiency on French farms.

West German politicians are not sure that they can survive opposition by their
powerful farm groups, and Japan drags its heels because it claims it is not a
major player on the export side.

But the argument within the OECD is that Japan could and should be a major
importer if its subsidies were sharply curtailed. Officials cite the rice
situation: By controlling the volume of imports, Japan protects powerful rice
farmers with a price about 10 times that of the world price. Indirectly, that
distortion leads to extraordinary land values in Japan that severely limit home
construction.

According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Japan has the highest
agricultural price support levels of any major country, primarily because of
rice. The European Community is ranked a close second, and the United States
third. Australia is said to have the lowest level of supports.

In the United States, opposition to dampening price supports is likely to be
strongest from dairy producers, who receive the most generous assistance.

The OECD is expected to adopt this week a version of a system devised in the
United States that calculates production subsidy equivalents (PSE) and consumer
subsidy equivalents (CSE) in each country.

The PSE-CSE approach shows net transfers into the agriculture sector from other
sectors in the economy. Each number generated is a ratio. For example, the PSE
is a ratio between the value of transfers received by farm producers divided by
their income.

The results, its proponents say, amount to a fairly precise index of government
intervention on behalf of agriculture. The system also can be used to show how
much of that support is paid for by all taxpayers, and how much is paid only by
consumers through higher prices. The sum of all these indicators in a country
can be used to establish rankings by degree of protection.

The system takes into account not only the fairly obvious cost of budgetary
support for farmers, but the indirect cost of tariffs, quotas, variable levies
and other devices that limit supply and raise prices to consumers.

"This potentiality for comparability is a significant step toward finding a
common ground for negotiation" of new rules for agriculture trade, according to
a study by the Department of Agriculture.

Liberalization of agriculture trade has been one of the main American objectives
in the forthcoming new round of negotiations to update the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade, the global compact that regulates international commerce.

Until 1980, the United States held sway in world agricultural trade: Two out of
every five tons of farm products traded worldwide were produced on U.S. farms,
according to the Agriculture Department.

But in the 1980s this trend was reversed. Global growth in agricultural trade
came to a halt, and U.S. farm exports dropped by more than a third. The United
States -- although it still is the leading farm products exporter -- blames the
decline in part on agricultural protectionism that grew out of the more general
global slump.

Yeutter believes that if the OECD nations band together to switch the basis of
national protection of farmers from production supports to maintenance of
income, huge surpluses and rising consumer prices can be ended.

In interviews here, trade officials concede an uphill fight against farm lobbies
in all countries. But they think the expected OECD declaration, if followed by a
strong endorsement from the leaders at the Venice economic summit, will provide
ammunition for the reform movement.

A Yeutter aide said that if the major agricultural powers agree to work together
to reduce production supports, farm income would not necessarily drop
dramatically because a drop in worldwide food supplies could raise depressed
prices in many markets. To illustrate the point, this official -- not intending
to make a prediction -- said that if farm supports were to drop by 10 percent,
farm income itself might drop only 4 percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 3, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SCIENCE WATCH;
Chemicals Of Neem Tree Deter Pests

SECTION: Section C; Page 5, Column 2; Science Desk

LENGTH: 278 words


SCIENTISTS with the United States Department of Agriculture have derived a new,
''natural'' insecticide from a tree that grows prolifically in tropical regions.

In experiments, chemicals extracted from the neem tree, a native of Asia and
Africa, have deterred more than 80 different agricultural pests, including
carpet beetles, tobacco budworms, striped cucumber beetles, Mexican bean
beetles, Colorado potato beetles, North American grasshoppers, citrus mealybugs,
naval orangeworms and confused flour beetles. Neem-laced baits also kill young
cockroaches and inhibit egg laying by adult roaches.

In tropical countries, neem trees have long had many uses, providing wood,
fodder, medicines and shade as well as protection from pests. In India, for
example, the ground-up seeds are often added to stored grain to keep out
insects.

''As natural products, neem insecticides are probably biodegradable and
environmentally safe, although not all tests are complete,'' said Hiram Larew,
an entomologist with the Agricultural Research Service in Beltsville, Md. The
scientists have developed a commercial neem-derived product that the
Environmental Protection Agency is considering for vegetable and ornamental
crops.

The scientists expect it will be especially useful against leafminers, which
cost flower and vegetable growers $15 million a year in California alone. Added
to the soil, neem compounds enter roots and move up into plant leaves. When
leafminer worms eat the leaves, their hormonal signals for molting get jammed,
and they get fatally trapped inside their own skins. Neem-based commercial
products for fighting cockroaches have not yet been developed.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 5, 2003, Saturday

GLOBAL BEEF EXPORTS RISE

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 504 words

HIGHLIGHT: Simmental bull beef on the Hamilton farm


GLOBAL beef exports during 2003 are expected to increase by four per cent, or
255,000 tonnes, on 2002 levels, to more than 6.6 million tonnes, according to
forecast from the United States Department of Agriculture.

Exports from all the main exporting nations, such as Australia, the US, Brazil
and Europe, are expected to increase on year-earlier levels in line with an
anticipated increase in the global beef import demand.

In spite of the fact that Australian beef production is forecast to decrease by
more than two per cent in 2003, to just over two million tonnes, total
Australian beef exports are expected to increase by almost five per cent, to
64,000 tonnes, on 2002 levels, to a record level of 1.425 million tonnes.

Much of this increase will be fuelled by an increased import demand from Japan
and, to a lesser extent, Korea, while any further increase in the volumes of
beef exported to the United States is likely to be limited by quota strictions.

In the United States, total beef production is forecast to decrease by almost
four per cent on 2002 levels to less than 12 million tonnes reflecting an
anticipated increase in the level of cow and heifer retentions during 2003.

As a result of the lower domestic supply situation, the USDA forecasts that
total US beef exports in 2003 will be restricted to just over 1.16 million
tonnes, or four per cent, higher than 2002 levels as further export expansion
will be constrained by higher domestic prices.

Exports from the European Union are forecast to increase by almost four per cent
during 2003, to 530,000 tonnes.

The USDA forecasts that much of this increase it likely to be limited to the
Russian and Eastern European markets.

Any further relaxation of import controls in the Middle East may also result in
increased beef exports from the EU.

However, the growing presence of competively-priced South American beef
appearing on the global market will make it difficult for the EU to regain its
market share in its traditional Middle Eastern markets.

Continuing a decade of expanding beef production, the USDA forecasts that
Brazilian beef output during 2003 will increase by a further three per cent, or
190,000 tonnes, to just over 7.4 million tonnes.

As a result, Brazilian beef exports are expected to reach 970,000 tonnes in
2003, a 10 per cent increase on year-earlier levels and more than treble the
total volume exported by Brazil in 1998.

A favourable exchange rate, low production costs and acceptance of its regional
FMD-free status by many countries in 2002, allowed Brazil to increase its
exports to many markets, such as Europe and Russia in particular, and this is
likely to continue throughout 2003.

Of the other South American countries, only Argentina is likely to significantly
increase its beef export volumes during 2003.

For the year as a whole, the USDA forecasts beef exports from Argentina will
increase by almost 15 per cent, or 50,000 tonnes, on 2002 levels, to 390,000
tonnes.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 20, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Saving on Farm Budget Voted

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 20, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 19


The Senate Agriculture Committee approved a $1.3 billion package of budget
savings today that lawmakers said was unlikely to reduce the income of the
nation's farmers.

''I believe that we must do all that we can to achieve these savings without
reducing the income of hard-pressed farmers throughout America,'' Senator
Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said after approval on a voice vote.

The committee was under pressure to come up with a savings package to avoid
broader, automatic cuts that otherwise would go into effect under the
deficit-reducing law. Congress and the President must agree on about $23 billion
in budget savings, spending cuts or increased takes to avoid the automatic cuts
required by the law.

The agriculture measure would delay a reduction in dairy price supports, but it
relies most heavily on an acreage reduction program for corn and wheat
producers.

The Senate plan would empower the Agriculture Secretary to require corn and
wheat producers participating in Federal farm programs to set aside additional
acreage as a way of reducing Government payments. The plan is expected to save
more than $1.2 billion in the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.

Lawmakers expressed doubt, however, that producers would actually be called on
to idle additional acreage. They said the levels of crops in storage that would
set the acreage reduction plan in motion most likely would not be reached this
fiscal year or the two following years.

The acreage reduction program would be set into motion for corn if stocks
reached 6 billion bushels and for wheat if stocks reached 1.9 billion bushels.

Farm budget savings required under the deficit-reduction law are based on the
estimate that 6 billion bushels of corn and 1.9 billion bushels of wheat would
be placed in storage at taxpayers' expense this year. But current estimates are
well below those levels.

Dairy provisions of the plan would allow the Secretary to reduce price supports
by 20 cents from their current level of $11.10 per 100 pounds on Jan. 1 and
possibly by a further 25 cents on July 1 if in both cases purchases are
projected to be above 5 billion pounds, as expected.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

DIVERSITECH INC secures contract for O&M SERVICES AT THE SOUTHERN REGIONAL
RESEARCH CENTER IN NEW ORLEANS, LA

LENGTH: 130 words

DATELINE: United States


United States, July 16 -- Contract Id: 169743

Description: United States based DIVERSITECH INC has secured contract from
Department of Agriculture for O&M SERVICES AT THE SOUTHERN REGIONAL RESEARCH
CENTER IN NEW ORLEANS, LA.

The contract is valued approximately $11,472,423.

Country: United States

Sector: Industry

Contract awarded to DIVERSITECH INC. 110 BOGGS LANE, SUITE 230 CINCINNATI, Ohio
45246-3157 United States

Contract awarded to executing agency: Department of Agriculture Department of
Agriculture Office: Agricultural Research Service Location: Western Business
Service Center

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pivotal Sources. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            March 1, 2003, Saturday

PROPOSAL IS 'STEP' IN RIGHT DIRECTION'

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 108 words


A proposal to establish the basis for further agricultural negotiations within
the World Trade Organisation (WTO) was a step in the right direction but "does
not go quite far enough", a United States Department of Agriculture official has
said.

The proposal, made by WTO lead agriculture negotiator, Stuart Harbinson, would
decrease US supports to $ 12,000 million annually, from the current $ 19,000
million, but allow the European Union to spend more than $ 42,000 million a
year," USDA Special Counsel, David Hegwood, told the Agricultural Outlook Forum
in Virginia.

"This is simply unpalatable for the United States," he added.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 13, 2000

Attack on new cash aid for US farmers

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture: USA, Pg.18

LENGTH: 221 words


A SCOTTISH farming leader last night attacked another multi-billion -pound
bailout that seems likely to be paid to farmers in the United States ahead of
Congressional and Presidential elections in November.

Jim Walker, the Scottish NFU president, derided the cash aid that looks set to
be agreed before votes are cast in the US elections.

He said: "This is just typical of the United States. It is supposed to the
world's advocate of free trade, but here they are supporting their agricultural
industry again. They even have an eye on the elections.

"Meantime our Government does not to listen to the problems our industry has
here."

US Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman accepts the need for more cash for US
farmers, who since 1998 have had more than GBP 15billion in extra aid from their
government on top of the subsidies they already receive.

Mr Glickman told a news conference, held by National Farmers Union of the US in
Washington, that more money was needed by the nation's farmers.

He said the administration would work with Congress in assessing how much
additional disaster aid was needed in response to widespread droughts and other
weather -related crop failures across the States.

There are just 19 days left in the current US legislative session before
Congress breaks up for the elections.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Farmer to Farmer

LENGTH: 271  words


Sector : Agriculture and Food Security
Other Implementing Partner(s): Ministry of Agriculture
Region of Operation: Amhara, Oromia, SNNP, and Tigray
Goal: Improve agriculture productivity and food security.


Objectives: Raise awareness of international best practices and develop greater
knowledge of policy alternatives, which will empower key policy makers to push
for policy reform and increase the efficiency of program management.
Description:
The Farmer to Farmer activity is an exchange program that will bring 125
American farmers to work side-by-side with Ethiopian farmers, researchers, and
educators to assist the farming community in agricultural value chain
competitiveness by providing technical assistance to introduce new technologies
and innovations.
Expected Results:
* Increased gross value of sales of assisted farmers
* Increased gross annual income of adopting hosts
* Improved production practice of farmers
Other Implementing Partner(s): Ministry of Agriculture
Address : P.O.Box 62347
Addis Ababa,
Ethiopia
Website : http://www.moa.gov .et/
Tel. 251-116460746
Fax 251-116460651
Project completion date : 2018-09-29 12:00:00
Major organization : CATHOLIC RELIEF SERVICES (CRS)

Address : 228 W. Lexington St.
Baltimore, Maryland 21201-3443

Country :United States
Email : info@crs.org

Url : http://www.crs.org /

Financier : United States Agency for International Development (USAID),

Financier address : United States Agency for International Development (USAID)
1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW,
Washington, DC 20004,
United States
Website : www.usaid.gov /
Tel :  (202) 712-4810,202-712-0000
Fax : (202) 216-3524

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC) on October 14, titled as "Gel vaccine delivery
system for treating poultry"

LENGTH: 145  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,858,959, on
October 14, 2014, to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC), titled as "Gel vaccine delivery system for
treating poultry"

Inventors:  Jenkins; Mark C. (Davidsonville, MD), Fetterer; Raymond H. (College
Park, MD), Persyn; Joseph T. (San Antonio, TX)
Assignee:  The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Safe
and effective gel-bead vaccines for treating domesticated birds for diseases
caused by cyst-forming protozoa, especially for coccidiosis."

The patent was filed on July 11, 2012 Application no. 13/546,455

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 20, 1999 Saturday

Agriculture minister wants chickens kept out of magazine dispute with U.S.
Marchi denies he or the PM were involved with retaliation list

BYLINE: HEATHER SCOFFIELD Parliamentary Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: Ottawa


Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief says chicken imports should not be dragged
into the Canada-U.S. dispute over magazines, even though the Prime Minister is
said to favour the chicken option.

The federal government is preparing a list of possible retaliation options to
throw back at the United States if negotiations on Canada's magazine protection
policy fall through and a trade war begins.

The list is informal, but sources say Prime Minister Jean Chrétien's top option
is to block imports of chicken parts, produced mainly in Arkansas -- President
Bill Clinton's home state -- by Tyson Foods Inc., a major Clinton supporter.

But Mr. Vanclief, who has to deal regularly with a long list of agricultural
trade irritants, does not want to see chicken thrown into the mix.

"I've made my views very clear," he said in an interview yesterday. "We should
not be using products such as chicken if we're going to get into the game of
retaliating. . . . That should not be one of the bargaining chips."

He said Canada's retaliation list is only at a verbal level so far. But he said
he is concerned about mixing the sensitive agriculture sector -- which is
already embroiled in numerous trade disputes with the United States -- with
Canada's cultural-protection measures.

"That wisdom [of putting chicken imports on the list] in my view makes about as
much sense as the Americans talking about magazines, putting steel on the list,"
he said. "There's not a whole lot of connection between Sports Illustrated and
steel. And there's not a whole lot of connection between Sports Illustrated and
chicken."

The United States has threatened to hit Canada with trade sanctions if Ottawa
goes ahead with its plan to ban split-run magazines (Canadian editions of
foreign publications which carry little Canadian content but scoop up precious
Canadian advertising revenue).

The U.S. government has indicated it will target Canadian exports of steel,
textiles, plastics and wood.

The Canadian ban on split-runs was precipitated by Sports Illustrated, which
electronically beamed a split-run edition across the border in 1993, breaking
measures to keep out such publications.

A new bill, C-55, is an attempt to create a new barrier to split-runs. If it is
enacted as is, a full-scale trade war could erupt.

Tyson Foods is not impressed about being dragged into the battle.

"We don't like the prospect of losing any markets, and don't enjoy being used as
a political football," Tyson spokesman Archie Schaffer said in a statement.

In any case, he added, Tyson's sales in Canada are small -- only $6.9-million
(U.S.) out of its total sales of $7.4-billion.

Canada imported $190-million (Canadian) worth of chicken parts last year.

Trade Minister Sergio Marchi denied yesterday he had anything to do with a
Canadian retaliation list.

"I've not been asked to do any lists. I refuse to go down that slippery slope,"
he told reporters, saying a Globe and Mail report on Friday was inaccurate
although it did not say Mr. Marchi participated in the list-making.

"I'm not playing with words. I can tell you quite clearly and candidly, the
Prime Minister or his office is not involved, nor have they directed my
department nor me personally to devise any list whatsoever," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 25, 1988 Wednesday

U.S. REPORT   Soviet farm purchases rise

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 134 words


The Soviet Union will buy more than $1.4-billion (U.S.) of farm products
from the United States this year, up almost 50 per cent from last year's
purchase levels, the U.S. Agriculture Department says.

The sharp increase, up from a 43 per cent gain last year, is the result
of much larger U.S. wheat shipments at higher prices and larger soybean
and soymeal sales, the agency said.

The United States now accounts for more than 30 per cent of the total
value of Soviet grain imports, the first time U.S. grain has had such a
large share of the Soviet market since 1984.

An analyst at the Agriculture Department said the estimates in the
report are preliminary and reflect data for the first six months of 1988.
Final U.S. agricultural exports to the Soviet Union could be higher than
currently estimated, she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Support to the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries of Jamaica to update sector

LENGTH: 164  words


Sector : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT
Subsector : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT-AGRICULTURAL POLICY
Project Type : Technical Cooperation
Environmental and Social Impact Category : INE
Year and Category  : 2016A
Project Status : Preparation
Description  : This TC will facilitate the identification and prioritization of
policy based initiatives required to boost growth in the agricultural and
fisheries sector. Along these policy initiatives, specific investments will be
identified to increase productivity, investment and efficiency.


Financial Information :
Estimated IDB Financing :
Financing Type : Nonreimbursable
Fund : To Be Determined
Reporting currency : USD - United States Dollars
Amount  : USD 300,000
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : INTER-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK

Address : 1300 New York Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20577

Country :United States
Url : http://www.iadb.org /

Financier : Inter-American Development Bank (IADB),

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday

U.S. presses Korea to open farm market

LENGTH: 503 words


The United States asked Korea for a five-year phase-out period for tariffs on
pork imports, adding pressure on Seoul to open up its sensitive agriculture
market as the two sides struggle to conclude a free trade pact.

The U.S. demand comes as Washington continues to push for a full reopening of
Korea's beef market by easing import measures declared as key by the United
States for receiving congressional support for an FTA.

Both sides are racing to conclude the trade negotiations by the end of this week
to meet the July 1 deadline of the Bush administration's Trade Promotion
Authority.

Some experts say Korea has more to sacrifice in clinching a free trade pact with
the world's largest economy, since the United States is already an advanced
economy.

Korean farmers have been most resistant, as they believe opening up the market
to the United States would bring in a flood of cheap yet high quality goods and
would destroy their livelihoods.

Washington is pushing Seoul to open up its rice market. Korean negotiators
declared that Seoul would absolutely not accept the U.S. request, stressing that
rice, a staple grain, would be a deal breaker.

Washington believes there should be no exceptions for tariff elimination
concerning sensitive products, while Korea believes their sensitive products
should have exceptions. Seoul wants at least 10 years for eliminating tariffs on
agriculture goods.

The United States simply wants results in a short period and thus is seeking a
short-term phase-out of tariffs.

The official, however, showed optimism.

"I think both sides can narrow differences and find common ground until the last
minute," Min told reporters as the third day of the final week of talks wrapped
up.

"With a deadline just two days away, both sides clearly share a view that a deal
should be reached in time," he said, adding that rice has still not been
discussed.

Min Dong-seok, Korea's deputy minister of agriculture trade policy, and the U.S.
Trade Representative's Chief Agriculture Negotiator Richard Crowder, are
continuing to struggle over big agriculture differences.

"Although we need to make an agreement soon, Korea is continuing to strongly
voice that the FTA negotiations need to reflect the sensitive nature of the
country's agricultural industry as much as possible," Min told reporters
yesterday at the Hyatt Hotel in Seoul, the site of the trade negotiations.

Crowder is scheduled to leave later this afternoon, and persisting differences
will call for elevating agriculture talks to the trade-minister level, Min said.

Korea's Trade Minister Kim Hyun-chon and Karan Bhatia, deputy U.S. trade
representative, are leading this week's talks that began on Monday in Seoul.

Both sides need to strike a deal on other major sensitive issues, such as a U.S.
request for wider access to Korea's automobile and pharmaceutical markets.
Korea's request for the full opening of the U.S. textiles market and an easing
of anti-dumping duties are two other major thorny issues.

By Yoo Soh-jung

(sohjung@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 16, 1986 Tuesday

Ministers of Big Five grain exporters to meet in February

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B24

LENGTH: 429 words


The world's major grain exporters plan to meet in California in February
 to discuss falling prices and an increasingly bitter grain trade
 confrontation between the United States and the European Community, the
 International Wheat Council says.

The meeting, scheduled for San Diego, will be attended by agriculture
 ministers from the so-called Big Five exporters - the United States, the
 12-nation EC, Canada, Australia and Argentina. The group accounts for 95
 per cent of world wheat trade.

The conference will be the second of its kind at ministerial level, the
 London-based IWC said.

The first was held in June in British Columbia at Canada's request to
 discuss a sharp drop in grain prices and other problems caused by
 escalating grain export subsidy competition between the United States and
 Western Europe. Participants at the conference failed to reach an
 agreement on how to stem the price slide or on solutions to the trade
 protectionism battle.

Grain prices have plunged in the past year, with wheat down by 35 per
 cent, according to IWC statistics. World grain trade is estimated to have
 declined 20 per cent this year from a 1984-85 record of 104 million metric
 tons.

A condition for any success at the February meeting will be a speedy
 resolution of a dispute between the United States and the EC that arose as
 a result of Spain and Portugal's accession to the EC early this year, IWC
 officials said.

The United States wants compensation for lost grain sales to the EC
 after Spanish entry, and is angry that an interim agreement guaranteeing
 that Spain would import 1.4 million tons of U.S. corn by Dec. 31 has not
 yet been fulfilled.

''If the U.S. and EC can't resolve those bilateral trade issues, we
 won't get too far in any trade negotiations, either at the General
 Agreement on Tariffs and Trade round continuing in the new year or at San
 Diego,'' one official said.

Talks in Brussels between the EC and the United States broke up in a
 deadlock on Sunday. The United States has said it will impose curbs on EC
 imports if no progress is made by the end of the year. No further meetings
 have been scheduled, but U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter has
 said he would be willing to meet EC officials again.

The June meeting was attended by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
 Lyng, European Agriculture Commissioner Frans Andriessen, Canadian Wheat
 Board Minister Charles Mayer, Australian Trade Minister John Dawkins and
 Argentine Agriculture Minister Lucio Reca. The same people are expected to
 attend the San Diego conference.

GEOGRAPHIC NAME:  United States; Europe

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 17, 1993, Friday

HINTS FROM HELOISE

SECTION: HOME & GARDEN; Section H; Page 2

LENGTH: 315 words


Q: Please, oh, please answer this question. Is there a difference between sweet
potatoes and yams?

My mother-in-law swears they are two different things. I always thought they
were one and the same. -V.S., Las Vegas

A: The names sweet potato and yam are used to refer to the same vegetable. The
Sweet Potato Council says that yams are sometimes thought of as moister sweet
potatoes.

The United States Department of Agriculture requires that all yams grown in the
United States be labeled as sweet potatoes.

So, yes, if they are grown here, they are the same. Hope this helps.

TIPS

From Springlake Heights, N.J.: Some months ago I was drying a bulky quilted
bedspread, and it became so balled up in the dryer that it slammed open the
dryer door. A little later I passed the utility room, and seeing the dryer open
prematurely, I investigated. When I found the hard knot of the spread, I began
pulling it apart to get it started again when out from the back of the dryer
climbed my big gray cat. If I hadn't stopped to straighten out the spread, I
would have restarted it with him in there.

From McQueeney, Texas: Ever shut the door to your car only to see the keys left
hanging in the ignition? Ever pay 40 bucks for a locksmith to hand them to you?
Go to a key shop and have an ignition key and trunk key cut. Tuck them away in
your wallet or purse; $ 1.50 saves $ 40.

From West Palm Beach, Fla: I just discovered a pretty easy remedy for discolored
grout that won't come clean - white shoe polish.

Initially, I used grout whitener but I ran out. Well, I couldn't get any at the
time but I did have used white shoe polish. I tried it and it worked great. It's
less expensive, too. Just put it on the grout, let it dry and wipe off the tile
and grout with a damp cloth.

Where to write

Send a money-or time-saving hint to Heloise, P.O. Box 795000, San Antonio, Texas
78279.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933560143

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      May 20, 1994, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Goodale censures Espy

BYLINE: Peter Morton with files from Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 307 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale yesterday took to task his U.S. counterpart,
Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy, for criticizing the Canadian Wheat Board during
a trip to Argentina.

''Canada is willing to work constructively with the U.S. and other trading
partners to attempt to resolve any outstanding issues they might have,'' Goodale
said. ''The types of comments made by Espy, besides being inaccurate, do not
advance efforts to arrive at satisfactory solutions.''

Espy accused the wheat board of predatory pricing in selling wheat to Brazil,
stealing the market from the Argentinians. He tried to enlist the support of
both Brazil and Argentina in formally complaining about Canadian wheat pricing.

But Goodale said Canadian wheat sold to Brazil is priced higher than Argentinian
wheat and that the wheat board does not deliberately cut prices to steal markets
from traditional suppliers.

''It is incredible the United States, which spends US$1 billion per year on
direct export subsidies, should make such a charge,'' Goodale said in a speech
in Regina.

Canada and the U.S. are on the brink of a wheat war that could escalate this
summer to the point where each country is slapping new duties on imports. The
U.S. took the first step last month by formally complaining to the world trade
body, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

Trade Minister Roy MacLaren heads to Washington next week to meet U.S. Trade
Representative Mickey Kantor in another attempt to resolve the disputes over
wheat and other farm products.

Meanwhile, in Mexico City, Espy kept up his attack on Canada, saying Mexico and
Brazil have agreed to investigate recent sales of wheat by Ottawa to the two
countries.

The Brazilian and Mexican governments also are probing alleged wheat dumping by
Canada in the two markets.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: GOODALE: Espy's comments 'do not advance efforts to arrive at .
. . solutions.'

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to The United States of America, as Represented by
the Secretary of Agriculture (District of Columbia) on January 31, 2017 titled
as "Vaccination of animals to elicit a protective immune response against tick
infestations and tick-borne pathogen transmission"

LENGTH: 280 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,556,244 on January 31, 2017, to The United States of America, as Represented
by the Secretary of Agriculture (District of Columbia) titled as "Vaccination of
animals to elicit a protective immune response against tick infestations and
tick-borne pathogen transmission"

Inventors: Guerrero; Felicito (Boerne, TX), Perez de Leon; Adalberto A. (Wake
Forest, NC)


Assignee: The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC) (District of Columbia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Two
antigenic and immunogenic proteins of the cattle tick, Rhipicephalus microplus,
and the genes encoding these proteins, are effective for eliciting a protective
immune response that controls and prevents infestations of bovines and other
livestock by the tick. The proteins isolated from the cattle tick include an
aquaporin protein and a TC5777 gut membrane protein. Each of the proteins elicit
an immunoprotective response in livestock to the cattle tick, and can be
formulated and administered as vaccines. Alternatively, the isolated DNA
sequences which encode these proteins can be incorporated into nucleic acid
constructs which could be utilized as DNA vaccines. The nucleic acid constructs
can also be used for the transformation of cells and the production of
recombinant proteins. Induction of the protective immune response controls and
prevents infestations of the treated animals with the tick, thereby protecting
them against tick-borne pathogen transmission."

The patent was filed on March 20, 2014 Application No. 14/220,909


LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC) on December 30 titled as "Irrigation scheduling
and supervisory control and data acquisition sys"

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,924,031, on
December 30, 2014, to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC), titled as "Irrigation scheduling and supervisory
control and data acquisition system for moving and static irrigation systems"

Inventors: Evett; Steven R. (Amarillo, TX), O'Shaughnessy; Susan A. (Amarillo,
TX), Peters; Robert Troy (Prosser, WA)
Assignee: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Irrigation of plants or crops is effected using plant canopy temperature
measurements. The process and device include an irrigation scheduling algorithm
based on an integrated water stress index (WSI) and an integrated WSI set-point.
A WSI is calculated at repeated time intervals and compared to an encoded
threshold WSI value that is crop and region specific. If the calculated WSI is
greater than the encoded WSI value, a unit of integrated WSI (IWSI) is
accumulated. If the time integral exceeds the encoded value for a 24 hour
period, an irrigation signal is produced, directing the irrigation system where,
when and how much to irrigate. The process and device will automatically
schedule crop irrigations when the crop is water stressed and may control a
moving or static irrigation system to apply the irrigation. Moreover, irrigation
applications can be selectively varied over specified control areas or
management zones."

The patent was filed on February 23, 2012 Application no. 13/403,091

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 30, 1993, Monday

COMMODITY / CHEMICAL BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 499 words


US MEAT GROUP TO AID

RUSSIAN PORK PROGRAM

DENVER - The U.S. Meat Export Federation said it will offer assistance to
Russian agencies in the distribution of U.S. pork as part of the upcoming food
aid package to the Russian Republic.

In a long-awaited move, the U.S. Department of Agriculture this week invited
U.S. suppliers to bid for $ 19 million in pork aid to Russia.

"We've been working in the Russian market for two years now to develop trade
contacts and to get a better understanding for the changing distribution
system," said Mark Gustafson, the USMEF's senior vice president.

"Meat supplies in Russia are expected to be tight this winter, so the pork aid
shipments in November and December will be very timely." 4,000 EVACUATED IN OHIO

AFTER CHEMICAL BLASTS ELYRIA, Ohio - Two chemical explosions at the Aztec
Catalyst Co. shortly after midnight Friday forced the evacuation of more than
4,000 people and sent 30 people to nearby hospitals overcome by fumes.

Several other plants in the industrial park did not open Friday morning because
of a chemical cloud that hung over the area in stagnant, humid air.

Lt. John McLean of the Elyria police department said at least one Aztec building
was destroyed and another was on fire Friday morning, and officials were
uncertain when it would be contained.

No officials from Aztec Catalyst could be reached for comment, and it was
uncertain if anyone had been in the building at the time of the blasts.

Mr. McLean said firefighters were unsure what chemicals exploded or what was
manufactured at the plant.  MILLS' USE OF COTTON

INCREASED LAST MONTH KANSAS CITY, Mo. - The National Cotton Council has detailed
its estimate that U.S. textile mills in July used cotton at a seasonally
adjusted annual rate of 10.42 million bales, up 0.72 percent from June's revised
10.34 million.

U.S. mills consumed cotton at a seasonally adjusted daily rate in July at 38,332
bales, up from 38,066 a month ago, U.S. Census Bureau figures said.

Total fiber use in July was 31.18 million bales, down 4.18 percent from June.
Cotton's share of total fiber use, at 33.4 percent, was up slightly from 31.8
percent in June.  WHEAT COUNCIL BOOSTS

PRODUCTION FORECAST LONDON - The International Wheat Council Thursday revised
its forecast of world 1993-94 (July-June) wheat production to 573 million metric
tons, up 11 million from its July previous forecast for 1993-94 of 562 million.

The IWC estimates world wheat production in 1992-93 at 562 million tons also.

The IWC now pegs world 1993-94 wheat consumption at 567 million tons, up 3
million from its previous forecast, and up 9 million from 558 million in
1992-93.

It forecasts world 1993-94 wheat trade at 96 million tons, down from its
previous forecast of 99 million, and down from 103 million for 1992-93.

It pegs end-season 1993-94 wheat stocks at 138 million tons, up 4 million from
its last forecast, and up from 128 million tons at the end of 1992-93.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY / CHEMICAL BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Japan Economic Journal

                                  July 9, 1988

Export campaigns intensify

BYLINE: By Shigehisa Shibayama, JAPAN ECONOMIC JOURNAL STAFF WRITER

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 577 words


Combined efforts between overseas private and government sectors to make inroads
into Japan's markets are starting to pay off.

"We expect Y1 billion in sales from the American Summer Sale campaign," said a
spokesman of Jusco Co., a major supermarket operator.  Jusco conducted a sales
promotion campaign for U.S. food products for four days through July 3 at about
200 of its stores nationwide.  "We're offering sirloin steak at Y290 per 100
grams, about 30% cheaper than regular prices," the spokesman added.

Jusco's sales promotion was co-sponsored by the U.S. Meat Export Federation, an
affiliated organization of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.  "We've held
sales promotions for U.S. beef at about 6,400 stores since last October, and
expect similar ones at about 600 other stores by this September," said Sachiko
Awai, a U.S.M.E.F. spokeswoman.

Coordinating with the Japanese government's decision to deregulate its
distribution system, foreign governments have also begun stepping up efforts to
overcome non-tariff barriers and increase exports to Japan.

The U.S. announced on June 25 its plans to inaugurate an export campaign termed
"Market Japan" jointly with Japan's Ministry of International Trade and
Industry.  According to the joint announcement, the U.S. and Japan will
establish a subcommittee to promote U.S. manufactured exports to Japan
emphasizing five categories: furniture, sporting goods, leisure equipment,
jewelry, and pet food.

A similar trend toward increased cooperation with Japan can be seen in Britain
as well.

"We want to increase the awareness among British businessmen that Japan has, and
is continuing to change," said Neil Hook, first secretary in charge of consumer
goods trade at the British Embassy.  "One important change is Japanese
willingness to accept foreign products following the appreciation of the yen,"
he explained.

Britain announced this March the launching of its export campaign, "Opportunity
Japan," which aims to increase British exports to Japan to 3 billion pounds in
three years.

British exports to Japan in 1987 increased 25% from the previous year.  Hook
believes that the goal of the export campaign is quite achievable considering
the favorable trade figures for 1987.  "About 200 companies showed up at a
seminar June 1, held in London for companies interested in exporting their
products to Japan.  This number is an encouraging first result of the campaign,"
Hook said.

Efforts are also being made on the part of the country's Department of Trade and
Industry, which increased the number of personnel in its section dealing with
exports to Japan from seven to 10.  Japan is the only country to which the
department has devoted an entire section for handling exports.

The Japanese distribution system is often described as being so complex that
foreign companies are barely able to penetrate the market.  Following Japan's
series of tariff reductions making it a nation with one of the lowest tariff
rates in the world, criticism from its trading partners quickly shifted to the
country's distribution practices as presenting another trade barrier.

"I don't expect it to change very fast because the system not only has long
historical, but cultural and social roots as well," Hook said.  Japanese
regulations on opening large retail stores and the country's liquor license
system are two areas where the British government wants to see decontrol.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1988 The Nihon Keizai Shimbun


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Comm. Staples Commends Sens. and Reps. for Introducing Bill to Address
Mexico's Water Obligations

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, The State of Utah has
issued the following news release:

Texas Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples released a statement yesterday
regarding the filing of the Working to Address Treaty Enforcement Rapidly
(WATER) for Texas Act in the U.S. Senate and House. The bill addresses Mexico's
failure to uphold its water obligations to the United States. Below is a
statement from Commissioner Staples and a link to the new legislation.

"Texas is facing a critical water crisis, and we need Mexico to live up to its
agreement and deliver the water to which our landowners and cities are
entitled," Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples said. "I appreciate Sen. John
Cornyn, Sen. Ted Cruz, Rep. Mike Conaway and Rep. Filemon Vela for sponsoring
this legislation and fighting to obtain the water needed to continue the success
of agriculture, communities and businesses in the Rio Grande Valley of Texas. We
need a swift commitment by our federal government to insist Mexico releases the
water belonging to the United States, and this legislation will provide some
accountability in the process. This is not just a matter of two countries
fighting over water. That fight happened decades ago when Mexico and the United
States negotiated bi-national water management agreements. Now we need Mexico to
comply with the agreed-upon deal. "

For further information please visit: http://www.nasda.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              March 4, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Johanns: Jobs in peril

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: KEARNEY, NE


A closed border will send meatpacking jobs to Canada, agriculture secretary says

KEARNEY - Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns warned Thursday that failure to
accept Canadian cattle in the United States would result in meatpacking
companies building more plants north of the border.

Johanns delivered his warning  to an audience of about 400 at the 17th annual
Governor's Ag Conference in Kearney. It came a day after a Montana judge issued
an injunction that will keep the border closed past a Monday target date for
readmitting cattle under 30 months old.

"All of a sudden, the industry is restructuring in ways that won't be changed in
anybody's lifetime who's in this room," Johanns said.

Johanns' remarks add to a topsy-turvy situation that started almost two years
ago with a confirmed case of mad-cow disease in Canada and escalated with a
confirmed case in Washington state that was traced back to Canadian beef.

In January, two more confirmed cases in Canada turned up shortly after a
decision from the Bush administration to reopen the U.S. border on Monday.

Bush's right-hand man at the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Thursday that a
prolonged blockage at the border will cost the United States jobs in the
meatpacking sector and could disrupt meatpacking operations in Nebraska in the
short term.

Plants at West Point and Norfolk just reopened in late February after being
closed for several weeks.

"Where the processing is at is where the cattle will be," Johanns said.

Johanns, who stepped down as Nebraska governor in January and then stepped into
a meat-safety and trade controversy, also suggested Thursday that the United
States was caught in an inconsistent position as long as Canadian cattle are
kept out.

While the United States tries to get Japan to drop a ban that could be costing
Nebraska beef producers as much as $300 million per year, he said, the Japanese
are hearing, "Oh, by the way, don't pay any attention to what we're doing to our
friends in Canada."

Johanns' views were quickly disputed by R-CALF USA, or Ranchers-Cattlemen Action
Legal Fund, which brought its case before a Montana judge on Wednesday.

Speaking from Billings, Mont., later Thursday, Bill Bullard, R-CALF's chief
executive officer, said signs of packing-plant construction in Canada are not a
response to the border controversy.

"The fact of the matter is some packers, Tyson and Cargill, have, for many
years, been transferring processing capacity outside of the United States,"
Bullard said.

It's about cheap labor and related cost savings, he said.

Bullard also disputed Johanns' claim that the United States is complying with
international standards by treating Canada as a minimal-risk country for mad-cow
disease, also known as BSE, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy.

He said Johanns' department should consider Canada a moderate-risk country for
the disease because Canada won't meet the required eight-year enforcement of a
ban on feeding beef bone tissue and other body parts to cattle until August,
Bullard said, citing international rules.

Stepping forward in a highly charged atmosphere, Gov. Dave Heineman tried to add
some levity to his introduction of Johanns as a noon luncheon speaker.

He pointed out that a Kearney television station was carrying the Johanns speech
live.

"That means they're going to pre-empt 'All My Children' for the secretary of
agriculture," Heineman said.

Johanns was quick to try to contain any political damage.

"For all of you out in TV land, if I pre-empted your favorite show, I really am
sorry about that."

Reach Art Hovey at (402) 523-4949 or ahovey@alltel.net.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns speaks about Canadian beef
and the border-reopening controversy on Thursday at the 17th annual Governor's
Ag Conference in Kearney. TETONA DUNLAP/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     July 3, 1991, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Pork bellies slide daily limit

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 38, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Pork belly futures closed down the daily limit on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange for the second straight session yesterday as investors continued to
react to a bearish hog report.

The report, issued Friday by the U.S. Agriculture Department, showed aggressive
herd expansion over the past quarter and a hog population greatly above year-ago
levels.

CME pork belly prices slid US$1.50 to US$2 a hundredweight. The featured July
contract settled at US$47.70, down the US$2 daily limit.

On the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange, continued fallout from Statistics Canada's
acreage report, released Friday, accounted for some of the selling that sent
canola futures to losses of 20 cents to $2.20 a tonne. The featured November
contract ended at $266.30, down $2.20.

The report showed prairie farmers planted more canola than forecast. Canola
prices were also hit by declines in Chicago Board of Trade soybean futures. But
there was word that Japan purchased up to 7,000 tonnes of Canadian canola
yesterday, exporters said.

WCE wheat prices settled 30 cents higher to $1 lower with the featured October
month closing at $88.50, down 10 cents. Prices were dragged down by the acreage
report, which showed numbers well above trade expectations, and by losses in
CBOT corn.

Revised weather forecasts calling for more rain in the U.S. Midwest in the next
few days contributed to the selling that took corn and soybean futures down on
the CBOT.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 16, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Food and Agriculture Agency Has Been Catalyst for Third World

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 3; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 468 words



To the Editor:

Your news story from Rome on attempts to replace the head of the United Nations
Food and Agriculture Organization (June 15) is misleading.

For example, the United States is far from accusing the agency's director
general of ''mismanaging the organization.'' The United States Government has
often been supportive of his prudent management. A few days ago, a United States
official in Rome told the Associated Press: ''We feel the director general has
done a good job in 12 years, particularly with respect to managing the finance
of the organization, particularly in respect to reducing the share of personnel
costs.'' This view is shared by an overwhelming number of F.A.O.'s 158 member
states.

F.A.O.'s management is scrutinized by its finance and program committees and
such governing bodies as the council and the conference, with the U.S. and other
Western nations as members. They have not detected mismanagement. Neither has
the external auditor (currently the Comptroller and Auditor General of Britain),
who maintains a staff at F.A.O. and reports directly to member governments. Nor
has the U.S. General Accounting Office, which visited F.A.O. as recently as last
year.

It is incorrect to say that ''up to half the cost of some F.A.O. development
programs is spent on administrative overhead.'' It is now accepted that
administrative expenses and overhead constitute less than 19 percent. A few
years ago, it was over 21 percent.

We have never before heard that the United States or other nations considered
the director-general to be ''pursuing anti-Western policies.'' The policy is to
help raise food production in the developing world according to priorities and
programs approved by F.A.O.'s members. F.A.O. is often singled out as a neutral
forum devoid of ideological confrontations.

Also, F.A.O. does not have ''$1 billion in pledges from donor countries for food
programs it administers.'' You are confusing it with the World Food Program.
F.A.O. does not encourage ''grandiose projects'' in developing countries that
are not suited to their needs. Most projects financed from F.A.O.'s own
resources are small (average under $100,000).

Finally, you are certainly correct when you quote the director-general saying
that food self-sufficiency is close at hand in Asia. But it is only a statement
on the world food situation written over a year ago, not in response to anything
that may have come up since.

This rare story on a technical development agency such as ours would have been
fairer if you had included the views of other countries on the catalytic role of
F.A.O. in agriculture, forestry and fisheries in the last decade.

RICHARD LYDIKER
   Director, Information Division
   Food and Agriculture Organization
   Rome, June 19, 1987

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 28, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. AND EUROPEAN FARMERS AT WAR AGAIN

BYLINE: By CLYDE H. FARNSWORTH

SECTION: Section 3; Page 6, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 2041 words


WASHINGTON BACK in 1963 the United States and the European Common Market fought
what wags dubbed the Chicken War over European policies that discouraged imports
of American poultry. The Johnson Administration retaliated by raising tariffs on
a number of products that the Europeans sold in the United States, such as
trucks and brandy and potato starch.

Now, nearly 20 years later, farmers in the United States and Western Europe are
again flailing at each other. But this time the sectors of battle, while still
encompassing poultry, stretch out well beyond the barnyard to include pasta,
citrus fruits, wheat flour, sugar, raisins, canned peaches and canned pears.

''We are taking a strong offensive against the unfair trade practices of the
European Community, and we're doing it with more vigor and more determination
than has ever been shown in the past,'' Agriculture Secretary John R. Block told
a group of governors late last month - leaders who had expressed concern about
the weakening agricultural economy of their states.

The United States has charged that it is losing overseas markets, particularly
in the Middle East and in the newly industrialized countries of the Pacific
Basin and Latin America, because of export subsidies the European community
gives its farmers. American officials also say the European competition has
depressed world prices, reducing the return on what American farmers do sell
abroad.

The Europeans stoutly deny that they are disrupting traditional patterns of
world food trade. They say that their Common Agricultural Policy, from which
come the support prices and export subsidies that are designed to provide a fair
standard of living for farmers, is the glue that holds the community together.
(The 10-nation bloc is celebrating its 25th anniversary this weekend.) But under
budget restraints the policy is already being modified to reduce the subsidy
element, they maintain. They principally object to the contentious tone of
American demands and are urging that disputes be settled in the more tranquil,
legalistic confines of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

Despite all the sound and fury emanating from Washington, many analysts doubt
whether the United States will be able to obtain significant concessions. The
United States has hit European farm policies on many occasions in the past and
rarely made a dent.

Roland de Kergolay, chief of the European Community's mission in Washington,
warned that the United States was playing with fire. He served notice in a
speech before the National Economists Club here that any action against European
farmers would provoke countermeasures endangering the substantial surpluses in
agricultural trade that the United States already enjoys with Western Europe.

The surplus in 1980 was about $7 billion, up from $1.7 billion in 1971. Although
the precise figures for 1981 are not yet available, agricultural officials
estimate the dollar volume of the surplus was close to 1980. The 1980 surplus
represented nearly half of the overall $15 billion trade surplus the United
States recorded with the community.

The exchanges underscore a new contentiousness that has been creeping into
international trade discussions with the deterioration of the world economic
climate and rising unemployment on both sides of the Atlantic. The United States
and the 10 nations that make up the European Community are together putting
increasing pressure on Japan to get rid of an array of trade restrictions that
are seen as impeding access to the Japanese market. The United States and the
Western Europeans are already deep in conflict over European steel that is
allegedly dumped at unfairly low, subsidized price levels in the American
market.

The battle over agriculture has attracted less attention, but could become even
more divisive than the conflict over steel. This is because there are still many
more farmers than steelworkers - three million in the United States and eight
million in the European Community - and severe political limits on what policy
makers both here and in Europe can do to reduce aid to agriculture. Meanwhile,
high interest rates and food surpluses, which undermine price levels, have
eroded farm income.

''We cannot overlook the fact that many farmers are experiencing credit and cash
flow problems,'' said Agriculture Secretary Block, noting that in the United
States lenders are developing a variety of financing techniques to keep their
existing farm borrowers in business another year.

In Europe where farmers are more militant and farms much smaller than in the
United States, farm income has failed to keep up with the cost of living for
many years, encouraging a move away from the land to the cities. But because of
current high unemployment this trend has now fallen off.

Demonstrations by angry farmers, especially in France, underscore the political
dangers of withdrawing any existing aids. In one recent incident, the French
Agriculture Minister, Edith Cresson, encircled by brigades of irate farmers
during a tour of Brittany, had to be rescued by military helicopter.

The conflict arises less over American penetration of the farm market in Europe
than in the confrontation between the European community and the United States
in third-country export markets. The issue is what the United States considers
to be an aggressive use of export subsidies by the community.

While total farm exports of the United States approach $50 billion a year, with
one-third of the corn crop and over half of the wheat and soybean crops sold to
foreign buyers, the Reagan Administration has been counting on even larger
exports to ease conditions in the farm belt. But the Europeans are also taking
the same mercantilist approach to solve domestic farm problems.

According to Agriculture Department figures, community subsidy practices have
helped push European wheat exports to 14 million tons a year, double their
exports three years ago, with a depressing effect on world prices.

The Agriculture Department says the competition has cost American producers 50
cents a bushel on wheat sales this year, and will add about $400 million to the
cost of the Government's domestic wheat program this year.

In discussions with European officials, Mr. Block related that he told them that
American farm producers ''are willing and able to compete with other producers
in any market, but they are not willing and not able to compete with foreign
treasuries.

''I urged on the European community officials that the community must come to
grips with the fundamental problem, which is surplus production encouraged by
high levels of protection and disposed of by export subsidies.''

The community maintains that on a per capita basis the United States provides
even more government support for its farmers than the community. On the basis of
1980 figures, they say that Federal farm spending broke down to $7,330 for each
American farmer, compared with $4,780 for each community farmer based on
spending by the 10 member governments and by the community's central authority,
the European Commission.

The United States has price support programs for milk, wool, wheat, maize,
cotton, rice, soybeans, sugar, peanuts and tobacco, which can also result in
unwanted surpluses, the community argues. In order to reduce its dairy surplus
last year, the United States subsidized the sale of 100,000 tons of butter to
New Zealand.

Mr. de Kergolay, the community mission chief here, notes in addition that the
United States share of world agricultural trade has been increasing even faster
than the community share. The community went from 10 percent of the world market
in 1971 to 11 percent in 1980. Over the same 10-year period the United States
share grew from 14 to 17 percent.

In wheat and wheat flour, the community's 1980 exports made up 15 percent of
world trade in these products, up from 12 percent in 1968. But United States
exports of wheat and wheat flour took a 45 percent share in 1980, up from 40
percent in 1968.

On the other hand American farm producers insist that the Community has been
using its subsidies to gain unfair advantage in selected world markets, such as
the Middle East, where imports of poultry for example have doubled in the last
three years. And they now have gotten the Government to back their case.

The office of the United States trade representative has accepted complaints
from American producers of wheat flour, pasta, poultry and sugar and canned
fruits, formally charging that the community is unfairly undercutting their
competitive position by providing export subsidies in violation of the Subsidies
Code of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

Acceptance of the petitions by the United States Trade Office makes them
official complaints of the United States Government, and Washington has now
begun a complex negotiating process at the Geneva GATT headquarters to get the
complaints resolved.

Should negotiations fail, the United States trade representative, William Brock,
could recommend to President Reagan that he take retaliatory action against the
Europeans under Section 301 of the 1974 Trade Act, which gives the President
powers to hit imports of countries that violate international agreements or
otherwise engage in unfair trade practices.

The United States could, for example, retaliate with restrictions, say, on
French perfume or cognac, Gouda cheese from the Netherlands, or Kandy shoes from
Italy.

But the community is already the largest single customer for American farm
products, and statements by European officials strongly suggest the community
would not take any American retaliation lightly.

From time to time, community policy makers have threatened to tax American
soybeans, which enjoy a $4 billion market in Western Europe. American policy
makers, in turn, have warned that any threat to American soybeans would, in the
words of Seeley G. Lodwick, Under Secretary of Agriculture for International
Affairs and Commodity Programs, ''strike at the very heart of our trading
relationship with the community.''

Richard N. Cooper, Harvard professor of international economics who served as
Under Secretary of State for Economic Affairs during the Carter Administration,
says that the United States is ''not on terribly strong grounds'' in picking a
fight with the community over agriculture. ''And the truth is,'' he adds, ''that
we're just not going to get anywhere.''
POULTRYWAR

WASHINGTON Article 10 of the Subsidies Code, which major trading nations
negotiated as part of the Tokyo Round of trade liberalization, bars export
subsidies on primary agricultural products if they lead to capture by one
country of ''more than an equitable share of world export trade.''

This has become an issue around which feathers are flying in a new chicken war
between the United States and the European Economic Community, especialy in
relation to Middle East shipments. As in many such cases now being adjudicated
under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, the arguments revolve around
differing sets of statistics. The community contends that since 1978 there has
been little change in respective market shares for whole chickens and chicken
parts. The United States contends that the base year should be 1967, before a
community subsidy went into effect, and that should look only at whole chickens.

In 1981 the Middle East purchased $1 billion worth of poultry.  United States
sales were less than $200 million; the community's $200 million; the community's
$330 million. Brazil sold $200 million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: table of U.S. food for Europe

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
applies for US Patent titled as "GENETICALLY ALTERED PLANTS PRODUCING FATTY
ACIDS"

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170037420 for US Patent, published on February 9, 2017, by The
United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture, titled
as "GENETICALLY ALTERED PLANTS PRODUCING FATTY ACIDS"  for the registration of
patent.



Inventors: Smigocki; Anna C.; (Silver Spring, MD) ; Bruccoleri; Robert Edward;
(Glastonbury, CT)

Applicant: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture Audacious Energy, LLC   Washington Glastonbury   DC CT   US US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods and compositions for genetically altered plants that produce higher
amounts of at least one fatty acid compared to the amount of the fatty acid
produced by a wild-type plant are provided. The genetically altered plant can be
a root crop plant (e.g., sugar beet) or Nicotiana spp., or any dicot."


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S.D.A. to Start Program to Support Local and Organic Farming

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE STROM

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 554 words


The United States Department of Agriculture plans to announce Monday that it
will spend $52 million to support local and regional food systems like farmers'
markets and food hubs and to spur research on organic farming.

The local food movement has been one of the fastest growing segments of the
business, as consumers seek to know more about where, how and by whom their food
is grown.

But local farmers still struggle to market their food. Distribution systems are
intended to accommodate the needs of large-scale commercial farms and growers.
Grocery stores and restaurants largely rely on big distribution centers and are
only beginning to figure out how to incorporate small batches of produce into
their overall merchandise mixes.

Farmers' markets are proliferating around the country, increasing 76 percent to
8,268 since 2008, according to the Agriculture Department, but they have trouble
marketing themselves. And few consumers are aware of a website the department
created to help them find a farmers market in their area.

''These types of local food systems are the cornerstones of our plans to
revitalize the rural economy,'' Tom Vilsack, the agriculture secretary, said in
a telephone interview. ''If you can connect local produce with markets that are
local, money gets rolled around in the local community more directly compared to
commercial agriculture where products get shipped in large quantities somewhere
else, helping the economy there.''

The $52 million will be the first outlay to local and organic enterprises of the
farm bill signed into law by President Obama in February, which tripled the
amount of money aimed at that sector to $291 million. The organic business,
which has long complained that the Agriculture Department does not support it
financially, will get $125 million over the next five years for research and $50
million for conservation programs.

''It's a really nice bump for us because we've been getting chump change for
research,'' said Mark Kastel, co-founder of the Cornucopia Institute, an organic
research and advocacy group.

Still, Mr. Kastel said that given the growth in the organic business, with about
$35 billion in sales in the United States last year, he wished there was more
money to study organic practices.

The department will also be putting $30 million a year into marketing programs
for farmers markets and promotion of locally grown foods, and has an additional
$70 million available as a block grant to support more research on so-called
specialty crops, or fruits and vegetables.

''These are significant increases over what it was before I became secretary and
certainly over the 2008 bill,'' Mr. Vilsack said, referring to the previous
omnibus farm bill.

He said local food systems were good investments for government. ''Small and
medium-sized operations end up helping to generate more employment than
commercial operations because of their different distribution systems and their
local natures,'' Mr. Vilsack said. ''And food hubs hire about 20 people on
average.''

Mr. Vilsack said there were about 300 food hubs around the country, and he is
eager to see more. These enterprises, like Appalachian Sustainable Development
in Virginia and La Montañita in New Mexico, help small farmers market and
distribute their products and offer a variety of other services.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/29/business/usda-to-start-program-to-support-loca
l-and-organic-farming.html

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Grand Army Plaza farmers' market in Brooklyn. The organic
food business in the United States reached $35 billion last year. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
ANDREA MOHIN/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 24, 2007 Saturday

Conflicting U.S. rules put twist on Canadian milk imports

BYLINE: Marc Heller, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 797 words


Nov. 24--WASHINGTON -- The state Department of Agriculture and Markets
complained last week that Canadian farmers are selling raw milk into the United
States despite a trade agreement that seems to forbid it.

But the department neglected to mention who gave the farmers permission to do
so: the very same Department of Agriculture and Markets, which sent inspectors
to the Canadian farms earlier this year to certify the milk as safe for import.

In the latest twist on the United States' strained dairy trading relationship
with Canada, New York officials say federal law requires them to let milk into
the state as long as it meets state quality standards. So Ag and Markets issued
an import license to a handful of Ontario farmers who ship milk to plants in
Western New York and New England, knowing the imports might run afoul of
U.S.-Canadian trade rules.

Milk imports are sensitive among farmers because they replace milk that could
come from U.S. farmers. But most of the complaints in recent years have been
about milk-based ingredients such as milk protein concentrate.

In this case, plants in the heart of one of the nation's biggest milk-producing
regions are buying milk from Canadian farmers.

Raw milk can enter the United States under limited circumstances and for limited
uses, mainly in plants that make cheese or other manufactured products. The
federal and state governments share responsibility; in New York, imports are
allowed if the state certifies that the milk meets certain standards, typically
by on-farm inspection.

Such imports have continued for at least five years under import licenses issued
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Agriculture and
Markets estimated. Canadian farmers worked around their own country's rules by
opting out of Canada's milk quota rules and negotiating directly with U.S.
buyers.

After the United States complained, the World Trade Organization barred the
practice -- but some farmers continue to ship here, which has led to a court
fight in Canada and to complaints from New York, other states and the National
Milk Producers Federation, representing U.S. dairy farmer cooperatives.

New York Agriculture Commissioner Patrick Hooker wrote to U.S. Trade
Representative Susan Schwab and Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty last week.

"While I applaud the current legal efforts by Canadian authorities to stop this
illicit milk production, this matter has continued for far too long," Mr. Hooker
wrote. "In the nearly ten years that have elapsed since the initial complaint,
Canadian dairy producers continue to benefit from a system that does not conform
to WTO requirements. This situation continues to harm dairy farmers in New York
State and across the United States."

While the volume of milk is not high, said Agriculture and Markets spokeswoman
Jessica Chittenden, "the principle of the matter is, it's not fair."

The department announced the letter after a dairy newspaper, The Milkweed,
published an extensive report about the imports and took Gov. Eliot L. Spitzer's
administration to task for helping the Canadian farmers keep the business going.
But it made no mention of New York's own role in opening the door to imported
milk.

In essence, The Milkweed reported, New York bailed out the Canadian farmers by
issuing an import license when the Canadian authorities appeared on the verge of
shutting down the shipments.

But Ms. Chittenden said the department had no choice but to allow the imports
once inspectors deemed the milk acceptable. Canadian farmers who had applied for
an import license from New York were threatening to sue and, she said, "we know
we would have lost."

The Spitzer administration inherited the farmers' application from the
administration of former Gov. George E. Pataki, which had not acted on it, she
said.

A spokeswoman for the U.S. Trade Representative's Office said the office has had
long-standing concerns about Canada's dairy programs.

"We are reviewing the current situation in Ontario and talking with
representatives of the U.S. and New York dairy industry. We expect Canada to
abide by its international commitments," Gretchen Hamel, deputy assistant U.S.
trade representative for public affairs, said in a statement.

A spokeswoman at the FDA directed questions to the Canadian government, which
declined comment, saying the issue is still in litigation there.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2007, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20071124-WE-MILK-20071124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2007 Watertown Daily Times


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           November 18, 2006 Saturday
                                  All Editions

USDA delays new inspection rules

SECTION: Pg. C7

LENGTH: 374 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
has delayed the effective date for inspections of Canadian-grown fruits and
vegetables, commercial vessels, trucks, railroad cars and aircraft, as well as
international passengers entering the United States from Canada.

It will be establishing a staggered implementation for the collection of user
fees. The delay will allow affected industries time to prepare for the change.

The interim rule establishing these fees was originally scheduled to take effect
on Nov. 24. The delay will allow affected groups to make necessary preparations
in order to comply with the inspection and collection procedures that will be
instituted.

Effective Jan. 1, 2007, air passengers arriving in the United States from Canada
will no longer be exempt from the international air passenger user fee.
Effective March 1, 2007, the remaining provisions of the rule will take effect,
including the removal of the user fee exemption for all commercial conveyances
entering the United States from Canada.

Maine's U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, who chairs the Senate Homeland Security
Committee, had contacted Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff and U.S.
Department of Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns to express concerns about the
proposed plan to levy new user fees on all commercial shipments that enter the
United States from Canada.

Collins said, "This is welcome news. It is crucial that the Department of
Agriculture take all relevant factors into consideration before implementing
these user fees, which could have an effect on the flow of trade over the
U.S-Canada border."

All inspections on the U.S.-Canada border are conducted by the U.S. Department
of Homeland Security's Bureau of Customs and Border Protection. Recent
inspections along the U.S.-Canadian border resulted in numerous interceptions of
prohibited fruits and vegetables, originating from regions other than Canada.
APHIS is also concerned about agricultural and other products originating in
Canada that could serve as host material for pests and diseases if left
uninspected.

Notice of this action is scheduled for publication in the Nov. 22 Federal
Register. To read the interim rule, please go to www.aphis.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 1, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

MARKET FOR FRENCH FRIES IS PROMOTED IN FAR EAST

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section C; Page 4, Column 5; Living Desk

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 30


After creating a world market for pizza, the Federal Government is now playing a
major role in the international promotion of french-fried potatoes. Its target
is the Far East.

The Government has given a potato-industry group $2 million to help promote its
products in countries like Japan and South Korea, according to an official of
the United States Department of Agriculture.

''Fast-food restaurants in Japan like to sell and promote french fries,'' said
Jonathan Gressel, a marketing specialist in the department. ''They are
inexpensive to serve and they carry a high markup, which has increased with the
value of the yen. Restaurants can offer specials or discounts at little or no
expense.''

Writing in the July issue of the department's Foreign Agriculture magazine, Mr.
Gressel described the potential for increasing sales of french fries from the
United States. In the United States, 85 out of every 100 fast-food customers
order a side dish of french fries, but in Japan only 40 out of every 100 do.
Still, Mr. Gressel reported, exports of frozen potatoes from the United States
to Japan rose from 14,874 tons in 1978 to 62,391 tons in 1986.

American producers have already adapted their frozen potatoes for use in
Japanese homes, which often have toaster ovens but not deep-fryers. The potatoes
are prefried and sold in packages of 10.5 to 17.5 ounces. The packages are
smaller than those sold in this country, since the Japanese traditionally have
not bought frozen foods in large quantities.

Producers are looking to expand the market to include potato patties and
shredded potato balls, which are also deep-fried, he said.

The National Potato Promotion Board, an industry group, is already hard at work
in the Far East, Mr. Gressler said. Last year it received $2 million from the
Federal Government's Targeted Export Assistance Program, almost all of which was
spent in Japan. The board has also been promoting frozen potatoes in Hong Kong,
Singapore, Taiwan, Indonesia and Malaysia, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Historic Agreements for
U.S.-Cuba Agriculture Sectors

LENGTH: 1102  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 As part of President Obama's historic trip to Cuba to further normalization of
relations, advance commercial and people-to-people ties, and express our support
for human rights for all Cubans, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today
announced several measures that will foster further collaboration between the
U.S. and Cuban agriculture sectors. The two neighboring countries share common
climate and agriculture related concerns, and the measures announced today in
Havana will mutually benefit the Cuban people and U.S. farmers and ranchers.





 While in Cuba, Secretary Vilsack announced that USDA will allow the 22
industry-funded Research and Promotion Programs and 18 Marketing Order
organizations to conduct authorized research and information exchange activities
with Cuba. These groups, which are responsible for creating bonds with consumers
and businesses around the world in support of U.S. agriculture, will be able to
engage in cooperative research and information exchanges with Cuba about
agricultural productivity, food security and sustainable natural resource
management. Secretary Vilsack called the announcement "a significant step
forward in strengthening our bond and broadening agricultural trade between the
United States and Cuba."



 During their bilateral meeting today, Secretary Vilsack and Cuban Minster of
Agriculture Gustavo Rodriguez Rollero will sign a Memorandum of Understanding
that establishes a framework for sharing ideas and research between the two
countries. Secretary Vilsack also has invited Minister Rodriguez to join on a
visit to one of USDA's Climate Sub Hubs in Puerto Rico in late May, where USDA
researchers are studying the effects of climate change in the subtropical region
and strategies for mitigating these effects.



 "Recognizing the importance of agriculture in the United States and Cuba, USDA
is advancing a new partnership for the 21st century between our two countries,"
said Vilsack. "U.S. producers are eager to help meet Cuba's need for healthy,
safe, nutritious food. Research and Promotion and Marketing Order Programs have
a long history of conducting important research that supports producers by
providing information about a commodity's nutritional benefits and identifying
new uses for various commodities. The agreements we reached with our Cuban
counterparts on this historic trip, and the ability for our agriculture sector
leaders to communicate with Cuban businesses, will help U.S. agricultural
interests better understand the Cuban market, while also providing the Cuban
people with science-based information as they grow their own agriculture
sector."



 USDA will review all proposed Research and Promotion Board and Marketing Order
activities related to Cuba to ensure that they are consistent with existing
laws. Examples of activities that may take place include the following:



     Provide nutritional research and guidance, as well as participate with the
Cuban government and industry officials, at meetings regarding nutrition and
related Cuban rules and regulations.

     Conduct plate waste study research in schools to determine what kids eat
and what they discard, leading to improved nutritional information that helps
develop the guidance for school meal requirements, ensuring kids are getting
adequate nutrition to be successful in school.

     Provide U.S. based market, consumer, nutrition and environmental research
findings to Cuban government and industry officials.

     Research commodities' role in a nutritious diet that improves health or
lowers the risk of chronic diseases.

     Study the efficacy of water disinfectants to eliminate/inactivate bacteria
on commodities.

     Test recipes and specific products amongst Cuban consumers of all ages,
with the goal of increasing product development and acceptance.

     Conduct consumer tracking studies to measure attitudes when it comes to a
specific commodity and consumption and to identify consumer groups based on
their behavior, attitudes, and purchasing habits for a particular commodity.



 The visit to the Puerto Rico Sub Hub would allow USDA and Cuba's Ministry of
Agriculture to exchange information on climate change as it relates to tropical
forestry and agriculture, and explore opportunities for collaboration. The two
officials would be able to explore tools and strategies to cope with challenges
associated with climate change, such as drought, heat stress, excessive
moisture, longer growing seasons, and changes in pest pressure.



 The Puerto Rico hub is part of the USDA Regional Climate Hub network that
supports applied research and provides information to farmers, ranchers,
advisors, and managers to inform climate-related decision making. The hubs are
an invaluable resource for those seeking to understand the specific risks of
climate change, as well as region-specific adaptation strategies.



 The agriculture and forestry sectors in the Caribbean are especially vulnerable
to the effects of climate change. Not only is the region particularly exposed to
extreme weather events, but much of its population and prime agricultural lands
are located on the coast. The Puerto Rico Sub Hub is specifically focused on
addressing these unique challenges and supporting the people and institutions
involved in tropical forestry and agriculture.



 While most U.S. commercial activities are prohibited, the Trade Sanctions
Reform Act (TSRA) of 2000 permits the export of U.S. agricultural commodities,
though U.S. agricultural exports to Cuba are limited by U.S. restrictions on
government export assistance, cash payments, and extending credit. U.S.
agricultural exports have grown significantly since trade was authorized in
2000. In 2014, Cuba imported over $2 billion in agricultural products including
$300 million from the United States. However, from 2014 to 2015, U.S.
agricultural exports to Cuba fell 48 percent to $148.9 million, the lowest since
2002, giving the United States just a 10 percent market share as Cuba's fourth
largest agricultural supplier, behind the EU, Brazil, and Argentina.



 This historic visit to Cuba is the first by a sitting U.S. President in nearly
90 years. It is Secretary Vilsack's second visit and is another demonstration of
the President's commitment to chart a new course for U.S.-Cuban relations and
connect U.S. and Cuban citizens through expanded travel, commerce, and access to
information.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 27, 1995 Friday

U.S. to control Canadian wheat

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 155 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON
 Canadian wheat entering the United States will have to be accompanied by
special certificates and stored separately from U.S.-grown wheat, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said yesterday.

The new rule, which takes effect April 8, was issued because Canada has
refused to end requirements for similar end-use certificates for U.S.
wheat headed north, the department said.

Wheat-state lawmakers say the certificates will prevent Canadian wheat
from being illegally re-exported under U.S. subsidy and export credit
programs.

Under the rules, importers will have to send the certificates to the
Agriculture Department within 10 working days after the wheat enters the
United States. All further sales will have to be reported within 10 days.
Exporters, millers and other final users will have to report their
consumption of Canadian wheat quarterly.

The wheat won't be mixed with U.S.-grown wheat until it is delivered to
the final user.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Postal service shares export tips

BYLINE: Jason A. Smith, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


Aug. 10--VALDOSTA -- The United States Postal Service will host a free workshop
to help small businesses learn how to export their goods internationally.

The workshop is part of the Made in Rural America series from the White House
Rural Council. It provides "targeted assistance" to rural small businesses,
according to a press release from the USPS.

"Strong rural communities are key to a stronger America," said WHRC Chair
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "Through the Administration's Made in Rural
America Export and Investment Initiative, the United States Department of
Agriculture is working to help farmers, ranchers and rural businesses access
federal export programs, connect with new customers and markets abroad and bring
new opportunity to rural America."

The event should help small businesses learn how to ship products
internationally through USPS, learn about business development strategies from
WHRC members, learn about export opportunities and resources, etc., according to
the event release.

There will be a question-and-answer panel at the end of the event.

The panel will consist of four speakers and the question-and-answer session will
be 30 to 45 minutes long, said USPS Business Development Specialist Karen
Bridger.

Guests may also talk to representatives one-on-one, she said.

The event will have several speakers including Valdosta Postmaster Blair Beaty,
USPS Gulf Atlantic District Manager David Martin and Valdosta-Lowndes Chamber of
Commerce President Myrna Ballard, according to the event agenda.

The event will be held 11 a.m.-1 p.m., Aug. 23, Valdosta City Hall Annex, 330 N.
Lee St.

Registration: usps.com/valdosta or at (478)-752-8739.

Jason Smith is a reporter at The Valdosta Daily Times. He can be contacted at
229-244-3400 ext.1256.

___ (c)2016 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160810-VD-Postal-service-shares-export-tips-0810-20160810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2016 The Valdosta Daily Times


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to The United States of America as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC) on January 27 titled as "Infrared based peeling of
fruits and vegetables"

LENGTH: 146  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,940,346, on
January 27, 2015, to The United States of America as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC), titled as "Infrared based peeling of fruits and
vegetables"

Inventors: Pan; Zhongli (Davis, CA), McHugh; Tara H. (Albany, CA),
Valenti-Jordan; James B. (Walnut Creek, CA), Masareje; Carlos H. (Woodland, CA)

Assignee: The United States of America as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)
Del Monte Foods, Inc. (San Francisco, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method and apparatus for infrared peeling of fruits and vegetables is disclosed
herein."

The patent was filed on May 18, 2011 Application no. 13/110,824

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           August 30, 1995, Wednesday

US LIVE CATTLE EXPORTS PLUMMET DROUGHT-HIT MEXICO SELLS HERDS IN US HEAT TAKES
TOLL, BUT PRODUCTION UP

BYLINE: PAUL F. CONLEY; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


This summer's weather has hurt the cattle industry, but not in the way you might
expect. Searing heat in the United States did kill a large number of cattle, but
production figures are still high.

However, drought conditions in Mexico have sent a skyrocketing amount of live
cattle into the United States. At the same time, U.S. exports of live attle have
plummeted this year.

Total exports of U.S. cattle reached 37,918 head through May, down from the
75,725 head in the comparable period of 1994, according to the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.

The majority of that drop can be traced to falling sales to Mexico.

In the first five months of last year, Mexicans bought 43,563 head of cattle.
Through May of this year, the figure stood at just 5,020 head.

"Sales of live animals to Mexico have never been really strong," said Steve
Taylor, a spokesman for the Missouri Beef Industry Council, "but the economic
situation down there has really hurt sales."

Imports of live cattle also are rising - more than 1.4 million head entered the
United States through May. Of those, 981,162 came from Mexico.

In the first five months of last year, a total of 977,312 head of cattle were
imported to the United States. Of those, Mexico produced 574,048 head.

Mr. Taylor said increasing numbers of live animals have been driven north from
Mexico by drought conditions.

"Producers there are selling off a good chunk of their herds," he said, ''and
more than usual they've had to send cattle to feed lots north of the border."

The climate wa sn't all that hospitable to cattle north of the Rio Grande
either. Record-high temperatures across much of the United States in July killed
thousands of cattle.

However, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the cattle supply is
still above average.

New cattle placed on feed in the third quarter were 1 percent higher than last
year. USDA expects fourth-quarter placements to be 5 percent higher than in
1994.

"The heat losses haven't made that big a dent," Mr. Taylor said. "The supply
right now is huge."

Demand for beef is also quite high, and exports of frozen beef are rising
slightly.

According to Ron Plain, a livestock marketing economist with the University of
Missouri, a good portion of the increase in beef exports can be found in
increased sales to the former Soviet Union.

Russia, according to figures from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, bought
more than $ 2.44 million worth of frozen beef in the first five months of this
year. In the same period of last year, those sales totaled just $ 320,000,
according to Global Trade Information, based in Columbia, S.C.

Mr. Plain said that consumers in the former Soviet Union are taking advantage of
U.S. consumer's preference for higher-quality cuts of meat.

"There's a limit to how many livers and tongues you can get an American to eat,"
he said.

Beef exports to the Pacific Rim are also rising, driven largely by currency
shifts favorable to U.S. producers.

Sales of beef and veal to Japan, the number-one importer of U.S. beef, reached
368 million pounds through May of this year, up from the 342 million pounds sold
in the same period last year, according to the USDA.

Overall, beef and veal exports reached 657 million pounds through May, up from
the 627 million in the first five months of last year.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 29, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Report on Drought Due

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 74 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 28


New projections of how much damage the drought has done to this year's harvests
will be issued in two weeks by the United States Department of Agriculture. The
special forecast will be in the department's regular crop report on July 12 and
will include new figures adjusted for damage done by this year's heat and
drought, Assistant Secretary Ewen M. Wilson, who oversees the department's
economic and statistical services, said Monday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                             April 22, 1991, Monday

BEEF PRICES COULD DROP IF US ESTIMATE OF SECOND-QUARTER SLAUGHTER IS ACCURATE

BYLINE: BY SCOTT KILMAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 2, Column 5

LENGTH: 62 words


Consumers could get break from high beef prices this summer, signals Agriculture
Dept cattle report; department projects that second-quarter slaughter will hit
6.4 million cattle--biggest number for any quarter in recent memory; if beef
does materialize, grocery store chains that reaped fat margins in recent months
on beef will probably be dragged into price war (M)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           December 6, 1990, Thursday

FARM SUBSIDY RIFT PERSISTS

BYLINE: BRUCE BARNARD

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 543 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS, Belgium


The United States and the European Community Wednesday night were still locked
in a bitter standoff on farm reform at critical world trade talks in Brussels,
despite firm indications that the community is poised to improve its offer on
agriculture subsidies.

The EC, bowing to intense pressure from Washington and its allies in the
14-nation Cairns Group of farm product exporters, is revamping its position on
export subsidies and market access. But it refuses to move publicly because the
United States insists on tackling the farm issue before moving on to other rade
sectors.

European Community trade and farm ministers emerged from an emergency session
last night in a combative mood, declaring that they would not change their
negotiating mandate unless Washington abandoned its attempt to focus exclusively
on farm reform.

"The EC has no reason to give way to others, especially the United States," one
EC minister commented.

"The community agricultural offer is a very (appropriate) offer. I don't
understand why America rejects this offer," said another participant, Ignaz
Kiechle, German agriculture minister.

Meanwhile there was mounting pressure on U.S. trade negotiators from the private
sector and congressional officials to suspend their participation in the talks
unless the EC's offer was credible.

Frans Andriessen, the EC trade commissioner, and Ray MacSharry, the EC's
agriculture commissioner, had spent the day trying to bolster support for the
EC's position and isolate the United States.

"The EC is on the offensive. They feel the tide is turning in its favor and the
United States will be isolated by tonight," a community official said.

There were signs that Brussels was at last contemplating a limited climb- down
on the key issues of export subsidies and market access.

These offers will fall far short of the demands of the United States, but may be
accepted by some Cairns Group nations and the developing countries, who claim
that they have been marginalized by the U.S.-EC confrontation.

"We will have to make a concession on agriculture, it is evident," said Hugo
Paeman, the EC's top negotiator in the General Agreements on Tariffs and Trade,
or GATT, which oversees the Uruguay Round.

The community, however, would expect reciprocal concessions in the other trade
areas, he stressed.

A senior Bush administration official said the United States would not agree to
conditions as a concession for EC movement on export subsidies and market
access.

"We can't accept it if the community comes back and says you've got to pay for a
move that everybody expects, then (turns around and) makes it anyway," the U.S.
official said.

Despite the aggressive tone of the EC trade and farm ministers, Mr. Andriessen
continued to push for a revised farm package that would ease his negotiating
position in other sectors, especially trade in services.

Officials from the United States and other farm exporting nations Wednesday
night were still hoping that political clearance for the EC's concessions would
come from German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and French President Francois Mitterrand
at their dinner in Paris.

French Agriculture Minister Louis Mermaz was attending a cabinet meeting in
Paris.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related article: US BACKS OFF ON SUPPORT FOR GLOBAL SERVICES
PACT

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 9, 1991 Saturday

U.S. Canadian potato talks set

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 554 words


Canadian Press and staff
Canada will meet with U.S. officials next week in hopes of ending a U.S.
ban on imports of Canadian potatoes.

Washington closed the border to Canadian seed potatoes last Wednesday
to prevent the spread of a virus that appeared in New Brunswick and Prince
Edward Island last summer.

The ban affects seed potatoes from Prince Edward Island and New
Brunswick, as well as all Canadian table potatoes that haven't been
treated with a sprout inhibitor.

The U.S. ban sparked an angry reaction in the Maritimes because it
could cost Canadian producers tens of millions of dollars.

The PEI government called for retaliatory measures against the United
States unless the ban is lifted.

"We are left with little choice but to suspect this action is a form of
trade protectionism," said PEI Agriculture Minister Keith Milligan. "I
think sometimes - and probably this is a case in point - that it would be
fair for the Canadian government to flex its muscles."

The United States described the ban as a temporary measure primarily
designed to protect that country's tobacco and tomato crops, which are
also vulnerable to the virus.

"We're putting together a review group to see whether Agriculture
Canada safeguards are adequate," said Caree Lawrence, a spokeswoman for
the U.S. Trade Representative. "We want to see whether further quarantines
are necessary."

She said U.S. trade officials had already held an initial meeting with
their Canadian counterparts.

At the next meeting, Canadian agricultural officials will try to
reassure their U.S. counterparts that they are taking all the steps
necessary to eradicate the virus.

"We will have very detailed technical discussions with the U.S. next
week," said Diane Milne of the Canadian Agriculture Department. "We will
explain our program to eradicate the virus."

Despite calls from the PEI and New Brunswick agriculture ministers for
retaliation, there will be no action at least until after the officials
meet, said Tom Van Dusen, a spokesman for federal Agriculture Minister
Donald Mazankowski.

The U.S. officials expect to make a decision by Feb. 15.

George Webster, chairman of the PEI Potato Board, said the U.S. ban is
a disastrous blow to the industry.

"It's unbelievable," he said, adding that the ban could cost PEI and
New Brunswick about $100-million over the course of a year. "We're right
into heavy shipping time with regard to U.S. markets. The economic impact
is extremely high."

PEI and New Brunswick ship up to 15 per cent of their total potato
product to the United States every year.

Even if the ban is lifted immediately, Mr. Webster said it could take
two or three years for the industry to restore its reputation for a
quality product.

There is also the problem of competitors moving in on customers of PEI
potatoes, Mr. Milligan said.

"When we are displaced from a market, certain other people move into
that market," he said. "And it's in the interest of certain places to have
us removed. If that is the fact, that is protectionism."

Canadian officials said precautions are being taken with Canadian
crops, but the action is not as severe. Seed potatoes are being tested and
any showing no sign of the virus will be planted.

The virus has affected 17 farms since it was discovered on the Island.
The virus can be transmitted by aphids from an infected potato plant to
tomatoes and tobacco.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 10, 1988 Saturday

GATT group retaliates over U.S., EC wrangling

BYLINE: EDWARD GREENSPON and BRIAN MILNER; GAM

LENGTH: 1089 words

DATELINE: Montreal PQ


BY  EDWARD GREENSPON and BRIAN MILNER
 The Globe and Mail
  MONTREAL
  As had been feared, bitter differences between the United States and the
European Community over agricultural subsidies spilled over into other
trade areas at the conclusion of global negotiations yesterday - pouring
gasoline on a dangerous farm trade war.

The week-long meeting of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
fell short of even its minimum objectives, as a group of Latin American
countries blocked acceptance of tentative deals on trade in services,
improving GATT's policing role, removing barriers on tropical products and
cutting tariffs.

The obstructing countries, which are members along with Canada in the
Cairns group of smaller agricultural producing nations, were angry at the
inability of the United States and the EC to bridge their divisions on
agriculture.

'These are not solutions only for industrial countries,' Uruguayan  Agriculture
Minister Pedro Bonino said in denying wealthier countries the  progress they
sought in other areas.

But Canada and Australia, which have wider economic interests than just
farm exports, kept their distance from the scorched-earth tactic of their
less-developed Cairns partners.

'That's a kamikaze kind of approach and not a balanced approach,'  Trade
Minister John Crosbie said.

'We wouldn't have blocked,' an Australian spokesman said, 'but, we  certainly
supported their attitude. They were driven to it.'     Generally, the trade
ministers tried to put a brave face on the talks,  saying they had made progress
in Montreal, and will send their senior  officials to a special meeting in
Geneva this April to try to break the  logjam over agriculture.

Besides agriculture, the remaining problem areas are intellectual
property rights, textiles and safeguards to protect domestic industries
from unfair competition. With the possible exception of intellectual
property, these are expected to fall into place if an agricultural truce
can be arranged.

On a positive note, the ministers pointed out that agreement on how to
carry out the final two years of trade negotiations has been reached for
11 out of 15 subjects being addressed.

'The decisions reached in Montreal must be carefully preserved not as  museum
pieces but to provide a sound springboard for the rapid advance of  negotiations
(in April),' EC External Trade Commissioner Willy de Clercq  said. Rather than
going down as a failure, U.S. Trade Representative  Clayton Yeutter said the
Montreal meeting was a 'magnificent  preparation' for the rest of the Uruguay
Round. It crammed six months  worth of negotiations into four days, which will
pay dividends before the  scheduled 1990 end of the round, he said.

But some ministers could not hide their disappointment.

'I won't pretend that this is the outcome I was hoping for when we  began," Mr.
Crosbie said.

'Nobody blinked,' he added. 'The European Community and the United  States
closed their eyes.'     Once again, Mr. Crosbie singled out the 12-nation EC for
blame over the  failure of the agricultural talks.

'We regret that the European Community was either unwilling or unable  to show
more flexibility in their positions on this issue. If they had,  perhaps the
United States might have responded.'     There are fears the farm trade war will
worsen in the aftermath of the  meeting. But Mr. Yeutter said the three-month
holding pattern will help  provide political impetus for a negotiated solution
when officials  reconvene talks in Geneva.

The ebullient Trade Representative, who steps down next month, said
that as of yesterday morning he already was sensing a softening of some
positions. Once again, though, he set out the U.S. position on agriculture
in strong language.

'This is not a problem in which we should simply be nibbling around  the edges,"
he said. 'It is never wise to settle for a 10th of a loaf  when what one really
needs is far, far more than that.'     Both belligerents maintained their form
to the end. If the United  States holds to its current stance over the next four
months, a senior EC  official said, 'then there's no purpose in even starting
talks."

Until officials reconvene in April, all areas of the trade negotiations
are effectively frozen, even the issue of easing access to markets for
tropical products, which had been settled earlier this week.

GATT director-general Arthur Dunkel said he is optimistic that the
breakthroughs he had hoped for in Montreal will materialize in Geneva. He
was particularly happy that negotiators will come to the April meeting
with a bad conscience over their failure to wrap up all 15 issues at the
mid-term review.

'When people have bad consciences, it is a good start to make a  deal.'
However, Australian Trade Negotiations Minister Michael Duffy was  doubtful that
appointed officials could accomplish in April what elected  ministers could not
in December.

'It is time for an end to pious utterances and for some hard work and  hard
decisions,' he declared. 'Up until now, people simply have not been  serious
enough.'     Mr. Yeutter hinted it is up to mid-sized powers, like Australia and
Canada, and internal pressures to push the United States and the EC into a
resolution of their agricultural conflict.

'The question is whether the world can generate sufficient political  pressures
in the agricultural sphere to convince the major participants  that they simply
have to engage in a meaningful long-term reform effort."

The Latin American gambit of holding progress in other areas ransom to
movement on agriculture will provide some pressure, he said.

Said an Australian official: 'The U.S. and EC grossly underestimated
the strength of the Latins.'
   For all its global trading and financial might, Japan kept a
deliberately low profile at the talks, and stayed out of the agriculture
debate altogether.

The silence of Japan, which has been as reluctant as the EC to adopt
long-term agricultural reform measures, pleased U.S. officials, while EC
negotiators were clearly annoyed.

Japanese sources said a compromise had been proposed on a bilateral
dispute with the United States over rice, setting the stage for U.S.
recognition of the importance of protecting food security, Japan's major
agricultural concern.

Although the United States had earlier insisted that a deal on tropical
products would be linked to wider agreement on agriculture, in the end it
was willing to agree to go along with the others, Mr. Yeutter said.
However, the Latin American action froze that initiative entirely.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
(District of Columbia) applies for US Patent titled as "Method for Extending the
Shelf-Life of Crops Such as Roots, Tubers, or Bulbs"

LENGTH: 199 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170043889 for US Patent, published on February 16, 2017, by
The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
(District of Columbia), titled as "Method for Extending the Shelf-Life of Crops
Such as Roots, Tubers, or Bulbs"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Jin; Zhonglin T.; (North Wales, PA) ; Niemira; Brendan A.; (Oreland,
PA)

Applicant: The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture   Washington   DC   US (District of Columbia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods for extending the shelf-life of crops (e.g., roots, tubers, bulbs,
corms, rhizomes and similar commodities), involving washing the crops (e.g.,
ginseng roots) in an aqueous solution containing about 50 ppm to about 500 ppm
sodium hypochlorite and subsequently coating the crops with an aqueous solution
containing chitosan and at least one organic acid (e.g., lactic acid, levulinic
acid, acetic acid), and placing the crops in modified atmospheric packaging. The
shelf-life of crops can be extended by up to about 38 weeks."


LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 26, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

BLOCK ON 'GOOD WILL' SOVIET TRIP

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section A; Page 2, Column 3; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW, Aug. 25


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block arrived in Moscow today and said he and a
top-level team of American farm figures were seeking to expand agricultural
trade with the Soviet Union during a weeklong ''good will'' trip.

Speaking at the airport after being met by the Soviet Agriculture Minister,
Valentin K. Mesyats, Mr. Block said American-Soviet agricultural relations were
productive but ''not entirely trouble-free.''

Mr. Block arrived with the leaders of several American growers' associations and
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel G. Amstutz. They had come ''to explore the
possibilities for expanding ties,'' he said.

Mr. Block said Washington saw his visit as a demonstration of President Reagan's
desire to promote dialogue in advance of the planned summit meeting with Mikhail
S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader, in November. The American delegation is to go
to farms and agricultural institutes in Moscow, Leningrad and the Ukraine.

American experts said the emphasis of the trip, which follows a tour of the
United States by Mr. Mesyats last year, was on ''good will.'' Saying they do not
expect any firm agreements to arise from the visit, they said Mr. Block is
likely to raise the question of low Soviet purchases of American wheat when he
meets officials at the Foreign Trade Ministry, which oversees grain imports.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 26, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CONNECTICUT JOURNAL

SECTION: Section 11CN; Page 3, Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 355 words


S TARTING March 1, the two winemakers in Stonington - Clarke Vineyards and
Stonecrop Vineyards - will be able to label their wines as ''estate bottled.''
This distinction will probably make little difference to the average consumer,
but the two winemakers hope it will increase the popularity of their products
among connoisseurs.

''It lends an aura of prestige to the wine,'' said

Thomas R. Clarke , the owner of Clarke Vineyards. ''To wine snobs, it gives the
wine a whole new feeling. It makes it seem like something special.''

On March 1 the United States Department of Agriculture will establish a
''viticultural district'' encompassing southeast Connecticut and parts of
Massachusetts and Rhode Island.

To qualify as a viticultural district, a grape- growing region must have uniform
soil and climate.

Once an area is declared a viticultural district, however, vintners may label
their wines as estate bottled, provided the grapes were grown within the
district, and are either owned by the vineyard or have been managed by the
vintner for three years.



About 20 percent of the dairy farmers in Connecticut have signed up for a
program that will pay them to reduce their milk production, according to

David T. Schreiber , state executive director of the Agricultural Stabilization
and Conservation Service, an agency of the United States Agriculture Department.

Under the program, Mr. Schreiber said, 116 of Connecticut's 574 milk producers
will cut their output from 5 to 30 percent for a total of 370,000 pounds, or
about 5.5 percent of the state's total production. The farmers will be paid $10
for every hundred pounds of milk they cut from their 1981-82 production levels.
The program is retroactive to Jan. 1 and extends to the end of March 1985.

Connecticut farmers produce 50 percent of the state's milk needs at present, Mr.
Schreiber said, but even with the cutbacks there will be no shortage of fresh
milk here.

''It won't be noticeable, actually,'' he said. ''We're running a good 10 percent
over what we need, with what's coming in from Massachusetts and Vermont.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 23, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Will Agriculture Stay a Bright Spot In the Trade Data?

BYLINE: By HUBERT B. HERRING

SECTION: Section 3; Column 6; Money and Business/Financial Desk; OPENERS: THE
COUNT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 189 words


The trade deficit is always a dismaying topic. Every time new statistics come
out, it's a fresh reminder that the United States keeps importing far more than
it exports, digging itself deeper into this particular hole. The latest numbers
from the Census Bureau show a $63.8 billion May deficit, and as always, the gap
with China kept widening, to $17.7 billion.

Ethan S. Harris, a Lehman Brothers economist, said that the United States and
China are ''both dancing on the Titanic here,'' suggesting that such a
precarious imbalance in global trade could not continue indefinitely.

Through it all, though, Americans could take comfort in being, at least, one of
the world's breadbaskets, with surplus after surplus in agricultural products.
As recently as 2002, the United States exported $53.1 billion worth of such
products, but imported only $41.9 billion worth. But even there the advantage is
eroding. In April, in fact, agriculture slipped into a slight deficit, though
the overall May figures -- which actually weren't bad if you could take oil out
of the equation -- gave agricultural exports an edge again.    HUBERT B. HERRING



URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph tracks United States agricultural imports and exports from 2002
to 2005.(Source by United States Department of Agriculture)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 16, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS;
U.S. Postpones a Threat on European Meat

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 21; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS, April 15


The United States has postponed until April 30 threatened action against
European Union meat imports to allow trans-Atlantic talks on veterinary
standards to continue, a European Commission spokesman said today.

Washington had said that if no deal was reached by today it would remove more
than 100 European meat and poultry plants from its list of approved exporters.
Such a move could halt up to $300 million worth of meat shipments to the United
States, mostly pork products from Denmark and ham from Italy.

At issue in the dispute are veterinary inspections of imported animal products.

On April 1, the 15-nation European Union introduced rules that United States
officials say block about $100 million worth of United States exports to Europe.

A United States Agriculture Department official said Monday that European
negotiators would head back to Washington for talks Wednesday. Agreement was
reported to be close except over poultry imports, and word was awaited from the
United States about whether a deal could be reached that excluded poultry for
now.

The complicated talks, which began three years ago, have covered a wide range of
issues and sectors including beef and pork, poultry, pet food, dairy and eggs.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 20, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FARM IMPORTS RISE AS EXPORTS PLUNGE

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 1, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 1364 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 19


Global demand for United States farm products is dropping sharply, while
Americans' taste for imported food is rising.

Farm products now make up less than 14 percent of the total value of all
American exports, the lowest level since 1940, according to the Department of
Commerce.

The value of farm exports from October through February dropped to $12.8
billion, 20 percent below the comparable period the year before, the Agriculture
Department said. Department economists, who have already reduced their forecast
of agricultural export sales for the year to $28 billion, say that they may have
to lower it again next month.

In the same five months, American food imports totaled $8.6 billion, 6 percent
ahead of the comparable period the year before. At the current pace, imports are
likely to top $21 billion this year, a record, according to the Department of
Agriculture.

The projected surplus of $7 billion in farm trade would be the lowest since
1972. The falloff, if it continues, will worsen the nation's overall merchandise
trade deficit, which was a record $124.3 billion in 1985.

The drop in exports has come despite the fall in the value of the dollar, which
should make American agricultural products more attractive to foreign buyers,
and despite a new farm bill intended in part to spur exports. And it comes as
nonfarm exports are on the rise.

The latest assessment by the Agriculture Department of the export situation,
made Friday, came two days after it reported that the volume of American grain
sold overseas in the five months ended Feb. 28 fell to 55 million metric tons,
or 60.5 million standard tons, 16 percent lower than the year before.

''Corn, wheat, and cotton are way down,'' said Tom Warden, an economist with the
Department of Agriculture. ''Our forecast might have to come down another
billion dollars. We're still looking at the figures.''

Agricultural experts said Mr. Warden's assessment was a sharp reversal from the
optimism that followed enactment in December of the Food Security Act of 1985.
The legislation lowered the prices the Government set for most major commodities
to help American farmers become more competitive and regain overseas markets
they lost in recent years because of the high value of the dollar and the
increasing ability of many nations to feed themselves. The law also contained
new financing and subsidy programs that lawmakers said might lower barriers to
trade.

Estimates Are Lowered

Soon after the law's passage, the Department of Agriculture predicted that farm
products' sales overseas would total $29 billion in the fiscal year 1986, a
decline of $2 billion from 1985, which is relatively small when contrasted with
the fall of $7 billion the year before.

But in February, after reviewing dismal three-month trade figures, the
Department of Agriculture reduced its export sales estimate, to $28 billion.

Agriculture specialists generally agree that the most significant changes in the
new farm law have not taken full effect and that it may be too early to
determine whether the law will help raise farm exports. They pointed out, too,
that European nations, fearful of the lower prices for American products, are
selling wheat and corn at record low prices, often with the aid of government
subsidies.

''Anybody who has product is moving it out before our harvest hits the market,''
said Dennis Avery, an agriculture specialist with the State Department. ''We now
have a lower-value dollar. Our farm law has lowered prices to competitive
levels. And once those combines start rolling through the wheat fields of Texas
in May and June, I think we'll see that the United States is back in the game.''


A Long Road Back

But other experts said the world trade in food and fiber is more competitive
than ever, and that it may be years, if ever, before American farmers return to
the record level of 1981, when farmers exported a record 162 million metric tons
worth $44 billion. The volume of exports has declined every year since, reaching
126 million metric tons last year. The latest forecast for 1986 is 122.5 million
metric tons.

An ominous trend this year, they said, was the particularly poor sales of
American farm products over the winter, traditionally a time of strong sales.

The reason for the turnaround in American food exports is a fundamental and
extraordinary change in the old order of world trade in food and fibers that
American farmers had dominated. Improved production practices and concerted
efforts by governments to foster their own farmers have turned roughly 30
nations that were normally food importers into food exporters.

The world is awash in grain. Two hundred million metric tons are stored around
the world, a record. In China, for example, corn production has expanded 15
percent since 1982, rice production has grown by 20 percent and wheat output is
up 40 percent.

A Crisis on American Farms

But the world's new ability to feed itself has spawned a crisis in the American
Farm Belt. In 1981, the United States sold 48.2 million metric tons of wheat
overseas, nearly 45 percent of total world sales. Last year, wheat growers
managed to sell just 24.5 million metric tons overseas, about 25 percent of
wheat sales worldwide. In the October-February period, American export wheat
sales were down $1 billion from the year before.

''It's very bad,'' said Dick Fritz, a market analyst with U.S. Wheat Associates
Inc., a Washington-based export trade association. ''We don't see any
improvement soon in this situation. Maybe the farm law will help. We could get
back to the 30 million-ton level. I don't know if we'll ever get back to 48
million tons.''

The lower sales overseas are producing huge grain surpluses in the United
States. Silos are filling fast, and farmers worry that they will not have
adequate space this fall for storing the harvest. Moreover, the cost to the
Government of buying and storing surplus farm products will top $20 billion this
year, a record, according to the Agriculture Department.

Discussions With Common Market

Farm leaders, as a result, are anxious to pursue a policy aimed at increasing
export sales. Secretary of Agriculture Richard E. Lyng was in Europe last week
to discuss the situation with leaders from the European Economic Community.

Foreign leaders have complained about the new American farm policy, especially
its program to lower commodity prices, which they contend will hurt their
farmers. Indeed, what some analysts see as early skirmishes in a trade war have
broken out between the United States and the Common Market.

Clayton K. Yeutter, the United States trade representative, said today that the
Reagan Administration will impose unspecified new restrictions on European
imports next month in retaliation for what it views as protectionist trade
policies. The Common Market said it would decide on its response to the American
moves after next month's Western economic summit meeting in Tokyo.

Policy Is Defended

Michael Jopling, Britain's Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, defended
Britain's support of its exports in a speech in March in Washington. ''I believe
European countries have the right to protect their agriculture,'' he said, ''and
I do not accept that the policy itself is illegitimate or even badly designed.''

In Canada, too, farm officials complained that the new United States farm law
will lower net farm income there by 10 percent this year. But Mr. Lyng and other
American farm leaders think Canada has little cause to complain. Last year, for
the first time, the United States imported more farm products from Canada than
it exported. The difference over the year was valued at $272 million.

Mr. Lyng has little sympathy for other nations' concerns as well. ''The people
who grow and export meat and grains and other things, they had it pretty good
these last few years because we kept our support prices high enough,'' he said.
''As we tried to reduce total production of these commodities to balance our
surpluses, these countries expanded, and they kept taking our business. We're
going out to get it back now, and they don't like it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of U.S. agricultural trade balance (Source: U.S. Agriculture
Dept.)

TYPE: STATISTICS

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                             April 18, 2004, Sunday

Enfer Scientific given approval to distribute BSE tests in America

BYLINE: Des Crowley

SECTION: Business; Eire Business & Money 3

LENGTH: 304 words


ENFER SCIENTIFIC, the Tipperary-based company that specialises in producing BSE
testing kits, has been given the green light to distribute its products in
America, writes Des Crowley.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has granted the necessary
licence to Illinois-based Abbott Laboratories, which holds the right to
distribute the kits outside Ireland. The go-ahead follows America's first
confirmed case of BSE, or mad cow disease, last December, which prompted many
countries to ban imports of American beef.

The test, which gives results in a few hours, has been approved for cattle
testing in Europe and Japan and has been used on more than 3m samples, Abbott
said. It detects abnormal proteins believed to cause BSE in brain tissue.

Enfer Scientific is the world's largest BSE screening laboratory, performing up
to 9,000 tests a day. Prior to the approval of rapid BSE tests, the USDA used a
BSE test that took several days to complete.

Following last December's scare, the USDA vowed to increase the number of tests
it carries out and has licensed two other products in addition to Enfer's. Last
year it processed 20,000 cattle, but this is projected to increase to hundreds
of thousands this year. The tests cost about E22 each.

The deal brings global reach to the wholly Irish-owned company, which has
headquarters in Cashel, a manufacturing plant in Newbridge, Co Kildare and
employs 90 people.

Founded in 1991, Enfer Technology, the parent company of Enfer Scientific and
Enfer Testing, made a pre-tax profit of E17m in 2002 on a turnover of E28.1m.

The company, founded by Louis Ronan and Michael O'Connor, paid its two
shareholders a total dividend of E25m in 2002, leaving E8m in its reserves.
Ronan owns 85% of the company and O'Connor holds the remainder.


LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 11, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Block Cautions On U.S. Farms

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 14, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 10


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said today that the United States, with its
huge capacity for food production, has ''one of the most valuable tools in
foreign relations that it has ever held.''

Citing record exports of agricultural commodities, Mr. Block said they had
provided a $30 billion annual edge over imports of such commodities. This
surplus has helped ease the trade deficits in nonagricultural goods, he said.

''But we may not always have this agricultural force if we do not start now to
work toward keeping the industry solvent,'' he said.  ''That means creating an
economic climate in this nation that will allow its food plant to continue its
forward thrust.''

Mr. Block's remarks came in a speech for a New York meeting of the Council on
Foreign Relations, a private organization. A text of his talk was released here
by the Agriculture Department.

He said agriculture ''could be facing a bleak future due to the economic forces
that have worked against it.'' Inflation and interest rates, he said, are
pushing up farmers' debts faster than the value of their assets.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Seventh Circuit: THOMAS M. MCCARTHY, Plaintiff-Appellant, v. THOMAS J. VILSACK,
Secretary, United States Department of Agriculture, Defendant-Appellee.

LENGTH: 1033  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Seventh Circuit
has issued the following order:



  United States Court of Appeals For the Seventh Circuit Chicago, Illinois 60604
Submitted October 31, 2016* Decided November 1, 2016 Before ILANA DIAMOND
ROVNER, Circuit Judge ANN CLAIRE WILLIAMS, Circuit Judge DAVID F. HAMILTON,
Circuit Judge No. 16-2058 THOMAS M. MCCARTHY, Plaintiff-Appellant, v. THOMAS J.
VILSACK, Secretary, United States Department of Agriculture, Defendant-Appellee.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western District of
Wisconsin. No. 15-cv-312-bbc Barbara B. Crabb, Judge.

O R D E R Two years after he was not interviewed for two positions with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Thomas McCarthy brought this
employment-discrimination suit under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,
42 U.S.C. §§ 2000e-2000e-17, and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29
U.S.C. §§ 621-634. The district court granted summary judgment for the
government after concluding that McCarthy had not contacted an equal employment
opportunity counselor with the agency in a timely * We have unanimously agreed
to decide the case without oral argument because the briefs and record
adequately present the facts and legal arguments, and oral argument would not
significantly aid the court. See FED. R. APP. P. 34(a)(2)(C). NONPRECEDENTIAL
DISPOSITION To be cited only in accordance with Fed. R. App. P. 32.1 Case:
16-2058 Document: 15 Filed: 11/01/2016 Pages: 3 No. 16-2058 Page 2 manner--a
prerequisite for filing suit--and that equitable tolling was not warranted. We
affirm. McCarthy, a former USDA employee who had retired in 2006, applied in
2011 for two loan-specialist positions (in Wisconsin and Minnesota) that would
have allowed him to rejoin the department's Office of Rural Development. Despite
receiving emails that he was among the "best qualified" applicants and had been
"referred" to interviewing officials, he was not offered an interview for either
job. In late June 2011, he was notified that the jobs had been filled. According
to McCarthy, he did not suspect at that time that he had been subjected to
discrimination, but his view changed in July 2013, when he came across the old
emails acknowledging his "best qualified" status. He alleged that he then
learned that his application may have been undermined by a former supervisor
from his previous job with the USDA in Wisconsin (and with whom he had clashed,
leading to his 2006 retirement). McCarthy says that this supervisor was working
in 2011 at the USDA office in Minnesota where he had applied, and he believed
that this supervisor must have influenced the decisions not to interview him for
the Minnesota and Wisconsin positions. McCarthy contacted an equal employment
opportunity counselor in September 2013 and complained that the decisions not to
interview him in 2011 were based on his race and sex (as a white male), his age
(62 at the time), and past complaints that he had brought when he used to work
with the agency. The USDA denied McCarthy's EEO complaint after concluding that
he had failed to initiate contact with an EEO counselor within 45 days of the
alleged discriminatory action, as required under 29 C.F.R. § 1614.105(a)(1), and
that there were no circumstances justifying an extension of that time limit.
McCarthy then brought this suit, but the district court granted summary judgment
for the government after concluding that his attempt to exhaust his
administrative remedies was untimely. The court considered whether this 45-day
time limit should be equitably tolled based on McCarthy's assertion that he did
not learn about the alleged discrimination until 2013, but it concluded that
McCarthy had not shown that he was diligent in investigating a potential claim
of discrimination. He did not describe any actions he took before 2013 to look
into a possible claim, nor did he allege that any of the purportedly relevant
information about the former supervisor's employment in 2011 was not public or
could not have been uncovered earlier. Nor did he suggest how the supervisor's
employment with the Minnesota office was relevant, Case: 16-2058 Document: 15
Filed: 11/01/2016 Pages: 3 No. 16-2058 Page 3 since McCarthy offered no reason
to believe that the former supervisor was even involved in hiring for either of
the two open positions. On appeal McCarthy generally challenges the district
court's decision not to equitably toll the 45-day time limit to contact an EEO
counselor about alleged discrimination. He disputes the court's conclusion that
he did not investigate his claim with due diligence because it did not occur to
him until seeing the old emails in 2013 that his former supervisor may have
discouraged the USDA offices from interviewing him. The 45-day time limit under
29 C.F.R. § 1614.105(a)(1) is not a jurisdictional prerequisite and may be
equitably tolled, see Lapka v. Chertoff, 517 F.3d 974, 981 (7th Cir. 2008), but
the district court properly concluded that McCarthy did not demonstrate due
diligence. Equitable tolling applies "when the plaintiff, exercising due
diligence, was unable to discover evidence vital to a claim until after the
statute of limitations expired." Sidney Hillman Health Ctr. of Rochester v.
Abbott Labs., Inc., 782 F.3d 922, 931 (7th Cir. 2015) (quoting Moultrie v. Penn
Aluminum Int'l, LLC, 766 F.3d 747, 752 (7th Cir. 2014)). As the district court
explained, McCarthy did not describe taking any steps to uncover evidence of
discrimination upon not being interviewed in 2011 or explain why reasonable
diligence would not sooner have turned up information about his former
supervisor's employment. Nor did McCarthy identify any evidence to support his
theory that the supervisor played a role in the hiring process for the two
positions. Indeed, evidence in the record shows that the supervisor actually
applied at the same time as McCarthy for the Wisconsin position and had never
even worked at the Minnesota office. AFFIRMED. Case: 16-2058 Document: 15 Filed:
11/01/2016 Pages: 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to The United States of America as Represented by the
Secretary of the Department of Agriculture (N/A) on May 06 titled as "Fruit and
vegetable films and uses thereof"

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,715,763, on
May 06, 2014, to The United States of America as Represented by the Secretary of
the Department of Agriculture (N/A), titled as "Fruit and vegetable films and
uses thereof"

Inventors:  McHugh; Tara H. (El Cerrito, CA), de Bord; Matthew D. (Manteca, CA),
Olsen; Carl W. (Davis, CA)

Assignee:  The United States of America as Represented by the Secretary of the
Department of Agriculture (Washington, DC)
N/A (

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention is directed to monolayer, bilayer, and multilayer films made
from fruit, vegetable or a combination thereof, which films have the thinness,
strength, flexibility, and crispness to serve as alternates or substitutes for
seaweed-based films such as nori, while providing the nutrition and flavor of
fruits and vegetables. The films are useful for wrapping around a multiplicity
of foods, and can be used to provide wrapped foods, including for example fruit
and vegetable wrapped sushi and onigiri."

The patent was filed on October 28, 2011 Application no.  13/284,496

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by The
Secretary of Agriculture (DC) on March 17 titled as "Cross-linked biofiber
products and processes for their manufacture"

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,978,292, on
March 17, 2015, to The United States of America, as represented by The Secretary
of Agriculture (DC), titled as "Cross-linked biofiber products and processes for
their manufacture"

Inventors:  Holt; Gregory A. (Brownfield, TX), Lee; Edward (Manteno, IL), Ellis,
III; Watt Andy (Centre, AL), Wedegaertner; Thomas C. (Cary, NC)
Assignee: The United States of America, as represented by The Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Value-added compositions such as mulches, insulation, and animal bedding may be
produced from cotton waste. These compositions are formed from mixtures of at
least two cellulosic, biofiber components, wherein one or both of the components
are fiberized. The compositions of this invention include mixtures of: a. a
first cellulosic component of cotton byproducts, and b. a second cellulosic
component which is visible to the naked eye, and which includes hay, grass,
kenaf, straw, plant residue remaining following the harvest of crops such as
cereal grains, rice, soybeans, and grass seed, wood, sawdust, wood pulp, paper,
or mixtures of any of the above, wherein one or both of the first or second
cellulosic component are fiberized and the fibers of the fiberized component are
intermixed with and entangled about the other component in a 3-dimensional
matrix."

The patent was filed on September 1, 2010 Application no. 12/873,613

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 27, 2007 Monday

US company John Deere reportedly to supply agricultural equipment to Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 369 words


Text of report by Zimbabwean TV on 23 August

A division of United States agriculture equipment manufacturer John Deere has
pledged to help boost the government's land reform programme by supplying
agriculture equipment under the government's first phase of its agricultural
mechanization programme. This was revealed after a meeting between the Minister
of Agricultural Engineering and Mechanization, Comrade Joseph Made, and two
officials from John Deere, Mr William Boikutso and Mr Lucas Groenwel [as heard].
Our agriculture correspondent Tendai Munengwa gives us more details.

[Munengwa] John Deere is a big supplier of agriculture machinery and equipment
in South Africa but wants to target Zimbabwe as one of its biggest markets in
Africa by taking advantage of the country's ongoing agricultural mechanization
programme. Comrade Joseph Made the Minister of Agricultural Engineering and
Mechanization told journalists in Harare that the government would work with
John Deere to complement its mechanization programme, which is meant to increase
agriculture production.

[Made] As you know John Deere is a big supplier of agricultural machinery,
equipment and tools and the company's South African operation and its partners
in the United States of America have seen Africa presenting many opportunities.
Already they are expanding in South Africa and they have also targeted Zimbabwe
[pause] expressing their wish to be part and parcel of feeding the country. The
company did take some time to outline where they were coming from and I have
also informed them on our Zimbabwe situation and where we want to go as you know
that our economy is agriculture-based.

[Munengwa] Comrade Made said John Deere could supply planters as these were in
short supply. The government early this year embarked on an agriculture
mechanization programme which saw the distribution of tractors, combine
harvesters and planters to farmers who benefited from the land reform programme.
Agriculture experts say Zimbabwe can regain its food basket status if it
mechanizes the agriculture sector, which is the anchor of the country's economy.
Tendai Munengwa reporting for ZBC News in Harare.

Source: ZTV1, Harare, in Shona 1530 gmt 23 Aug 07

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 19, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

VACCINE DEVELOPED BY GENETIC SPLICING

BYLINE: By HAROLD M. SCHMECK Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 858 words


A safe, effective vaccine against foot and mouth disease, one of the world's
most economically serious infections of livestock, has been developed using
gene-splicing techniques, the United States Department of Agriculture announced
yesterday.

''We believe this to be the first production through gene-splicing of an
effective vaccine against any disease in animals or humans,'' Agriculture
Secretary John R. Block said in the announcement made in Washington and also in
Sacramento, Calif., where he was visiting.

Savings of Billions Seen

He added that use of the new vaccine could mean an annual saving of billions of
dollars and an increase in the world's supply of meat.  Foot and mouth disease,
also known as hoof and mouth disease, is considered one of the most serious
diseases of livestock throughout the world. It is caused by a virus that seldom
kills but produces sores in the mouths and on the feet of cows, sheep, pigs,
goats and other cloven-hoofed species, weakening them and reducing their
agricultural value. Presence of the highly contagious virus anywhere interferes
with trade in animal meat and animal products. In rare cases the virus can be
transmitted to humans, producing fever as well as sores.

Animal tests of the vaccine were carried out in the last eight weeks, Mr. Block
said. Its development was a collaboration between scientists of the Agriculture
Department and of Genentech Inc., a California company that is among the leaders
in gene-splicing research and development.

Vaccines against the disease already exist. An estimated 500 million doses are
produced and used throughout the world yearly; a volume said to be greater than
that of any other vaccine against virus disease.

But experts said that more, and better, foot and mouth vaccine was needed.
Current products are made from whole virus, of which there are many subtypes.
The vaccines themselves have sometimes been implicated in outbreaks of the
disease.

The new vaccine consists of a key protein called VP3, one of four major proteins
on the surface of the virus. This vaccine is specific for only one common type
of the virus, a spokesman for Genentech said, but work is in progress on vaccine
against other types also.  Because it is only a subunit of the virus and
contains none of its genetic material, the new vaccine is incapable of causing
the disease, although it does immunize animals that receive it.

Gene-Splicing Technique

In the gene-splicing technique used to produce the vaccine, genetic material
carrying instructions for production of the VP3 protein is spliced into the
genes of commonly used laboratory bacteria called E. coli K-12. The bacteria,
which can be grown in virtually unlimited amounts, then manufacture the virus
protein that is the key ingredient of the vaccine.

The fact that the protein could produce immunity in animals was demonstrated in
1975 by Dr. Howard L. Bachrach and colleagues of the Plum Island Animal Disease
Center, the Department of Agriculture's special facility for study of hazardous
animal viruses. It is situated about one and a half miles off the northeastern
coast of Long Island. Federal law prohibits keeping the intact virus on the
mainland.

The United States and about 30 other countries are free of the disease, but it
exists in some parts of Europe and is widespread in regions of Africa and Latin
America.

Outbreaks of Disease

Recently it was detected on the Isle of Wight and the Channel Islands. The Isle
of Wight discovery meant that Britain would be off limits as a source of
uncooked meat or of animals for the United States. Since World War II, there
have been serious outbreaks in Mexico and Canada. A recent analysis of
gene-splicing's agricultural potential said that the United States and Mexico
spent an estimated $250 million or more in the period from 1946 to 1954 to cope
with outbreaks of foot and mouth disease near the border.

Development of a foot and mouth disease vaccine by gene-splicing methods has
been the subject of intense international competition.  Several other research
groups in the United States and abroad are known to be working on such a
vaccine. In February, collaborating scientists of several institutions in West
Germany reported success in growing the key viral protein in bacteria. The
announcement yesterday credited the American scientists with achieving
production per bacterial cell 1,000 times as great as that reported from West
Germany.

The pace of recent developments in the applications of genesplicing has been
extraordinarily rapid. Medical products such as human growth hormone, insulin
and the antivirus substance interferon have been produced in bacteria and are
all either being tested in humans or are soon to reach that stage of
development.

Persons knowlegable in the field believe these are only the beginning.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of The United States of America as
Represented by the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture titled as "NOVEL
INFRARED DRY BLANCHING, INFRARED BLANCHING AND INFRARED DRYING TECHNOLOGIES FOR
FOOD PROCESSING"

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140287109, published on September 25, 2014, by The United States of America as
Represented by the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, titled as "NOVEL
INFRARED DRY BLANCHING, INFRARED BLANCHING AND INFRARED DRYING TECHNOLOGIES FOR
FOOD PROCESSING" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Pan; Zhongli; (Davis, CA) ; McHugh; Tara H.; (El Cerrito, CA)
Assignee: The United States of America as Represented by the Secretary of the
Department of Agriculture
Washington
DC

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
invention relates to food processing and, in particular, blanching and
dehydration of foods. Conventional blanching and dehydration requires use of
steam and forced hot air. This invention is the first to effectively use
infrared radiation energy to perform simultaneous blanching and dehydration of
fruits and vegetables. Since this technology does not involve the addition of
steam or water in the process of blanching, it has been named "infrared
dry-blanching" (IDB) technology. IDB is intended to be a replacement for current
steam, water and/or microwave blanching methods. It can be used to produce many
kinds of value-added dried, refrigerated, frozen and dehydrofrozen foods such as
fruit and vegetable products. In general, the advantages of IDB include (1)
uniform heating which enhances energy efficiency and limits damage from
over-heating, (2) capability of zone heating to address differential density,
(3) ability to treat large or small lots with the same piece of equipment, (4)
portability, since equipment can be built on wheels, and (5) a safe, non-toxic
process with no harmful side-effects to humans or the environment."

The Patent was filed on April 3, 2014 under application No. 20140287109

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 18, 2013 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
titled as "Glyceollins Suppress Androgen-Responsive Prostate Cancer"

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130041022, on February 14, 2013, by UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE,
titled as "Glyceollins Suppress Androgen-Responsive Prostate Cancer" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Cleveland; Thomas E.; (Mandeville, LA) ; Boue; Stephen M.; (New
Orleans, LA) ; Burow; Matthew E.; (Slidell, LA) ; Wang; Thomas T.Y.; (Potomac,
MD)
Assignee:  UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Beltsville
MD

THE ADMINISTRATORS OF THE TULANE EDUCATIONAL FUND
New Orleans
LA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure demonstrates the molecular effects of glyceollins on human
prostate cancer cell LNCaP to further elucidate its potential effects on
prostate cancer prevention. The glyceollins inhibited LNCaP cell growth similar
to that of the soy isoflavone genistein. The growth inhibitory effects of the
glyceollins appeared to be due to an inhibition on G1/S progression and
correlated with an up-regulation of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor A1 and B1
mRNA and protein levels. By contrast, genistein only up-regulates
cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor A1. In addition, glyceollin treatments led to
down-regulated mRNA levels for androgen responsive genes. In contrast to
genistein, this effect of glyceollins on androgen responsive genes appeared to
be mediated through modulation of an estrogen- but not androgen-mediated
pathway. Hence, the glyceollins exerted multiple effects on LNCaP cells that may
be considered cancer preventive and the mechanisms of action appeared to be
different from other soy-derived phytochemicals."

The Patent was filed on December 22, 2009 under application No. 20130041022

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 06, 2015

Food Security - New Report Presents Roadmap for U.S - Africa Trade Policies

BYLINE: Jimoh Babatunde, With Agency Reports

LENGTH: 646 words


The Chicago Council on Global Affairs during the week released recommendations
on how U.S. trade policy could advance food security in Africa and position
American businesses to tap a burgeoning African agriculture and food market,
which is expected to reach $1 trillion by 2030.

The report, Grow Markets, Fight Hunger: A Food Security Framework for
U.S.-Africa Trade Relations, presents evidence that an effort by the United
States focused on bolstering regional trade and harmonizing food standards and
regulations across countries would drive economic growth while improving the
availability and affordability of nutritious foods throughout Africa.

"This year, the U.S. government is working to complete two landmark trade
agreements and renew Trade Promotion Authority and the African Growth and
Opportunity Act (AGOA)," said Ivo H. Daalder, president of The Chicago Council
on Global Affairs.

"The United States would miss a significant opportunity if it did not leverage
these efforts to position U.S. businesses to take advantage of Africa's growing
agriculture and food market, a region to which U.S. agricultural exports have
increased by 200 percent in the last decade."

The Council recommends that the U.S. government will build on the AGOA Forum by
creating a U.S.-Africa Food Dialogue to advance regional economic integration;
reduce technical regulations and standards barriers to agriculture and food
trade; and implement trade facilitation measures.

The report also asks Congress to expand staff at the Office of the U.S. Trade
Representative focused on agriculture and food issues and to empower the newly
created Under Secretary of Trade at the U.S. Department of Agriculture to lead
interagency activities on agriculture and food trade with Africa. The report
also includes specific recommendations on how to amend AGOA to better support
African agriculture and direct U.S.-Africa regional trade talks toward
investment agreements.

"The U.S. government has wisely invested approximately $1 billion annually since
2008 in generating growth in Africa's agriculture and food sector to advance
global food security," said Doug Bereuter, president emeritus of The Asia
Foundation and co-chair of the Council's project on global food security. "More
Africans can gain access to a reliable and affordable source of food if we can
align U.S. trade policies with its food security investments."

Eighty percent of Africans work in the agriculture and food sector, and one
quarter of the continent's total population is chronically undernourished. In
spite of this, current U.S. trade approaches to Africa have limited food
security benefits and also do not benefit American farmers and agrifood
businesses as much as they could. The United States focuses largely on bilateral
trade in the mining and manufacturing industries, neglecting the development of
harmonized standards, cohesive regulatory frameworks and the agriculture and
food sector writ-large. In 2012, only 0.6 percent of Africa's agriculture and
food exports, which totaled $52 billion, went to North America.

"African and American farmers and agrifood businesses stand to make big gains if
we can increase regional trade in Africa through tackling some of the
inconsistencies in standards and regulatory frameworks," said Dan Glickman,
former U.S. secretary of agriculture and cochair of the Council's project on
global food security. "We need to make more headway in reducing the cost of
moving agricultural products and food within and between countries."

The Chicago Council study recommends that U.S. trade policy focus on five goals
to advance food security and position U.S. businesses to benefit from Africa's
rapidly growing future food market:

This report is the latest in a series of Chicago Council studies on global food
security and the role of agriculture and food in low- and middle-income
countries.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 3, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

USDA Expands Mad Cow Inquiry;
Inspector General to Examine Relaxed Rules on Canadian Beef

BYLINE: Marc Kaufman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A02

LENGTH: 862 words


The Agriculture Department's inspector general has significantly expanded its
probe into the agency's handling of mad cow disease, agreeing to examine the
USDA's unannounced decision last year to relax restrictions on trade in Canadian
beef.

In response to a request by Sen. Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.), inspector general
Phyllis K. Fong said in a letter this week that her office will look into the
agency's "actions pertaining to the importation of Canadian beef products," and
whether it properly enforced measures to reduce the risk of mad cow disease from
Canadian beef.

The new inquiry is the fourth initiated by the inspector general regarding mad
cow disease. The agency's independent watchdog office was already investigating
allegations that USDA officials falsified records regarding the diseased
animals, as well as questions about the agency's surveillance program before and
after the discovery of an infected cow in Washington state and concerns that it
failed to properly test an apparently ill 12-year-old Texas animal.

The newest probe will involve auditors and investigators but is not  considered
a criminal inquiry, said counsel to the inspector general, David Gray. He said
the inspector general's office will interview agency officials and review
records to see whether administrative procedures were followed.

Several Democratic senators asked for an inquiry in May after the Agriculture
Department acknowledged that it had quietly expanded a program last fall that
allowed only certain kinds of Canadian beef to be imported into the United
States.

Department officials later admitted they had not properly notified the public,
the industry or Congress about the changes, which were announced on a
difficult-to-find page of a department Web site. Some of the changes implemented
by the Agriculture Department  were also being debated in a formal rulemaking
process.

Daschle and several other senators requested the new investigation last week
after information emerged that the department may have also quietly lifted
several safety requirements in place to protect against mad cow contamination
from Canada.

"Unfortunately, in recent months the American public has been getting more and
more troubling information about USDA's actions regarding beef imports," Daschle
said. "I'm hopeful the inspector general's investigation will result in a truly
comprehensive look at USDA's handling of imports from Canada in the wake of the
discovery of mad cow disease."

Beth Johnson, special adviser to Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman, said
yesterday that the agency welcomes the review and looks forward to
recommendations on how to improve its procedures. She also said that whatever
problems may have existed with the Canadian beef import permits, they did not
jeopardize public health.

"This is not a problem of food safety but of process, of not putting the
information out to the public to let them know about the changes that occurred,"
she said.

Also yesterday, the Agriculture Department said that for the second time this
week, an animal suspected of having mad cow disease turned out, with further
testing, to be free of the virus. The agency began a more aggressive mad cow
disease surveillance program last month, using a test known to produce false
positives.

The first North American case of mad cow disease was discovered in Alberta,
Canada, in May 2003, and the United States stopped all Canadian beef imports. In
August 2003, Veneman announced a loosening of the ban to allow certain cuts of
"low risk" Canadian beef to be brought into the United States.

In the next several months, Agriculture officials acknowledge, they further
loosened the ban to allow in other Canadian beef products, including some ground
beef and sausage considered to have a higher risk of mad cow contamination.

The fact that Canadian processed and ground beef was entering the United States
came to light during federal court proceedings in Montana, where the rancher
association R-CALF USA filed a lawsuit against an Agriculture Department
proposal to expand the cross-border beef trade. A federal district court judge
ruled in May that the department had not followed required procedures when it
relaxed its ban on Canadian beef, and the judge issued a preliminary injunction
to endimportation.

R-CALF then collected public statistics that it said indicated 33 million pounds
of Canadian beef banned under the August 2003 guidelines had been permitted to
enter the United States. The Agriculture Department did its own analysis and
concluded that  2.2 million pounds of Canadian beef came in under permits it had
improperly issued.

Gary Weber, director of regulatory affairs for the National Cattlemen's Beef
Association, said the inspector general's review was necessary. "This shouldn't
be considered a public health risk," he said, "but administrative procedures may
not have been followed, and that should not have occurred."

But Bill Bullard of R-CALF said public safety may have been compromised by some
of the changes allowed by USDA, which he said ignored accepted scientific
guidelines on how to protect against the spread of mad cow disease.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Ada Evening News (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 8, 2011 Friday

Possible government shut down affects locals

BYLINE: Justin Lofton, Ada Evening News, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


April 08--ADA -- As of press time, no budget deal has been reached by United
States government officials to avoid a government shutdown.

This shutdown could affect Ada in multiple ways.

David Barna, chief spokesman of National Parks Service, said all 394 national
parks in the United States would be closed down, including Chickasaw National
Recreation Area in Sulphur.

United States Department of Agriculture offices in Ada may also feel the effects
of the shutdown.

"If (the shutdown) were to happen, all the United States Department of
Agriculture offices in the (Natural Resource Conservation Service Center) would
be affected," said Area Director of Rural Development Tom Roberts.  "Until we
get an official word, we're still looking for business as usual on Monday.
We've been told we should know by (Friday) afternoon whether or not we'll report
to work on Monday."

Robert S. Kerr Environmental Research Center would be shuttered.  An
Environmental Protection Agency Contingency Plan dated April 2011 said 17,324
permanent employees and 397 temporary employees are currently working for EPA.

According to the contingency plan, employees who would continue working through
the shutdown include those whose "compensation is financed by a resource other
than annual appropriations" (856 employees nation-wide or 4.83  percent of EPA's
employees) and employees "ensuring the safety of human life and protection of
property, etc." (804 employees or 4.77 percent of EPA's employees). The plan
said employees affected by the shutdown would also report for work until
shutdown procedures could be completed.

"Only personnel required for the orderly shutdown of the Agency or assigned to
excepted or exempted functions should continue to report for duty," the plan
said.  "All other personnel must depart following their dismissal after they
have secured their work space and documents and entered their time into the
Agency's Time and Attendance System, if required.  EPA estimates that these
activities should take less than one-half workday."

To see more of the Ada Evening News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.adaeveningnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Ada Evening News, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110408-XJ-Possible-government-shut-down-affects-locals-0408-20110408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XJ


                        Copyright 2011 Ada Evening News


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   December 4, 1985, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Ottawa will lead talks on farm free trade, Wise insists

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


   CALGARY (CP) - Federal Agriculture Minister John Wise has made it clear that
his provincial counterparts will take a back seat to Ottawa in agricultural
issues if freer trade talks are held with the United States.

Ottawa and the provinces share jurisdiction for agriculture, but "in the matter
of international affairs the federal government will speak for Canada," Wise
said yesterday.

He spoke during a news conference after his speech to the Alberta Wheat Board's
annual meeting here.

Several provincial premiers have insisted that an arrangement worked out during
their first ministers' conference last week in Halifax gives them equal say with
the federal government in all aspects of the trade negotiations.

The government of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney has refused to clarify its
position, despite repeated questioning in the House of Commons by both
opposition parties.

External Affairs Minister Joe Clark has said, however, that the provinces will
have a veto over matters within their constitutional jurisdiction.

But it has remained unclear how much say the provinces would have on matters
exclusively within federal jurisdiction or areas of shared interest.

Wise said Ottawa wants provincial agriculture ministers to play an active role
in working out Canada's negotiating position with Washington.

"But there is a difference between full input, full participation, and a
rejection or a veto . . . There is no way they (the provinces) can dictate."

Wise said it would be impractical for Canada to include negotiators from every
province at the bargaining table, just as it would be for the United States to
have representation from all 50 states.

"But I don't want that interpreted as a singular or belligerent response," he
said, noting it will be another 90 days before Ottawa and the provinces
establish a common basis for negotiations.

Each government will set out its goals for the talks so that collectively, using
the same data, they can agree on obstacles that may exist in the United States
to achieving their objectives.

But there is nothing in last week's agreement that explains how to end disputes
if some governments don't agree on the data or the obstacles.

Wise promised that whatever happens, western Canadian farmers won't see their
concerns - such as a myriad of import quotas on produce entering the United
States - traded off to provide central Canadian manufacturers with a better
deal.

"Everybody is bound and braced . . . so that doesn't happen," he said.

"The only deal we will sign . . . is a better deal for Canadian agriculture."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1985 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday

American catfish program could hinder trade pact;
10 Asia-Pacific nations say inspection policy violates international law

BYLINE: RON NIXON

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 714 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

Ten Asian and Pacific nations have complained that the Agriculture Department's
inspection program violates international law.

FULL TEXT

Ten Asian and Pacific nations have told the Office of the United States Trade
Representative that the Agriculture Department's catfish inspection program
violates international law, and their objections could hamper Obama
administration efforts to reach a major Pacific trade agreement by the end of
next year.

They say that the inspection program is a trade barrier erected under the guise
of a food safety measure and that it violates the United States' obligations
under World Trade Organization agreements. Among the countries protesting are
Vietnam and Malaysia, which are taking part in talks for the trade agreement -
known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership - and have the ability to derail or hold
up those negotiations.

The complaints  were outlined in a letter last month signed by diplomats from
the 10 countries. The letter did not threaten retaliation, but it stressed that
the American catfish program stood in the way of the trade talks.

Vietnam, a major catfish producer, has long complained about the program, but it
has never before won international support for its fight. Several of the
countries whose representatives signed the letter - including the Philippines,
Myanmar, Thailand and Indonesia - do not have catfish industries to protect and
are not involved in the trans-Pacific trade talks.

But the letter expressed the concern that the inspection program could lead the
Agriculture Department to expand its ability to regulate all seafood exports to
the United States, catfish or not.

''Many of these countries are looking to see what happens to Vietnam on the
catfish issues, and what precedence it might set for other trade deals in the
region,'' said Jeffrey J. Schott, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for
International Economics in Washington and the co-author of a book on the
Trans-Pacific Partnership. The United States and 11 countries on both sides of
the Pacific - as well as Australia, New Zealand and Brunei - are still
negotiating the trade pact, which has been repeatedly delayed over various
disputes.

The Vietnam Association of Seafood Exporters and Producers recently hired James
Bacchus, a former chairman of the World Trade Organization's appeals panel, to
prepare a possible legal challenge to the catfish inspection program.

Mr. Bacchus said in an interview that only governments have standing to bring a
case before the trade organization, but that the export group was working
closely with Vietnamese officials to monitor the catfish inspection program.

''I'm confident that Vietnam would have a case before the W.T.O. if they decided
to bring one,'' said Mr. Bacchus, a former United States House member from
Florida who is now a lawyer with Greenberg Traurig in Washington.

The inspection program was inserted into the 2008 farm bill at the urging of
catfish farmers, who have been hurt by competition from both Vietnam and China
and by the rising cost of catfish feed. The domestic catfish industry has shrunk
by about 60 percent since its peak about a decade ago, and in the past few years
about 20 percent of American catfish farming operations have closed.

The catfish industry and lawmakers led by Senator Thad Cochran, Republican of
Mississippi, fought for the new office, saying it was needed to protect
Americans from eating fish raised in unsanitary conditions or contaminated with
drugs.

The Food and Drug Administration has a similar program, but it inspects less
than 2 percent of food imports, and advocates of the Agriculture Department
program said that was not good enough.

The Agriculture Department has traditionally inspected meat and poultry, while
the F.D.A. has been responsible for all other foods, including seafood.

Agriculture Department inspections are more stringent than those conducted by
the F.D.A. The Agriculture Department requires meat- and poultry-exporting
countries to set up their own inspection programs - an expensive and burdensome
regulation that Vietnam says is unnecessary for catfish.

The Agriculture Department said it had spent $20 million since 2009 to set up
its office, which has a staff of four, although it has yet to inspect a single
catfish.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 27, 2005 Monday

'Big development' over beef;
Canada's ranchers hopeful after U.S. announcement about mad-cow case

BYLINE: KATHERINE HARDING, With a report from Steven Chase

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 631 words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


Canadian ranchers are hopeful that the United States may soon be reopened to
live cattle, but that optimism is tempered by the uncertainty surrounding two
critical court cases being fought next month.

"The frustrating part is that the positive test can't even be admitted as new
evidence," Ted Haney, president of Calgary-based Canada Beef Export Federation,
said yesterday.

"This is a big development," he said about the U.S. government's announcement on
Friday that it appears to have its first homegrown case of mad-cow disease. "I
don't know how it could be ignored."

On July 13, a judge in Seattle will preside over an appeal by the United States
Department of Agriculture of a Montana federal judge's decision in March to
temporarily extend the ban, which was supposed to be lifted later that month, on
Canadian young live cattle. A U.S. protectionist ranching group, R-CALF, won the
injunction after raising concerns about the discovery in Canada of bovine
spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), which is also known as mad-cow disease.

A separate hearing will be held on July 27 in Billings, Mont., about the need
for a permanent Canadian cattle ban.

While the U.S. government's announcement about its positive BSE test has come
too late to be added to court filings for those cases, there is hope that it
could still be raised by the judges.

"[The information] is out there. I don't know how they wouldn't be able to take
it into account," said Stan Eby, president of Canadian Cattlemen's Association.

Alberta's Agriculture Minister Doug Horner also doesn't expect the judges not to
take it into consideration. "I'm sure that this will be raised in the courtroom
at one point or other," he has said.

Federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell declined to comment.

In the meantime, Mr. Horner is optimistic that R-CALF might reconsider its
position because the argument that the United States's mad-cow-disease-free
existence should be fiercely protected has weakened.

However, in a statement issued Friday, R-CALF insisted the border should be
permanently closed to Canadian cattle.

"Just the fact that Canada has had four cases of BSE in native cattle in the
past two years suggests the prevalence rate of the disease is higher in Canada
than in the United States," said group president Leo McDonnell.

The United States - and much of the world - closed its border to Canadian beef
and cattle in May of 2003 after a single case of mad-cow disease was discovered
in an Alberta cow. In December of 2003, a dairy cow in Washington state, with
roots traced to Alberta, also tested positive for the brain-wasting disease, a
discovery that put the brakes on reopening of the border.

Canada's cattle industry, which is heavily dependent on U.S. trade, has lost an
estimated $7-billion since the border was slammed shut.

Many Canadian producers are disappointed that the U.S. Agriculture Department
took so long to determine that they have a BSE case.

Government officials have acknowledged that the cow in question tested positive
for BSE seven months ago, but that it wasn't made public because it was an
"experimental" test. The cow later tested negative, but then positive again when
the investigation into the animal was recently reopened.

"In hindsight, reporting it would have been the thing to do," Ed Loyd, a
government official, told reporters on Friday.

Mr. Eby of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association is happy that the U.S.
government has ordered an investigation into its testing procedures and
protocols.

But he can't help but wonder if the border would already be open if the negative
result had been known earlier.

"It sure leads to a credibility question on their part," he said. "But
unfortunately, we can't go back in time and change things. What's done is done."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          November 7, 2001, Wednesday

US BEEF EXPORTS DROP BY 14%

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 205 words


TOTAL beef exports from the United States during the first eight months of this
year were just over 14 per cent, or 82,000 tonnes, lower than corresponding 2000
levels, at almost 484,000 tonnes.

In spite of an eight per cent decline in the volume of beef exported to Japan,
it remains the largest market for United States beef, accounting for 48 per cent
of total US beef shipments.

In the January to August period, 233,000 tonnes of beef were exported to Japan
by the US.

However, any long-term decline in Japanese beef consumption as a result of BSE
may further impact on US shipments, according to United States Department of
Agriculture statistics.

Similar declines were recorded in the other important US markets, particularly
South Korea, where shipments declined by 40 per cent on year-earlier levels, to
65,000 tonnes.

Exports to Mexico were marginally lower, at 112,000 tonnes, while shipments to
Canada and Russia declined and 15 and 86 per cent respectively.

The only main market to show a significant increase was Taiwan, where exports
more than doubled during the first eight months to more than 17,000 tonnes.

Exports to the European Union decreased, but volumes were extremely low.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
(District of Columbia) applies for US Patent titled as "SORGHUM-DERIVED
TRANSCRIPTION REGULATORY ELEMENTS PREDOMINANTLY ACTIVE IN ROOT HAIR CELLS AND
USES THEREOF"

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160340685 for US Patent, published on November 24, 2016, by
The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
(District of Columbia), titled as "SORGHUM-DERIVED TRANSCRIPTION REGULATORY
ELEMENTS PREDOMINANTLY ACTIVE IN ROOT HAIR CELLS AND USES THEREOF"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Baerson; Scott R.; (Oxford, MS) ; Pan; Zhiqiang; (Oxford, MS) ;
Polashock; James J.; (Hainesport, NJ)

Applicant: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture Washington   DC   US (District of Columbia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Transcription regulatory elements, namely promoter and terminator sequences,
obtained from Sorghum bicolor that drive RNA transcription predominately in root
hair cells are described, as well as cassettes, expression vectors, and
genetically modified plants containing these transcription regulatory elements.
The genetically modified plants can be gymnosperms, dicots, or monocots. Methods
of directing transcription of a heterologous polynucleotide under control of
these transcription regulatory elements in a genetically modified plant's root
hair cells are also provided."


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC) on May 13 titled as "Vaccination of animals to
elicit a protective immune response against tick infestations and tick-borne
pathogen transmission "

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,722,063, on
May 13, 2014, to The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary
of Agriculture (DC), titled as "Vaccination of animals to elicit a protective
immune response against tick infestations and tick-borne pathogen transmission"

Inventors:  Guerrero, Jr.; Felicito (Boerne, TX), Perez de Leon; Adalberto A.
(Wake Forest, NC)

Assignee:  The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)


According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Two
antigenic and immunogenic proteins of the cattle tick, Rhipicephalus microplus,
and the genes encoding these proteins, are effective for eliciting a protective
immune response that controls and prevents infestations of bovines and other
livestock by the tick. The proteins isolated from the cattle tick include an
aquaporin protein and a TC5777 gut membrane protein. Each of the proteins elicit
an immunoprotective response in livestock to the cattle tick, and can be
formulated and administered as vaccines. Alternatively, the isolated DNA
sequences which encode these proteins can be incorporated into nucleic acid
constructs which could be utilized as DNA vaccines. The nucleic acid constructs
can also be used for the transformation of cells and the production of
recombinant proteins. Induction of the protective immune response controls and
prevents infestations of the treated animals with the tick, thereby protecting
them against tick-borne pathogen transmission."

The patent was filed on May 24, 2012 Application no. 13/479,486

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Frontier Post (Pakistan)

                           September 13, 2011 Tuesday

'Pak, Afghan can generate heavy revenue by increasing trade'

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: FAISALABAD


FAISALABAD, Sept. 13 -- Pakistan and Afghanistan can generate heavy volume of
revenue by increasing trade between them in every field including agriculture
and industry.This was stated by the speakers at the second phase of a two-week
International training workshop on 'Capacity Development for Agricultural Trade
in Afghanistan and Pakistan' commenced at New Senate Hall of University of
Agriculture Faisalabad (UAF) here on Monday. The training workshop was organized
by the University of Agriculture Faisalabad in collaboration with United States
Department of Agriculture Foreign Agriculture Service.Instructors from US Dr.
Glyn Bledsoe and Dr. Barbara Rasco imparted training to 38 participants hailing
from all corners of Pakistan and Afghanistan while UAF Vice Chancellor Professor
Dr. Iqrar Khan presided over the inaugural session.

The program was aimed at enhancing the capacity of the people of both countries
in order to boost up trade so that both countries can get benefited from each
other. Addressing the participants, UAF Vice Chancellor Professor Dr. Iqrar said
that the workshop of this kind was to build the capacity of the people that will
bring tangible results in the form of potential workforce contributing to the
prosperity of country. He also called for expediting efforts to increase the
confidence building measure among the traders by polishing skills of
entrepreneurship.He said that trilateral commission comprising United States,
Pakistan and Afghanistan had met twice in Doha and Istanbul in which issues
including food security, trade corridors and water came to light. Pakistan is a
partner in food and trade corridor, he said, adding that our country is also
likely to join the water issue in the trilateral commission. Talking about
citrus, he urged to put special attention on the citrus production as it is
diminishing in our country for the last couple of years. Quoting an example of
Australia, he said that it was getting 35 tons per hectare and now the
production has increased to 45 tons per hectare. Glyn Bledsoe said that the
training will improve opportunities to get international and national trade
through skilled development and increase the quality of consciousness. He said
that such activities are essential for the enhancement of the capacity of
individuals resulting in brining prosperity in both countries.Dr. Barbara Rasco
said that keeping in view the capacity building, she had trained 83 women in
Afghanistan. She said that as the result of the training, it will help flourish
Agri-Businesses in both countries. She said that it was need of the hour to hold
such as seminars, conferences etc. for the economic development.Dr. Muhammad
Rafiq-ur-Rehman Coordinator Supply Chain Project said that the food product must
have been produced on certified farm, processed by certified processor,
transported certified logistics and distributed by certified traders. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Frontier Post. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            August 19, 2005, Friday

US secretary to visit NZ

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 9; FARMING; C

LENGTH: 126 words


The United States secretary of agriculture, Mike Johanns, will begin a three-day
visit to New Zealand on August 21.

Johanns, the equivalent of agriculture minister in the Bush Administration
Cabinet, will be welcomed by New Zealand's Minister of Agriculture, Jim Sutton,
when he arrives in Auckland. Johanns is expected to look at the dairy, meat and
wool sectors, New Zealand's biggest exports to the United States.

He will visit two Waikato farms and Dexcel's robotic milking processes. The US
was New Zealand's largest market for agricultural exports and second- largest
source of agricultural imports last year. Johanns will be the highest-ranking
American official to visit New Zealand since the Apec meeting was held in
Auckland in 1999.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           October 30, 2010 Saturday

US lists outcomes from Washington round of strategic diaolgue with Pakistan

LENGTH: 1686  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON, Oct. 30 -- The United States on Thursday listed a

series of achievements made by working groups during the U.S.-Pakistan Strategic
Dialogue here last week, stating that the high-level meetings signify the two
countries' resolve to forge a braod partnership based

on shared democratic values, mutual trust and interests.

"The U.S.-Pakistan Strategic Dialogue, which met for the third ministerial-level
meeting this year on October 20-22, represents the

shared commitment of the U.S. and Pakistan to strengthening the bilateral
relationship as a broad partnership based on shared democratic values, mutual
respect, trust, and interests," the State Department said.

The Dialogue's thirteen working groups have been meeting regularly

both in Washington and in Pakistan and have mutually agreed upon action plans,
delineating achievable benchmarks, which they are now working to implement, the
Office of Spokesman said.

Ten of the thirteen groups met in Washington as part of the October 20-22
Dialogue. Below is a list of key outcomes from this latest round of meetings.

Agriculture Working Group: Co-chaired by U.S. Department of Agriculture Deputy
Under Secretary Darci Vetter and USAID Deputy

Assistant Administrator Alex Their and Pakistan Minister of Food and Agriculture
Nazar Muhammad Gondal, the group had an open and

constructive discussion on post-flood recovery needs for the agriculture sector.
The Pakistan delegation expressed appreciation for recent

sanitary and phyto-sanitary approvals to allow the export of Pakistani mangos to
the United States.

Both sides renewed their commitment to the Agricultural Investment Strategy and
ongoing agricultural development projects, such as the Rural Dairy Project, the
Mango Export Project, and the agricultural productivity initiatives announced by
Secretary Clinton during her July trip. Tangible progress on implementation of
the Agriculture Strategy was exemplified

with the initiation of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Wheat Productivity
Enhancement Program, Cotton Productivity Enhancement Program and Animal and
Plant Disease Control Programs in collaboration with Pakistani counterparts.

Communications Working Group: Chaired by Department of State Under Secretary
Judith McHale and Pakistan Minister of Information Qamar Zaman Kaira, the sides
agreed to intensify cooperation in the development of Pakistan's public media
sector infrastructure; the preservation of

historic archival materials; in building communications capacity and messaging;
and in developing new communications technologies in the

public interest.

The U.S. offered to provide training opportunities that would

permit Pakistanis and Americans to work together directly, through

125 journalism internships and 80 public administration internships,

some of which will be reserved for officials from information-related

public services. The U.S. agreed to support the development of a major

Government of Pakistan Data Center and a launch of citizen-centric

electronic government services.

The U.S. also agreed to work with the Ministry of Information Technology, the
Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and other

Pakistan government ministries to review and upgrade Pakistan's disaster
management information services.

Defense Working Group: Chaired by Department of Defense Under Secretary Michele
Flournoy and Pakistan Secretary of Defense Athar Ali,

the U.S. and Pakistani participants recounted the Pakistan military's extensive
flood relief operations and the cooperative efforts between Pakistan and the
U.S. to support flood relief, discussed Pakistan's

progress in implementing counterinsurgency operations, reviewed improving
communication between coalition forces in Afghanistan and Pakistan

military forces on the Pakistan/Afghanistan border, assessed progress

made in bilateral defense cooperation, and confirmed that further efforts will
be undertaken at an upcoming Resources Conference.

The engagement followed up on the August Defense Consultative

Group meeting in Islamabad, also chaired by Under Secretary Flournoy and Defense
Secretary Athar Ali, as well as two Exchanges on Defense Planning (EDP) sessions
in June and July. The working group meetings over the past seven months were
crucial to the development of the $2.029 billion Multi-Year Security Assistance
Commitment Secretary Clinton announced at

the plenary session of the Strategic Dialogue.

Economic Cluster Working Group: Chaired by National Security Council (NSC)
Senior Director and Special Assistant to the President David Lipton and Pakistan
Finance Minister Dr. Abdul Hafeez Shaikh, the U.S.

and Pakistani sides reviewed the macroeconomic stabilization program developed
by Pakistan in consultation with the International Financial Institutions. The
working group also discussed Pakistan's plan to provide

damage compensation to flood-affected families, and improving
business-to-business investment ties. Both sides noted the importance and desire
to create an Enterprise Fund.

On market access, the two sides discussed extending enhanced

market access, specifically seeking Congressional approval for the
Reconstruction Opportunity Zone (ROZ) legislation.

The U.S. welcomed the approval of the Afghanistan-Pakistan

Transit Trade Treaty and praised Pakistani efforts to expand regional

trade ties.

Energy Working Group: Chaired by NSC Senior Director and

Special Assistant to the President David Lipton and Pakistan Minister of Water
and Power Pervez Ashraf, the group had extensive discussions on

the status of Pakistan's energy sector in the aftermath of the floods and the
on-going implementation of the projects in the U.S. Signature Energy

Program.

Pakistan highlighted efforts underway to restore the energy sector's full
operational capacity and repair flood damaged

infrastructure. Pakistan also briefed on domestic restructuring plans for the
Pakistan Energy and Power Company (PEPCO) currently underway with anticipated
completion in June 2011. Both sides reiterated support for implementing the
energy reforms outlined in the Friends of Democratic Pakistan (FODP) Energy
Sector Task Force report released October 2010.

Health Working Group: Chaired by USAID Administrator Shah and Pakistan Special
Advisor to the Prime Minister Shahnaz Wazir Ali, both

sides agreed that implementation of the health action plan has been successful,
and indentified four key areas to pursue in greater depth

over the next period: (1) there will be a Federal-Provincial Structure

Planning group formed with technical assistance support from donors and private
sector input; (2) together we will renew focus on health care workforce planning
and training; possibly engage with major donors (U.S., United Kingdom, World
Bank) in this effort; (3) begin coordinating with other bilateral donors to plan
for large scale immunization

campaign (especially childhood diseases); and (4) work towards a

diagnostic evaluation regarding the health care services provided by the
Pakistani Private Sector, especially in regard to incentive schemes.

The three hospital projects that make up the first phase of the Signature Health
Program experienced delays due to the flooding but remain on track to be
completed as follows: Jinnah Post Gradate Medial Complex (June 2011); Jacobabad
Hospital (June 2011); and Lady Wellington Hospital (June 2012).

Law Enforcement and Counterterrorism Working Group: Chaired by

the State Department's Coordinator for Counter-Terrorism Ambassador Daniel
Benjamin and Pakistan Interior Secretary Qamar Zaman Chaudhry, U.S. and
Pakistani participants agreed to the establishment of a Border Management
Working Group to enhance cooperation. Pakistan announced that it planned

to establish a forum on eliminating Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs)

that will hold its first workshop on November 28 in Islamabad.

The U.S. and Pakistan agreed to work together on prosecutorial training planned
for November to develop and/or refine the legal

mechanisms needed to investigate and prosecute terrorist, narcotics and other
serious criminal cases. The two sides also renewed cooperation

between DEA and the Anti-Narcotics Forces (ANF) over the coming year.

Water Working Group: Chaired by Department of State Under Secretary Maria Otero
and Pakistan Water & Power Development Authority Chairman Shakeel Durrani, U.S.
and Pakistani participants reviewed the implementation status of Secretary
Clinton's Signature Water Program for Pakistan. Despite the floods, most of the
initial engineering

and other planning studies and surveys have been completed and building

will begin in six months for most of the projects. Both sides agreed to
integrate the joint work of the Working Group and the Government of

Pakistan on a national water policy and to collaborate closely with the Friends
of Democratic Pakistan (FODP) initiated Water Task Force led by

the Asian Development Bank.

Women's Empowerment Working Group: Chaired by the Department

of State's Ambassador-At-Large for Global Women's Issues Melanne Verveer

and Pakistan Special Advisor to the Prime Minister Shahnaz Wazir Ali,

both sides announced funding commitments and generated new ideas for programs
supporting practical business training and microfinance for

women entrepreneurs, as well as programs aimed to advance women's

political participation and engagement.

The third round of the U.S.-Pakistan Strategic Dialogue included meetings of ten
of the thirteen working groups. The Economics & Finance

and Market Access Working Groups met concurrently during the Economics Cluster
session. The chairs of the Education Working Group also held a separate
bilateral meeting on the margins of the Strategic

Dialogue. The remaining two working groups - the Security, Stability, and

Non-Proliferation Working Group and the Science & Technology Working Group -
have jointly developed action plans to guide their engagement and will meet
again before the next Cabinet-level Strategic Dialogue meeting Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (N/A) on March 18 titled as "Process for removing and
recovering phosphorus from animal waste"

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,673,046, on
March 18, 2014, to The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary
of Agriculture (N/A), titled as "Process for removing and recovering phosphorus
from animal waste"

Inventors:  Szogi; Ariel A. (Florence, SC), Vanotti; Matias B. (Florence, SC),
Hunt; Patrick G. (Florence, SC)

Assignee:  The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)
N/A (

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
process for removing phosphorus from solid poultry or animal wastes involving
(a) mixing solid poultry or animal wastes with water and acid at a pH lower that
about 5.0 and higher than about 3.0 to form (i) a liquid extract that contains
suspended solids of about 3.5 g/L and soluble phosphorus and (ii) a washed solid
residue (having a N:P ratio of at least more than 4 expressed on an elemental
basis), (b) separating the liquid extract from the washed solid residue to form
separated liquid extract and separated washed solid residue, (c) mixing the
separated liquid extract with an alkaline earth base to a pH of about 8.0 to
about 11.0, (d) mixing the liquid extract with a flocculant to form (i)
precipitated phosphorus solids with P.sub.2O.sub.5 content greater than about
10% and (ii) a liquid, and (e) separating the precipitated phosphorus solids
from the liquid to form separated phosphorus solids and separated liquid. The
process is conducted at a temperature greater than about 5.degree. C. and less
than about 50.degree. C. The solid poultry or animal wastes are not pretreated
prior to mixing the solid poultry or animal wastes with water and acid; such
pretreatments include those that may cause the complete or partial loss of
oxidizable organic carbon and nitrogen."

The patent was filed on October 15, 2010 Application no.  12/905,226

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 31, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Saudis Limit Grain Buying

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 135 words

DATELINE: RIYADH, Saudi Arabia, March 30


Saudi Arabia does not plan to import any more American grain this year because
its domestic production has increased, a Government official said today.

Suleiman Abdel Aziz al-Salayim, the Commerce Minister and Acting Agriculture
Minister, talked to reporters after conferring here with the United States
Agriculture Secretary, John R. Block. Mr. Salayim said he had told Mr. Block
that Saudi Arabia did not intend to import additional wheat, barley or sorghum,
a grain used in animal feed, from the United States.

Mr. Block is touring North Africa and the Middle East to promote exports of
American farm products. The United States complains that it has lost sales
abroad because of the Common Market's agricultural subsidies.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 25, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Gene Modified Corn Is Found in Japan

BYLINE: By The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 6; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 166 words

DATELINE: TOKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 25


The Consumers Union of Japan said today that it has found traces of a
controversial genetically modified corn from the United States in snack foods
and animal feed sold here.

The results of the group's tests are likely to kick off a firestorm of protest
here, where opposition to genetically modified foods is strong.

Officials from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and two groups representing
American grain producers are expected in Tokyo tomorrow to try to explain how
the genetically modified corn, called StarLink, surfaced in Japan, according to
one grain importer.

The Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare called an urgent meeting this
morning to determine how it should respond to the consumer group's revelations.
StarLink is not approved for import into Japan, although other genetically
modified foods are allowed.

StarLink, which is manufactured by Aventis, touched off widespread protests and
product recalls in the United States, after it was found in taco shells.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 18, 2017 Saturday

The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
(District of Columbia) applies for US Patent titled as "NITRATE- AND
NITRITE-REDUCING PROBIOTIC FEED ADDITIVE"

LENGTH: 260 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170044632 for US Patent, published on February 16, 2017, by
The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of Agriculture
(District of Columbia), titled as "NITRATE- AND NITRITE-REDUCING PROBIOTIC FEED
ADDITIVE"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Anderson; Robin C.; (College Station, TX) ; LATHAM; ELIZABETH A.;
(BRYAN, TX) ; PINCHAK; WILLIAM E.; (VERNON, TX)

Applicant: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture The Texas A&M University System   Washington College Station   DC TX
US US (District of Columbia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention concerns novel probiotic compositions that increase nitrate-
and nitrite-reduction in animals such as ruminants. The present invention thus
provides compositions and methods for reducing nitrate/nitrite toxicity in such
animals, or prophylactically protecting such animals from the effects of
toxicity, such as methemoglobinemia. A novel strain of an unspeciated bacterial
strain related to Paenibacillus species with nitrate- and nitrite-reducing
capabilities is described. In conjunction with nitrate-supplemented diets, the
probiotics of the present invention can also be utilized to reduce
methanogenesis in livestock. Furthermore, the probiotic compositions of the
present invention can be used to reduce the number and kind of food-borne
pathogens, such as Escherichia coli and Campylobacter jejuni."


LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 22, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Organic farming has registered improvement in Virginia: State Officials

BYLINE: Ruby Ortega

LENGTH: 302  words


Virginia agriculture officials reported that organic farming has increased in
the state. The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services said that
Virginia had 167 organic farms in 2014, which are up from 156 in 2008. Those
farms generated $41.3 million in sales, which is more than double as compared to
the $19.2 million in 2008.

Crop production contributed to 81% of the organic sale, 14% came from livestock
and poultry products, including milk and eggs, and 5% belonged to livestock and
poultry animals.

In 2015, the national organic standards have turned 15, and as the USDA program
is approaching driving age, a new federal survey of the industry, the first
since 2008, has shown a sector, booming in its adolescence.

In 2014, over 14,000 farms sold $5.5 billion in organic products in the United
States, up a full 72% since 2008. Presently, the organic dairy market alone is
worth over $1 billion.

Almost all that production revolved around a group of 10 states, accounting for
78% of sales. The pack was led by California, the country's leading producer of
fruits and vegetables, with $2.2 billion, and on combining with Washington state
and Oregon, which ranked number 2 and 4 respectively, the West Coast has proved
to be the center of organic farming in the United States.

The survey has also suggested that farmers have been finding out the ways of how
they can get more food out of fewer acres. It is a reality that might help
undercut the chief criticism of organic farming that yields are quite low to
make it viable on a large scale.

Business: Business (http://nycity.today/business/business)Agriculture
(http://nycity.today/business/agriculture)Region: United States
(http://nycity.today/location/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           October 17, 1991, Thursday

CHANGE IN EXPORT QUOTA AFFECTS AUSTRALIA

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: SPECIALS, Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 299 words


What happened to shipping lines trading between Australia and the United States
in the past month reveals how competitive the world market can be.

Australia, the world's leading exporter, had its export quota trimmed to the
United States. While the move was not unusual, the quick response from shipping
ines so early in the year was.

Shipping line executives said they would store the meat themselves in bonded
warehouses. What's more, they would pay for the cost themselves.

Industry estimates say it costs about $ 175 a month to store each 20-foot
container of frozen meat. Each container holds 38,000 pounds of beef.

U.S. protectionist policies spurred shippers to absorb all costs so early in the
year.

Australia, the world's leading exporter, had anticipated shipping 360,000 metric
tons of beef and veal to the United States. However, according to a formula
released by the U.S. Department of Agriculture for fourth-quarter shipments,
Australia will be allowed to ship only 337,000 tons, with the result that 23,000
tons will have to be placed in storage.

Meat is the dominant cargo from Australia and New Zealand to the United States.
As sailings are fixed for the remainder of the year, shipping lines would have
been put in the position of sailing almost empty northbound if they had not
decided to pay the meat-storage costs.

The problem of Australian producers closing down was also adverted by the
action. Without the storage, the producers would have had to close up shop.

The constriction of quotas is not an unusual action, say industry executives.
It's happened many times before in the past 30 years. Making it different this
time, they say, is that the meat is going into bonded storage in October.
Usually, it is bonded with ships in December.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Journal of Commerce Special Report: MEAT - Trade & Transportation

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 16, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Wood Products Gain in Exports

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 15


Although the slumping real estate market and a construction decline have slowed
domestic demand for United States forest products, the export market for them is
thriving, the Agriculture Department says.

In five years, the value of United States wood-product exports has more than
doubled, reaching $6.5 billion in 1990, said an article in the October issue of
AgExporter magazine, put out by the department's Foreign Agricultural Service.

The forest industry accounts for 14 percent of all United States agricultural
exports. Japan, the No. 1 market, took 43 percent of the United States wood
products exported in 1990, with their value totaling $2.8 billion.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             November 13, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE WORLD;
U.S. Official Criticizes Soviet on Africa Famine

SECTION: Section A; Page 7, Column 4; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 123 words

DATELINE: ROME, Nov. 12


The United States Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block indirectly criticized
the Soviet Union today for not doing enough to assist the victims of famine.

Mr. Block, speaking at the 23rd Biennial Conference of the United Nations Food
and Agriculture Organization, also said that ''excessive government
intervention'' was aggravating world food problems.

Without naming the Soviet Union, Mr. Block in effect contrasted the American
response to the African famine with that of the Russians.

''Those who criticize us, portraying themselves as champions of the downtrodden,
should take a hard look at their record,'' Mr. Block said.

''How generous have they been in fighting the hunger that afflicts so much of
the developing world?''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 9, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE WORLD;
U.S. Says World Spends Too Much on Arms

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 7, Column 5; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 148 words

DATELINE: ROME, Nov. 8


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said today that the nations of the world
were spending too much money on arms at the expense of food aid to developing
countries.

Mr. Block also announced that the United States will provide $50 million in
direct emergency food aid to 22 drought-stricken African nations, twice the
amount originally planned.

The Secretary is in Rome as chairman of the United Nations Food and Agriculture
Organization's biennial conference.

In an address to the 100 delegates, Mr. Block reaffirmed United States
commitment to international food programs, but added, ''The answer to the
world's food problems does not lie in the United States. We could not single-
handedly feed the world.''

At a news conference after the speech, Mr. Block said, ''In the world today, we
are spending too much money on arms relative to food and assistance of other
kinds.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                     June 13, 2003 Friday National Edition

Our beef is safe

SOURCE: National Post

SECTION: Editorials; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 696 words

It is time the United States Department of Agriculture reopened the U.S. border
to Canadian beef shipments. No scientific or public health reason exists to
continue its ban on our beef. Ottawa and the provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan
and British Columbia have done everything necessary -- and more -- to prove the
one instance of mad cow disease found in Alberta on May 20 was an isolated case.
Government scientists and veterinarians, notably from the Canadian Food
Inspection Agency and Alberta Agriculture, have quarantined 18 farms in the
West, isolated small numbers of cattle on 25 more and slaughtered and tested
2,700 cattle in the past month. No other animal has been found with bovine
spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) -- not one. All the cattle on every farm on
which the lone infected animal lived during its eight years, all of its
offspring and every cow, bull or steer on every farm where feed for pigs and
chickens made from its infected carcass may have been shipped have been killed
in the name of insuring Canada's beef cattle herd is BSE-free. Ulrich Kihm, the
Swiss veterinarian who headed up a panel of international BSE experts sent to
Canada to evaluate this country's reaction to the "outbreak," said Monday: "I
have never seen such a comprehensive investigation done in such a short time."

Canada and its beef producers have passed the test, in other words. It is time
our trading partners -- especially the United States, with whom we have a free
trade agreement -- resumed their imports of our beef.

Of course, short of slaughtering every cow in Canada, it is impossible to
definitively prove that this country (or any other nation for that matter) is
BSE-free. And so it is theoretically possible there are one or two other
Canadian cows with the disease. But let's put the associated risk in
perspective: It is extremely difficult for humans to contract the human variant
of BSE -- even if they eat large amounts of infected beef. The deformed proteins
-- prions -- that cause BSE, collect mostly in the brain, nerve tissue and
retinas of diseased cattle. Canadians eat few of these by-products of the
slaughtering process.

Even in Britain, where their sausage, organ-meat pies and even their hamburger
contained brain and spinal stem until that practice was banned more than a
decade ago, just 135 of 60 million people have developed variant
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD). For at least nine years, and likely longer,
upwards of 10,000 mad cows a year were ground up into food for humans. Millions
of Britons ate meat from perhaps 60,000 infected cattle before anyone even knew
those cattle were dangerous, and still, just 135 people there are sick. Late
last month, an independent, peer-reviewed British biomedical journal estimated
that no more than 540 Britons will ever develop vCJD as a result of having eaten
contaminated beef in the 1980s, and likely fewer than that. Even taking the
worst-case estimate, it evidently takes about 100 substantially harvested
BSE-infected cows to produce a single human death.

Yet here in Canada, not one diseased cow's carcass is known to have made its way
into the human food chain. The safeguards designed to protect our food supply
and beef exports have worked. A half-dozen or more Canadians die each from food
poisoning obtained from improperly washed fruits and vegetables. Thus: Even if
it were the case that a single BSE-infected cow somehow made it through our
safety net every year -- highly unlikely, but let us consider the scenario for
argument's sake -- the risk of death from fresh produce would still be 500 times
greater than the BSE-associated threat posed by beef.

It appears increasingly likely Alberta's sole infected cow had a spontaneous
case of BSE, and did not eat diseased feed made from animal protein. Given that
BSE cannot be passed from cow to cow by physical contact, the fact that no other
animals it shared farms or feed with has developed the disease is a clear signal
Canadian beef is trustworthy. The Americans, who have had their own scientists
here witnessing first-hand the numerous hoops we have jumped, can feel safe to
take our beef again -- now.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Editorial

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 10, 1990, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Give Soviets credit on grain, U.S. is urged

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


U.S. farming organizations are intensifying pressure on the U.S. government to
grant credits for Soviet grain purchases following reports that Canada has given
Moscow credits on the sale of five million metric tons of wheat and barley.

In a letter to President George Bush, 16 major farm groups warned that ''the
Soviets will not purchase signficant amounts of U.S. grain and other
agricultural products except on credit terms, which the U.S. government
currently is unwilling to grant.''

The Canadian Wheat Board has refused to confirm reports of a major sale and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture has been unable to get confirmation. But traders
in the U.S. report that Moscow last week bought four million metric tons of
Canadian wheat, including feed wheat and Durum, and a million tons of barley.

One U.S. Agriculture official said a team of Soviet agricultural officials
recently visited Washington and then went on to Winnipeg and Ottawa for ''a
courtesy call.'' According to the farm groups, the Soviet officials who visited
Washington threatened to halt purchases unless credit is granted.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            February 11, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Wartman remains optimistic

BYLINE: Angela Hall, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 494  words


Despite opposition from some of Saskatchewan's closest U.S. neighbours,
Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman says he's optimistic that some cattle trade is
poised to resume.

"We did expect some significant opposition," said Wartman from Washington, where
Canadian agriculture ministers met with congressional and Senate representatives
to make Canada's case for a border reopening.

"Certainly some states have clearly indicated that they do not want to see this
rule go forward at this time for a variety of reasons," said Wartman, who
attributed part of the opposition to "political wrangling" between parties.

But Wartman said the primary message was that the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) plans to move forward with the rule to resume trade in live
cattle under 30 months this March.

Although beef products from older cattle are no longer included in the proposal,
Wartman called it a "hopeful sign" that U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns
indicated cattle over 30 months of age and beef products from older cattle will
both be considered next.

However, a bipartisan group of senators also introduced a resolution later
Thursday to shut the door on the plan to resume cattle trade, citing "Canada's
failure to enforce measures to control mad cow disease."

Wartman, who spoke to reporters before the resolution was introduced, said he
and other Canadian officials had an opportunity to address "a number of myths, a
number of fears, that were not well founded," including the concern that cattle
will flood the U.S. market when the border opens.

"The changes in our industry, the (slaughter capacity) expansion that has
happened in Canada, all go to working against there just being a big wall of
cattle that will move forward."

Wartman said some state representatives raised concerns about foreign markets
for U.S. beef that are still closed due to the mad cow case in Washington state
in late 2003. Some want to get those markets reopened before beef trade with
Canada resumes.

"What we explained, as fully as we were able from the information that was
available to us, is that most of those markets are saying they will treat the
United States like the United States treats Canada."

Wartman said U.S. legislators don't seem "overly concerned" about R-CALF USA, an
activist group that has asked a federal judge in Montana to block Canadian
cattle from coming into the U.S.

"No one can control the courts. The judge will look at the issue and will
decide. We have heard that if it is decided against the border opening, if the
injunction holds, then the USDA would appeal right away."

Even if live cattle move south next month, Wartman said the province still
supports having more Canadian capacity to process beef. A provincially funded
feasibility study on how Saskatchewan groups can get into the beef processing
business will soon be complete, he said.

"We are also working on a plan that will address the issue of expansion of the
processing industry."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Roy Antal, The Leader-Post; A large number of cattle were brought to
Regina in anticipation of a sale being held at Heartland Livestock on Thursday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          December 13, 2003, Saturday

DUTCH OFFICIAL MAKES 'OPEN MARKETS' CALL

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 139 words


A TOP official of the Dutch government has called on European countries to open
their markets to American agricultural products derived from biotechnology,
according to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).

"The US rightly complains about trade barriers," said Laurens-Jan Brinkhorst,
Minister of Economic Affairs of the Netherlands.

The statement was contained in a report from the US agricultural attach in The
Hague and posted on USDA's website.

Since 1998 the European Union has placed a moratorium on approvals of imports of
new agricultural biotechnology products. The United States has said the ban
violates World Trade Organization (WTO) rules.

Mr Brinkhorst said the Netherlands and other European countries have reacted
"far too fearfully" to opportunities presented by biotechnology.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Financial Post

                      March 3, 1998 Tuesday DAILY EDITIONS

U.S. fears backsliding on farm trade

BYLINE: Bloomberg

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said yesterday he'll continue to push
for changes at the Canadian Wheat Board, and expressed concern that
international support for trade liberalization in agriculture may be dwindling.

Five agriculture ministers from key exporting and importing regions - Canada,
the U.S., the European Union, Australia, and Japan - meet Saturday in Paris to
discuss the agenda for the next round of World Trade Organization talks to begin
in 1999.

'Our agenda is to continue the push toward elimination of subsidies, and tariff
barriers and non-tariff barriers,' Glickman said after a speech to agriculture
officials from U.S. states. 'My concern is backsliding.'

He said he'll press for greater market access, major cuts in tariffs and export
subsidies, and more transparency in operations such as the CWB, which the U.S.
claims competes unfairly with U.S. exporters.

The meeting is hosted by EU farm commissioner Franz Fischler, who is struggling
to push his own set of agricultural reforms by reducing EU crop subsidies to
farmers. The five farm ministers last met on WTO issues almost eight years ago.

In the Uruguay Round of global trade talks, governments agreed to reduce farm
subsidies for six years. Those commitments end in 2000, leaving a gap before any
new trade agreements take effect as a result of the 1999 talks, likely to last
well beyond 2000.

That could leave a long period when countries won't have to make further
reforms, or could impose new restrictions.

LOAD-DATE: March 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Financial Post Ltd.


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 24, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.N. Official Plans to Urge U.S. to Reconsider Its Food Policies

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 23


Jacques Diouf, the director of the United Nations Food and Agriculture
Organization, dedicated to helping solve the world's hunger problems, knows he
has a hard sell on Capitol Hill.

Mr. Diouf is here on a visit from his Rome headquarters, trying to keep alive
the issues that stalled trade talks in Cancun, Mexico, last week. Like many at
the talks, he wants Congress and the administration to reconsider the nation's
annual $22 billion in farm subsidies, which make it hard for farmers in poorer
countries to compete.

But he also wants to make a separate, difficult point: that the United States'
generosity with food aid sometimes undermines countries' abilities to feed
themselves.

The United States provides 41 percent of the food aid distributed by the United
Nations. But in an interview at his agency's Washington offices, Mr. Diouf said
hunger could be better fought if money were spent to help poor farmers dig wells
and canals for irrigation and lay better roads to bring crops to market.

"Giving money to farmers before a crisis is better than giving food after the
crisis hits," he said.

In the last 15 years, as rich countries increased their subsidies to their
farmers and slashed aid to the world's poorest farmers, poor countries have gone
from net exporters of food to net importers. With 70 percent of poor countries'
populations dependent on agriculture for their livelihoods, the change has
helped fuel a rise in malnutrition. In places like sub-Saharan Africa, one out
of three people suffer chronic hunger.

Mr. Diouf will meet with officials including Senator Richard G. Lugar,
Republican of Indiana, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee; Andrew S.
Natsios, administrator of the United States Agency for International
Development; and Ann M. Veneman, secretary of agriculture.

But there is no immediate legislation before Congress, and both Republican and
Democratic politicians are publicly rejecting much of the criticism leveled at
the United States by the developing nations at Cancun. With the 2004 election on
their minds, many lawmakers said they were disinclined to question the
subsidies.

Mr. Diouf, an agricultural economist, said he would remind the lawmakers of the
cold war era, when presidents like Ronald Reagan spent as much as $1.3 billion
every year to help farmers around the world. Today, the United States gives some
$400 million to that effort.

But the resistance to his various messages may be high. At a Congressional
hearing today, Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana, said he saw a bigger
problem in tariffs imposed on imports by some poor countries, which make the
exports of other poor countries less affordable.

"The vast bulk of market access barriers faced by farmers in developing
countries are imposed by other developing countries," he said.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Stillwater Journal

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 23, 2009

McMullen sworn-in as state director

BYLINE: Stillwater Journal staff

LENGTH: 415  words


State Representative Ryan McMullen took the Oath of Office Wednesday morning for
his role leading the Obama Administration's rural development efforts in
Oklahoma. Late last month McMul-len's appointment was announced by United States
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

"Ryan McMullen will be an important advocate on behalf of rural communities
throughout the state and help administer the valuable programs and services
provided by the USDA that can enhance their economic success," said Secretary
Vilsack.

McMullen's service as State Director of USDA Rural Development makes him the
nation's youngest appointee to such a post within the United States Department
of Agriculture.

He spent the previous five years representing a region of rural southwest and
central Oklahoma in the State Legislature. This area includes the four counties
of Washita, Kiowa, Caddo, and Canadian. It is one of the top agricultural
production regions in the state.

"I've been blessed with a very rewarding position of leadership for the past
five years," said McMullen. "While I'll always look at this legislative work
with pride, I believe leading our rural development efforts will make an even
larger contribution."

McMullen takes the reigns of the three agencies that comprise USDA Rural
Development: Rural Housing Service, Rural Business Service and Rural Utility
Service. Combined these agencies administer over 50 programs that offer a
variety of direct loans, guaranteed loans, and grants to rural communities,
businesses and residents. USDA Rural Development maintains a nationwide
portfolio of $114 billion.

"Rural Oklahoma faces a great many challenges. We're here to partner with those
rural communities, businesses and residents to create opportunities out of those
challenges," McMullen told his staff and the small crowd that gathered for the
Wednesday morning ceremony at the USDA Rural Development State Office in
Stillwater.

Prior to beginning his federal service, Representative McMullen submitted a
letter of resignation to Governor Brad Henry. The letter expressed McMullen's
interest in continuing to work with the Governor on issues facing Rural Oklahoma
and became effective Wednesday at 8:00 a.m.

"My relationships and experience in the State Legislature will be invaluable as
I begin my leadership at Rural Development," said McMullen. "We'll be creating
and maintaining many partnerships as we press forward with our mission of
securing and improving the quality of life for rural Oklahomans."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWJ

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Stillwater Journal


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of The United States of America, as
represented by the Secretary of Agriculture titled as "METHODS OF REDUCING
SALMONELLA IN POULTRY"

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150037277, published on February 05, 2015, by The United States of America, as
represented by the Secretary of Agriculture, titled as "METHODS OF REDUCING
SALMONELLA IN POULTRY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   COOK; MARK ERIC; (MADISON, WI) ; SAND; JORDAN MARSHALL; (MADISON,
WI) ; KOGUT; MIKE H.; (COLLEGE STATION, TX) ; SWAGGERTY; CHRISTINA L.; (COLLEGE
STATION, TX)

Assignee: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture
Washington
DC
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are methods of reducing Salmonella in the intestines of
poultry in need thereof by administering to a poultry bird an effective amount
of an interleukin-10 peptide or an isolated antibody that specifically binds an
interleukin-10 peptide. Administering may be performed within 1 to 4 weeks of
harvest of the poultry in order to reduce Salmonella transmission to human
consumers. Also included herein are finishing feeds that include an
interleukin-10 peptide or an isolated antibody that specifically binds an
interleukin-10 peptide."

The Patent was filed on August 2, 2013 under application No. 20150037277

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of The United States of America, as
represented by the Secretary of Agriculture titled as "METHODS OF REDUCING
SALMONELLA IN POULTRY"

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150037277, published on February 05, 2015, by The United States of America, as
represented by the Secretary of Agriculture, titled as "METHODS OF REDUCING
SALMONELLA IN POULTRY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   COOK; MARK ERIC; (MADISON, WI) ; SAND; JORDAN MARSHALL; (MADISON,
WI) ; KOGUT; MIKE H.; (COLLEGE STATION, TX) ; SWAGGERTY; CHRISTINA L.; (COLLEGE
STATION, TX)

Assignee: The United States of America, as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture
Washington
DC
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are methods of reducing Salmonella in the intestines of
poultry in need thereof by administering to a poultry bird an effective amount
of an interleukin-10 peptide or an isolated antibody that specifically binds an
interleukin-10 peptide. Administering may be performed within 1 to 4 weeks of
harvest of the poultry in order to reduce Salmonella transmission to human
consumers. Also included herein are finishing feeds that include an
interleukin-10 peptide or an isolated antibody that specifically binds an
interleukin-10 peptide."

The Patent was filed on August 2, 2013 under application No. 20150037277

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         January 7, 1993, Thursday, AM

Proposed deal hailed as end to Canada-U.S. puppy wars

BYLINE: (Special)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 323 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (Special) - The federal government appears to have put a leash on a
simmering trade war with the United States over puppies.

Canada announced last June it planned to drastically curb canine imports from
the United States in response to public concerns about the health of many of the
dogs.

To keep out sick and damaged puppies, the government wanted to force Canadian
pet stores to buy directly from Grade A U.S. kennels, and not from distributors
or mass-production puppy mills.

The United States vowed to retaliate against the proposal, saying it violates
the free-trade agreement and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

But officials from Agriculture Canada, along with Canadian and U.S. puppy
distributors, retailers and animal rights groups, met in Ottawa on Tuesday and
again yesterday to devise a plan to end the canine war.

The proposal would place restrictions on puppy imports, including:

* The puppies would need permanent identification markers, including a tattoo or
an implanted micro-chip. Agriculture Canada could then determine the dog's
original U.S. kennel in case of disease or illness.

* U.S. distributors who ship to Canada would be allowed to buy only from Grade A
kennels, as determined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. And dogs shipped
to Canada would have to be confined with other dogs destined for Canada.

Brian Peart, an official in Agriculture Canada's animal health division, said
the compromise must still be approved by the groups represented at the meetings
in Ottawa. It must then be passed by a committee of the federal cabinet.

Canadian pet retailers import about 20,000 American puppies each year, valued at
about $5 million.

In a well-publicized case in August, 1991, 24 American-bred puppies were seized
by the Ontario Humane Society at a dog auction in Cornwall. Five of the animals
were so ill they had to be destroyed.

SOUTHAM NEWS

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Business and Financial Times (Ghana)

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Launch of Seed Inspection Unit to improve agricultural productivity

LENGTH: 652  words


Source: Kizito Cudjoe | B&FT Online | Ghana

The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the Ministry
of Food and Agriculture (MOFA) has opened a newly constructed seed inspection
laboratory in Tamale, as part of efforts to bring transformation to the
agriculture sector.

The USAID-constructed Ghana Seed Inspection Unit (GSIU) aims to provide
smallholder farmers in Northern Ghana with quality seed at affordable costs.

The United States Ambassador, Robert F. Jackson, inaugurated the facility on
behalf of the U.S. government.

GSIU is a unit of the Plant Protection and Regulatory Services Directorate of
MOFA, and its purpose is to increase the quantity and quality of high-yielding
seeds available to rural farmers.

The GSIU, located in Tamale, is one of three seed inspection laboratories
constructed by USAID in partnership with MOFA. The laboratories will improve
agricultural productivity by increasing access to improved seeds.

"The labs will help make certified seeds more available, so that even farmers in
the most remote areas are able to use seeds that bring more bountiful harvests,"
remarked United States Ambassador Robert. P. Jackson.

"It is up to the Ghana Seed Inspection Unit of the Ministry of Food and
Agriculture to ensure seeds sold to farmers are true-to-type and high quality.
It is important that we all collaborate to ensure Ghana's seed sector thrives."

The new seed laboratory was constructed through USAID's Agriculture Technology
Transfer project, which is part of Feed the Future.

Feed the Future is the U.S. government's global hunger and food security
initiative, which works to reduce poverty and enhance the nutritional status of
rural populations, particularly women and children.

The Minister of Food and Agriculture, Alhaji Mohammed Muniru Limuna, and the
Northern Regional Director of MOFA, William Boakye-Acheampong, were also in
attendance.

In a related development, USAID signed an agreement with the Northern Network
for Education Development (NNED), headquartered in Tamale, to promote greater
accountability in a number of schools in the north.

Ambassador Jackson and the NNED Executive Committee Chair, Rosemond Kumah,
signed the cooperative agreement for the 18-month US$648,000 USAID activity that
will be implemented by NNED.

Through the activity, USAID will support NNED's continuing efforts to promote
greater accountability -- focusing on 200 schools in 25 districts of northern
Ghana.

NNED is a Ghanaian non-governmental organisation that works to increase the
quality of and access to education in northern Ghana through advocacy, resource
mobilisation, and harmonisation of stakeholder efforts.

NNED will draw on its large networks of educational stakeholders to facilitate
greater involvement by civil society organisations and community members in the
management of educational resources, and to provide support and promote further
accountability of 250 Ghana Education Service district managers in northern
Ghana.

Ambassador Jackson noted that NNED is a critical partner for us in our efforts
here in the north.

"With NNED's extensive networks and considerable experience working to improve
education here in northern Ghana, I am confident we will make great gains in
ensuring every child in even the most remote villages receives the education
they deserve," he stated.

The goal of USAID/Ghana's education programme is to ensure that children are
given the foundational skills to read with understanding in the early grades of
primary school.

"USAID's activities in Ghana improve the quality of reading instruction,
strengthen the management of educational institutions, improve accountability
and transparency between parents, schools and local government, and help
communities contribute to student and teacher performance."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/630/1800/64/145994648521.jpg

Launch of Seed Inspection Unit to improve agricultural productivity

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1800


                  Copyright 2016 Business and Financial Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     April 18, 1997, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S., Ottawa clash over cap on wheat exports

BYLINE: Peter Morton Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The U.S. government is insisting that Ottawa has pledged to cap wheat exports to
the U.S. this year, something Ottawa is vehemently denying.

Several top congressmen and a senior U.S. administration official said yesterday
they were told Ottawa will voluntarily limit exports to between 1.4 million and
1.5 million tonnes.

''We understand they (Canada) have given indications to us they would try not to
exceed this amount,'' said August Schumacher, head of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's foreign agricultural service.

Canadian grain shipments would have to stop almost immediately since total
exports to the U.S. have hit 1.4 million tonnes since last August, the beginning
of the 1996-97 grain year.

Wheat exports to the U.S. have jumped 93% to 793,100 tonnes, while durum has
soared 122% to 179,500 tonnes. Barley is up 12% to 427.500 tonnes.

Schumacher and Representative Bob Smith, chairman of the House agriculture
committee, said they met this week with senior Canadian agriculture officials
who told them Ottawa was planning to shut off grain shipments.

''I understood as well from them that they would indeed voluntarily try to
restrain wheat sales to the United States under 1.5 (million tonnes),'' said
Smith.

He said American grain farmers are worried Canadian wheat and barley will soon
be flooding south because of the difficulty in shipping grain through Vancouver
this winter.

Representative Bill Barrett, who chairs a subcommittee on agriculture, also
said, ''Canada stated it was willing to stay broadly in line with'' a 1994 cap
on exports.

But Frank Claydon, the assistant deputy minister who met Schumacher and Smith
this week in Washington, strongly denied promising that Canada would cap wheat
exports. ''There's no way Canada would accept a limit or cap on exports. We did
not make any kind of commitment, even with body language.''

Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale also denied a cap is looming. ''There is no
cap. There is no limit. There is no agreement and there is no inclination on the
part of Canada to move in that direction,'' he told Parliament.

Claydon said the U.S. may be misinterpreting statements he made that Canadian
grain exports may not exceed 1.5 million tonnes by next August, but that was
only based on current market conditions.

''That was just a forecast,'' he said, adding he is ''really shocked'' the U.S.
believes Ottawa is ready to impose a voluntary cap.

The U.S. wants Ottawa to re-instate a self-imposed limit on wheat exports after
complaints from U.S. farmers in 1994 that unfairly priced Canadian wheat and
grain was being dumped in the U.S. The two sides plan to meet again April 25.

''The United States will not sit idly by and permit another surge in imports,
such as that which occurred in 1994,'' said Schumacher. ''The United States is
not going to be the dumping ground for Canada's large grain supplies.''

That sentiment was repeated by major U.S. farm groups which complained to the
committee that Canada is unfairly protecting its agriculture industry from
foreign competition while the Canadian Wheat Board is dumping low-priced grain
around the world.

''We have allowed a government-supported monopoly from the north to utilize its
access to the open market system operating in the U.S. to practice
discriminatory and predatory pricing in global markets,'' said Craig Corbert,
president of the National Barley Growers Association.

The farm groups also complained about Ottawa's tariffs of more than 300% on
imported dairy and poultry products.

''Canada may be living up to the letter of the NAFTA agreement but not the full
spirit of more open markets,'' said Dean Kleckner of the American Farm Bureau
Federation.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: RALPH GOODALE: 'There is no cap. There is no limit.' (Photo ran
in National edition, pg. 3.)

TYPE: Column

                       Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Northern Miner (Australia)

                              May 27, 2011 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Inspiring advocates

BYLINE: Carenda Jenkin

SECTION: RURAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 370 words


THEY are the force from the United States who inspire graziers to speak out and
win over consumers.

South Dakota husband and wife duo Troy and Stacy Hadrick have been booked for a
gig in Charters Towers in their worldwide bid to inspire future Aussie
agriculture advocates.

The Hadricks, who have been married for 12 years, run Advocates for Agriculture
and they hope that name catches on to producers across North Queensland.

They are expected to speak at a workshop, hosted by AgForce and the Meat and
Livestock Australia, in Charters Towers on Thursday, June 30.

Ms Hadrick said it will be the couple's first trip to Australia.

``We are looking forward to seeing your area, meeting the people and seeing the
livestock. We are very excited about getting to see some ranches,'' Ms Hadrick
said.

``We both grew up on ranches in South Dakota and love working with livestock.

``Our passion really shines in helping people understand where there food comes
from.

``There is real disconnect in consumers and producers and it's important we help
people to connect with agriculture, so that we can continue to be in agriculture
.''

Ms Hadrick said she saw many similarities between Australian and the United
States when it comes to agriculture.

``We have experienced up and downs in the livestock industries but we also have
the same experiences with consumers not understanding where their food comes
from,'' she said.

Ms Hadrick said she and Troy will be sharing their experiences of how they have
been advocating for agriculture in the United States in Charters Towers.

``. . . and encouraging producers in your country to do the same,'' she said.

``We also will talk about our use of social media in advocating for agriculture
.''

Last year the couple posted a 54-second video on YouTube slamming Australian
wine label Yellow Tail for donating $100,000 to the US Humane Society the
wealthiest animal rights organisation in the world.

Mr Hadrick said the organisation was ``actively trying to put farmers and
ranchers out of business''.

Yellow Tail rescinded and redirected its pledge to the organisation following a
massive public backlash in the States.

The Hadricks will also visit Cloncurry during their Australian tour, starting
next month.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: MIN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 19, 1988 Friday

Serving a big market

BYLINE: Roy Cusitar; GAM

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


There is a perception among the Canadian public that the agricultural
community is generally not in favor of a bilateral trade agreement with
the United States. This is unfortunate.

Canadian agriculture is an industry comprising several sectors and
commodities. It therefore depends heavily on trade, and particularly trade
with the United States.

With the removal of non-tariff barriers and gradual reduction of all
tariffs, the red meat (beef cattle, hogs, pork, and sheep), oilseed and
grain sectors will have improved access to the United States. The impact
for processed agricultural goods will also be positive. Although the grain
sector is not directly affected by the deal, stronger livestock and
processing industries will mean an increased domestic market for grain.

There are sectors of agriculture that work within the parameters of
marketing boards and quota systems. Those commodities were basically left
untouched by the agreement and will maintain their status quo.

For those of us producing commodities under a free-market system, the
Canadian-U.S. free-trade agreement is a welcome opportunity to continue to
develop and serve one of the largest, most lucrative markets in the world.
That market is the United States.
  Roy Cusitar
 Canadian Agricultural Policy
 Alliance
  Winnipeg

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 16, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. WHEAT HELP FAILS TO SPEED SOVIET BUYING

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 37, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 15


Two weeks after President Reagan authorized the sale of subsidized wheat to the
Soviet Union, Moscow has not yet purchased a single bushel of grain from
American traders, the Department of Agriculture said today.

Traders had hoped for quicker results.

Administration officials said today that they expected the Soviet Union to take
weeks to decide whether to complete a deal. The sale was a way the White House
answered critics who said the Administration was ignoring farmers, even though
President Reagan would prefer not to sell subsidized wheat to the Russians.

Lawmakers and grain traders said the Administration might need to further lower
the price of American grain, thereby increasing the amount of the subsidy, in
order to complete the sale of 3.85 million metric tons of hard red winter wheat,
the type the Soviet Union is seeking to purchase.

Poll Called Inconclusive

In another development, the Agriculture Department announced that a majority of
wheat farmers responding to a poll taken in July would prefer to scrap the
voluntary system for controlling the production of grain and replace it with a
program that would require mandatory controls. The Administration said the
results of the poll, which was authorized in the 1985 farm law, were
inconclusive since only 22 percent of the almost 1.6 million ballots mailed by
the Agriculture Department were returned.

Several farm state lawmakers said the results were proof that growers did not
support the Administration's farm policy, and were seeking program changes.
Administration officials said they were not surprised by the referendum, and not
alarmed by the failure of the Soviet Union, so far, to make a grain purchase.

Trade experts, however, said the Administration might need to further lower the
price of American wheat.

''I think it's going to take a subsidy of $20 a ton for the Soviet Union to come
in and purchase from the United States,'' said Richard Fritz, an analyst at
United States Wheat Associates, an international market development group in
Washington.

In Brussels, meanwhile, the European Community said today that it was making
950,000 tons of surplus grain available for export, starting next month.
Officials there said the Soviet Union would be a likely buyer. The grain sales
are expected to be subsidized, the officials added. Earlier this month, the
12-nation trade bloc had threatened to subsidize exports of grain in reaction to
the wheat move by the United States.

Hard red winter wheat, which is grown in Kansas and other plains states and used
for baking bread, is priced at roughly $105 a metric ton in New Orleans, an
export port. The world price for European, Canadian and Australian wheat that is
comparable to United States hard winter wheat is selling for $80 to $85 a ton.

Deadline Is Sept. 30

The Agriculture Department, on Aug. 1, offered to sell the Soviet Union 3.85
million metric tons of wheat for roughly $92 a metric ton, to fulfill terms of a
grain trade agreement the two countries signed in July 1983. Under the
agreement, the Soviet Union has until Sept. 30 to make the purchase but cannot
be penalized for failing to buy United States wheat.

''The Soviet Union is waiting to see what we do and playing one supplier off the
other to make sure they get the best possible price,'' Mr. Fritz said.

The Administration offered the Soviet Union the subsidy under a new export
program that was part of the farm law Mr. Reagan signed last December. Under the
program the United States offered foreign buyers wheat at world market prices,
and then had to pay traders the difference between the world market price and
the higher United States price. The difference is paid in grain from
Government-held surpluses.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                  September 16, 1993, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. MAY TARGET CANADIAN WHEAT: Kantor considers limit on imports

BYLINE: Kelly McParland

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The U.S. Agriculture Department may invoke a law that allows Washington to limit
imports of Canadian grain or impose duties of up to 50%.

U.S. Trade Representative Mickey Kantor said yesterday that he and Agriculture
Secretary Mike Espy have discussed using Section 22 of the U.S. Agricultural
Adjustment Act against Canada to limit the flow of Canadian wheat.

Section 22 allows Espy to take action against imports that ''materially
interfere'' with a U.S. farm program. The department has been under pressure to
use the section by legislators from grain-producing states, who claim the rapid
rise in imports of Canadian wheat is due to unfair subsidies.

Under normal conditions, the section requires an investigation by the
International Trade Commission. But in an emergency situation, Espy can advise
the president to invoke the section without an inquiry.

Testifying before a Senate hearing into the North American free trade agreement,
Kantor said the administration hasn't finalized its plans but wants to ''move
very quickly'' on the wheat question.

''We're doing everything possible that has been suggested to us'' by legislators
from grain-producing states, he said.

In addition to Section 22, the administration may require Canadian wheat
exporters to provide end-use certificates, ensuring Canadian wheat could not
find its way into U.S. export programs, Kantor said.

Kantor's comment came after three members of the powerful Senate finance
committee attacked Canadian grain shipments.

''We see an absolute floodtide of Canadian grain coming across the border,
truckload after truckload, hour after hour,'' said North Dakota's Kent Conrad.
''Unless our neighbors to the north understand that we are very serious with
regard to these matters, nothing is going to happen.''

Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, chairman of the committee, called for a meeting
of senators from grain states to discuss Canadian imports.

Montana's Max Baucus wrote Espy last week urging the use of Section 22. He said
yesterday it could be crucial to the fate of NAFTA.

''I firmly believe there are six or seven senators who will change from
opposition to NAFTA to support for NAFTA'' if the problem is solved, Baucus
said.

Although allowed by the Canada-U.S. Free Trade Agreement, grain subsidies cost
Washington US$600 million over four years in extra farm program expenses, Baucus
said.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: CORRECTION

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    February 23, 1985, Saturday, ALL EDITION

Farmers beware: deregulation fever on rampage in U.S.

BYLINE: Fred Harrison

SECTION: SECTION 1; Pg. 4, WASHINGTON WEEKLY REPORT

LENGTH: 167 words


  IT'S A CASE of ''heads up'' in the agricultural sector as U.S. farmers
struggle with US$-related export problems and deregulatory fervor in Washington.
Foreign producers may be made the scapegoat.


Note, for instance, Agriculture Secretary John Block's recently published views
on foreign trade policies:

''Besides changes in our farm programs, the administration also is pushing tough
new trade legislation that will put our competitors on notice that we are not
going to tolerate unfair trade practices any longer,'' Block says. ''If American
farmers are asked to rely on market-oriented agriculture, we are going to insist
that we get fair treatment in international trade. If our rivals persist, the
U.S. government will be obligated to retaliate in some way.''

What way? Block talks of closing ''down the door on something that they're
shipping in here'' - a barely-veiled threat of new import quotas, already being
employed in certain sectors, including sugar.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1985 Financial Post Ltd.


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday

FTA talks in agriculture building up in sensitivity level

BYLINE: Yoo Soh-jung

LENGTH: 673 words


Korea is gearing up for an intense round of agriculture talks poised to pick up
pace in the fifth round of talks in December over a free trade agreement with
the United States, the government said yesterday.

Korea's Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry in its progress report on FTA talks
stated that both sides completed the preliminary exchange of opinions on all
farm produce categories during the fourth round of FTA talks last week, paving
the way for negotiators to get to the "meat" of agriculture talks in the next
round.

"We've been able to narrow our differences significantly in the less sensitive
categories, but we now face the task of working out issues concerning the
sensitive categories in the next round," the Agriculture Ministry said in a
statement. Seoul negotiators expect their U.S. counterparts to demand for more
concessions.

Delegates from Seoul and Washington gathered on Korea's resort island of Jeju
last Monday for five days of talks, which ended with Korea facing the pressure
of balancing its agriculture tariff offers with those proposed by the United
States.

Assistant Trade Representative Wendy Cutler, head of the U.S. negotiating team,
during a news briefing on the talks last week, said Korea's tariff concessions
"do not meet U.S. expectations."

She stressed that Korea's agriculture offer "pales in comparison" to the
improved U.S. tariff concessions on textiles valued at $1.35 billion and
industrial goods representing $1.5 billion.

Cutler said Washington expects to "achieve more balance," underlining that
Seoul's agriculture offer only represented 138 tariff areas valued merely at $88
million in trade.

According to the Agriculture Ministry, Korea proposed expanding the number of
agriculture categories subject to liberalization to about 280. This includes
eliminating tariffs for an additional 50 categories and granting about 230
categories tariff reductions throughout a phase-out period over five, 10 or 15
years.

Commerce Minister Chung Sye-kyun, in an interview with KBS Radio yesterday,
criticized that U.S. industrial goods concessions actually "lacked substance."

"The United States may have proposed immediate tariff elimination on about 1,000
industrial goods, but only the number is big and they lack value," Chung said.

Progress, however, was made in the area of special safeguards in the area of
agriculture. Korea expressed its willingness to allow for more U.S. agricultural
goods to enter the market if Washington allows Seoul to adopt special
safeguards, which are "emergency" measures aimed at countering a deluge of
imports hurting specific industries by imposing import duties.

Suh Jin-kyo, an agriculture trade expert at the Korea Institute for
International Economic Policy, said Korea achieved the most progress in the area
of safeguards.

"Both sides just need to work out the technical aspects, such as when to enforce
the safeguard measures," Suh told The Korea Herald.

He believes rice and beef will be the most sensitive issues for Seoul in the
fifth round of talks, expecting that Washington will for sure push for greater
market access. Other U.S. export interests are oranges, cherries, peanuts and
grapes, Suh noted.

Seoul's Agriculture Ministry said it expects Washington to reduce its range of
sensitive products, while U.S. negotiators requested that Seoul provide a more
detailed account of the items listed under the "undefined" category. The
undefined category refers to treating certain items in about four different
ways, such as by granting a tariff phase-out period over five, 10 or 15 years,
allowing either complete exclusion from tariff elimination or a 50-percent cut,
or controlling trade volume through a tariff rate quota as opposed to applying
duties.

The FTA talks between what Cutler described as "two advanced economies," are
expected to be "complex." But she said there has so far been "good and steady
progress in a wide range of areas."

The fifth round of talks is scheduled to take place from Dec. 4-8 in the U.S.
state of Montana.

(sohjung@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 27, 2006 Thursday

U.S. holds key to WTO breakthrough

BYLINE: Yoo Soh-jung

LENGTH: 683 words


The United States holds the key to reviving the deadlocked Doha round of global
trade talks, a Seoul Agriculture Ministry official said yesterday.

"The U.S. has practically made no efforts in trying to lower its farm subsidies
at the negotiating table," Bae Jong-ha, director general of the Agriculture
Ministry's international agriculture bureau, told reporters. "Demonstrating the
will to compromise by the U.S. will be key to breaking the deadlock," he
stressed.

The official made the comment during a briefing on the collapse of the World
Trade Organization's Doha Development Agenda (DDA) negotiations on Monday. WTO
Director-General Pascal Lamy sought for the suspension of the talks indefinitely
after six major members failed to make a breakthrough throughout a 14-hour
meeting on July 23. Ministers from Australia, Brazil, India, Japan, the European
Union and the United States made a last-ditch attempt to extricate the global
talks from mired disagreements over agriculture subsidies and market access. The
European Union, described as a "friend" to poor countries, has been blaming
Washington for the impasse because of its inflexibility towards making
concessions on farm subsidies. Agriculture accounts for two-thirds of the DDA
talks.

"All other members are willing to reduce their subsidies, but the U.S. is
finding it really difficult to propose any further cuts because the country is
facing a lot of pressure at home to protect its farming industry," said Bae. He
believes that such pressure is making it difficult for America to make the
necessary policy reforms to digest subsidy cuts.

Washington's agriculture subsidies totaled $72 billion as of 2001, according to
Korea's Agriculture Ministry, citing the most recent official figures available.
EU subsidies totaled 78 billion euros and Korea 7.3 trillion won.

"The U.S. should try to at least compromise," the official added, noting that
Korea has been willing to embrace a global trade regime.

He said that Korea also has relatively high subsidies, but that it is seeking
developing-country status in the area of agriculture. Korea is being represented
with the group of 33, which includes China, India, Kenya, Nigeria, Peru, Uganda
and Venezuela.

Susan Schwab, the U.S. trade representative, has been reported as saying by the
Financial Times that the "EU's claim that the United States had doomed the talks
by failing to show flexibility in the negotiations was 'false and misleading,'
and made with the intention of attempting to divert the blame for the
stalemate."

Schwab asserted that Washington was prepared to make concessions on farm
subsidies and offer deeper cuts but that such efforts were resisted by the
unsatisfactory agriculture market access proposals by the EU and advanced
developing countries, such as Brazil and India.

Lamy told members on Monday that he would recommend a "time out" to the General
Council today.

"Time out to review the situation, time out to examine available options and
time out to review positions," the official said, noting that the talks will
resume when the "negotiating environment is right."

(sohjung@heraldm.com)

KORCHAM drive for

ethical management

A group of CEOs launched an ethical corporate management initiative in a bid to
turn around rampant anticorporate sentiment through business ethics and
management transparency.

The Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry said yesterday that a special
committee on ethical management was established yesterday, appointing president
of Korea Yakult Co. Kim Soon-moo as its first chairman.

The committee comprises 32 CEOs from across various industries and will carry
out various ethical management campaigns which they hope will enhance the
competitiveness of Korean enterprises.

"We're now facing a new reality that companies can't survive in the global
competition of today if they don't have the trust of consumers, shareholders and
business partners," said the committee chairman Kim.

"Korean firms could sharpen their competitive edge and shake off the negative
image by striving to show an ethical and transparent side."

(milaya@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sundance Times (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2010

Wyoming Food Safety Rules to be amended

BYLINE: The Sundance Times staff

LENGTH: 308  words


The Wyoming Department of Agriculture, Consumer Health Services section is
amending the Wyoming Food Safety Rule. The amendments are taking place to remain
current with requirements of the United States Department of Agriculture in
maintaining an "at least equal to" status for the state meat inspection program.

The Department of Agriculture is readopting Chapter 14 of the Wyoming Food
Safety Rule. In order to stay in compliance with the United States Department of
Agriculture and to maintain the "at least equal to" status for the state meat
inspection program, the Consumer Health Services Division of the Department of
Agriculture must have rules which adopt the latest provisions of the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 9, Part 300 to End. These emergency rules readopt
Chapter 14 of the 2009 Wyoming Food Safety Rule in order to incorporate the 2010
CFR revisions and become compliant with USDA requirements. The changes in
Chapter 14 are denoted through the "strike and underline" metB&d. Underlined
items are proposed additions and strike-through items are proposed deletions.

The 45 day public comment period begins September 1, 2010, and ends October 15,
2010. A public hearing will be held if requested by 25 persons, a governmental
subdivision or by an association having not less than 25 members. Written
comments or request for a public hearing may be addressed to: Wyoming Department
of Agriculture, 2219 Carey Ave, Cheyenne, WY 82002.

To obtain a copy of the proposed changes to Wyoming Food Safety Rule or a copy
of a complete description of the changes, interested parties may contact Dean
Finkenbinder, Manager of Consumer Health Services at dfinke@state.wy.us The
proposed changes to the Wyoming Food Safety Rule may be accessed on the Consumer
Health Services website at
http://wyagric.state.wy.us/divisions/chs/foodsafety.htm.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Health

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 The Sundance Times


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 26, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

More U.S. Farm-Export Aid Pledged

BYLINE: By CLYDE H. FARNSWORTH, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 8, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 25


The United States will press its campaign to end European Economic Community
subsidies of farm exports, which take markets away from economically depressed
American farmers, two Administration officials told Congress today.

Bill Brock, the United States trade representative, and Agriculture Secretary
John R. Block indicated that the United States will strike at the Europeans with
more subsidized sales of American commodities to bring the Common Market to the
negotiating table. ''We are tooling up to go after markets wherever they may
be,'' Mr. Block said.

Arguments over subsidized farm trade, now the most contentious issue in
American-European commercial relations, nearly led to a breakdown of the
Thanksgiving weekend ministerial meeting in Geneva of the 88-nation council of
the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

'Threat to Europe's Well-being'

Mr. Brock said that the Europeans were coming to realize that the United States
is ''serious'' in its intention to end unfair trade in agriculture. ''We want to
lead'' the Europeans ''to the conclusion that subsidies represent a threat to
Europe's well-being over time,'' he added.

Last week the Agriculture Department announced plans to sell one million metric
tons of flour to Egypt below market prices. Common Market officials in Brussels
said they were taken completely by surprise and one official called the sale ''a
brutal takeover of one of our major markets.''

Mr. Brock, assessing results of the GATT ministerial hearings before the Senate
Finance Committee, said the sale was a ''measured'' response to Europe's refusal
so far to bring agricultural trade under the same disciplines as trade in
manufactured goods. GATT is a loose contract among nations to engage in liberal
trading practices.

''At the moment there are no rules in agriculture,'' Mr. Brock said. ''If others
engage in the practice of subsidizing exports, then we have to compete.'' He
outlined as the American objective ''a free market'' in agriuclture, but noted
that, ''unless people see we are prepared to compete one way or the other, we
will never get a more liberalized system.''

Sale Called Significant

Senator Bob Dole, the Kansas Republican who heads the Finance Committee, termed
the Egyptian sale ''very significant.'' He added that ''I believe that, if we
send the right signals to the Europeans, we can have a negotiation; but it is
necessary to fire a few warning shots first.''

It was the first hearing of the new 98th Congress, and Senator Dole,
anticipating the controversy that trade issues would arouse this year, said it
was entirely fitting that the subject was trade.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) Announces Rural Business
Development Grant for Hardy and Hampshire Counties

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alex Mooney has issued the following news release:




 Today, Congressman Alex X. Mooney announced $85,000 in grant funding from the
United States Department of Agriculture



 "The United States Department of Agriculture announced $85,000 worth of grant
funding for rural development in Hardy and Hampshire Counties. These grants will
help promote local farmers and products while developing and implementing new
and innovative farming techniques. If my office can ever be of assistance in
helping secure more grants like these I encourage local organizations and
individuals to reach out to my office at any time," said Rep. Alex X. Mooney.





 Specific Grant Information Listed Below:



 Eastern WV Community and Technical College Foundation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $32,000



 Project Description: Rural Development funds will be used for the development
and implementation of agriculture development program including Agriculture
Action Council, Ag-Innovation Program, Farm Transition Plan and Bicohar Research
and Education Initiative.



 Farm Work Wonders Corporation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $53,000



 Project Description:   Rural Development funds will be used for the operation
and marketing of the Wardensville Garden Market which will promote local farmers
and specialty agriculture products in Hardy and Hampshire Counties.



 Alex X. Mooney represents West Virginia's Second Congressional District in the
U.S. House of Representatives. He is a member of the Budget and Natural
Resources Committees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) Announces Rural Business
Development Grant for Hardy and Hampshire Counties

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alex Mooney has issued the following news release:




 Today, Congressman Alex X. Mooney announced $85,000 in grant funding from the
United States Department of Agriculture



 "The United States Department of Agriculture announced $85,000 worth of grant
funding for rural development in Hardy and Hampshire Counties. These grants will
help promote local farmers and products while developing and implementing new
and innovative farming techniques. If my office can ever be of assistance in
helping secure more grants like these I encourage local organizations and
individuals to reach out to my office at any time," said Rep. Alex X. Mooney.





 Specific Grant Information Listed Below:



 Eastern WV Community and Technical College Foundation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $32,000



 Project Description: Rural Development funds will be used for the development
and implementation of agriculture development program including Agriculture
Action Council, Ag-Innovation Program, Farm Transition Plan and Bicohar Research
and Education Initiative.



 Farm Work Wonders Corporation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $53,000



 Project Description:   Rural Development funds will be used for the operation
and marketing of the Wardensville Garden Market which will promote local farmers
and specialty agriculture products in Hardy and Hampshire Counties.



 Alex X. Mooney represents West Virginia's Second Congressional District in the
U.S. House of Representatives. He is a member of the Budget and Natural
Resources Committees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 25 1985, Wednesday

Optimism on grain harvest not shared

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 62252.

LENGTH: 193 words


The Ministry of Agriculture yesterday issued its preliminary estimate of a grain
harvest of between 24 million and 26.5 million tonnes this year.

The figure is higher than the forecast in The Times last Monday of little more
than 22 million tonnes, based on a questionnaire sent to farmers.


The ministry estimates yields of wheat ranging from 6.75 to 7.55 tonnes a
hectare, and 5.3 to 5.8 tonnes for barley. Comparable figures in The Times were
6.4 and 5.2 tonnes respectively.

The ministry's optimism, or pessimism if viewed in terms of likely intervention
costs, is not shared by the Department of Agriculture in the United States. It
predicts a sharp fall in EEC wheat production, from 76.5 million tonnes to 68.6
million, and a smaller drop in barley from 74.8 to 73 million tonnes.

American estimates are that lower wheat production in the United States and
Europe will be offset largely by increased Soviet production, and that the
overall output of coarse grains will be higher. That will result in continuing
depressed world prices, although domestic prices in Britain are continuing to
rise from their low point a month ago.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1985 Times Newspapers Limited


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 31, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Patents;
Natural Yeast Fungi To Prevent Rotted Fruit

BYLINE: By Edmund L. Andrews

SECTION: Section 1; Page 34; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 222 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Two researchers, one with the United States Agriculture Department and one in
Israel, have patented a way to prevent fruit from rotting shortly after harvest
by using naturally occurring yeast fungi.

If the fungi prove safe and effective in more extensive testing, they could give
the produce industry an alternative to the synthetic fungicides now used to
prevent post-harvest rot. The advantage of the fungi is that they already breed
on the surface of citrus fruits and are routinely consumed by humans, making it
unlikely that they pose a health hazard.

Isolated by Charles L. Wilson, a plant pathologist at the Agriculture
Department, and Edo Chalutz, a researcher at the Volcani Center in Israel, the
fungi are variants of a strain called Pichia guilliermondii. Dr. Wilson said the
fungi appeared to soak up nutrients at a bruised site and fend off the bacteria
that rot the fruit.

As envisioned, the fungi would be grown in a yeast medium and then suspended in
water, which would be applied to the fruit. Dr. Wilson said the newly patented
organisms are part of a larger collection isolated from different fruits, which
also appeared to block rot. The organisms appear to work on a variety of fruits,
including peaches, apples, grapes and citrus fruits.

Dr. Wilson and Dr. Chalutz received patent 5,041,384.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The NEWS (Monrovia)

                               December 09, 2015

Liberians Benefit From

LENGTH: 653 words


Several Liberians who received training in various agricultural disciplines from
the National Institute of Agricultural Extension Management (MANAGE), in
Rajendranagar, India, under the US-India-Africa Triangular International
Program, have expressed their appreciation to the governments of Liberia, India
and the United States, for affording them the opportunity to further their
education in that part of the world.

Addressing guests and officials of government at a program held in their honor,
at the Central Agricultural Research Institute (CARI), Mr. Wilmot McMillian,
President of the training recipients, said the gesture from the three
governments have built their capacity in modern agriculture technologies, and
they stand ready to serve their government in what they have learned.

The Director of Training at the Ministry of Agriculture Mrs. Deborah Williams
gave an overview of the training program. She said the three-year
US-India-Africa program which ended 2015, is a US Government initiative to train
Agricultural Extension workers in African countries suffering from low food
production, allowing trainees to contribute in their respective countries.
Liberia, Kenya and Malawi are beneficiaries of this program.

Mrs. Williams said 37 beneficiaries including 20 from other agricultural related
institutions- including CDA, LMA, LPMC also received training in fourteen
agricultural disciplines at MANAGE University in India, and they are, ICT,
Marketing, Agricultural Extension Planning and Management, Strategic Planning
and Public-Private Partnership Management and fishery among others.

Meanwhile, the Director of the National Institute of Agricultural Extension
Management (MANAGE), India, Dr. Chandra Shekara, said the satellite training was
meant to build the capacity of extension workers who coordinate farmers'
activities with national government.

Dr. Chandra Shekara said, "When farmers are encouraged to produce more food it
will alleviate food insecurity in countries with high malnutrition rate, dietary
deficiency and low productivity".

He added, "While in India the recipients underwent fourteen intensive capacity
building courses, and when used will benefit the nation's agriculture sector".

The Consulate General of India to Liberia also used the occasion to express his
government's willingness to build the capacity of Extension Workers and
Agricultural Technicians from African Countries who are willing to study in
India.

Mr. Jeety said his long stay in Liberia has helped increase his understanding of
the agricultural sector. He said, he will communicate with his government to
provide more capacity building training in the field of agriculture technology,
which is critical in boosting food security in Liberia.

The United States Agency for International Development Agriculture Development
Specialist, Mr. Mulbah Jackollie, who was also present at the program told
recipients, the Government of the United States, is always willing to strengthen
Liberia's food security, as well as, build the capacity of farmers' service
providers which he said will prepare them feed to the nation.

He said, USAID stands ready to facilitate training of Agricultural Extension
workers, who will share lesson learned with other Extension Technicians and
gender base farmers (women) in the counties.

Assistant Agriculture Minister for Technical Services, Chea B. Garley who
represented the Minister of Agriculture, Minister Moses N. Zinneh, expressed
government's commitment to strengthen the agricultural sector.

He lauded governments' commitment in training Extensions technicians, and moving
the sector forward. Mr. Garley said Liberia is working towards changing the
course of the Agriculture sector by embracing modern technologies.

Assistant Minister Garley thanked the governments of India and the United States
, for affording Liberians Agricultural Technicians and Extension Workers to
study in India.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 13, 1992, Friday

US, EC AGREE TO RESUME TALKS ON FARM ACCORD EC'S MACSHARRY WITHDRAWS RESIGNATION

BYLINE: BRUCE BARNARD; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 656 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS, Belgium


The European Community will make a last-ditch effort next week to secure an
elusive farm-subsidy deal with the United States that would pave the way for
global trade reforms.

Hopes for an accord between the world's biggest trading partners rose after Ray
MacSharry, the EC's farm commissioner, withdrew his resignation as the roup's
agriculture negotiator in the Uruguay Round of world trade talks.

Mr. MacSharry and U.S. Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan will resume
negotiations that were broken off in Chicago two weeks ago after Mr. MacSharry
claimed EC Commission President Jacques Delors had sabotaged a possible deal.

The EC's leading trade negotiator, Frans Andriessen, will hold parallel talks
with U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills over outstanding differences in other
sectors in the 6-year-old Uruguay Round.

Roger Runningen, U.S. Department of Agriculture spokesman, confirmed Thursday
that Mr. Andriessen and Mr. MacSharry will visit Washington Wednesday and
Thursday to try to resolve a brewing trade war with the United States over
oilseed subsidies.

The director-general of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, Arthur
Dunkel, visited Brussels Thursday to urge the EC negotiators to resolve their
farm dispute with Washington and reconvene the round in Geneva.

While still facing more complicated maneuvering next week, Mr. MacSharry has
claimed the abortive Chicago talks came close to agreement on a bilateral
oilseeds dispute and a broader deal on farm reform, leaving only the details to
be finalized.

The oilseeds row, which culminated last week in Washington's threat to levy
punitive tariffs on $ 300 million of EC imports on Dec. 5, still stands in the
way of an overall EC-U.S. farm package.

EC officials insist, however, that the gap can be bridged next week. Both sides
broadly agree on how much to reduce the output of subsidized EC oilseeds, but
are still at odds over how to implement the cuts, they said.

The EC has offered a 15 percent cut in acreage devoted to oilseeds, claiming
this will cut production by an amount equal to 9 million to 9.5 million metric
tons (9.9 million to 10.45 million tons) in 1992-93, from 11.4 million tons in
the previous season and 13.2 million tons two years ago.

The United States, suspicious that increases in yields will enable farmers to
produce more on less land, wants an EC tonnage commitment. The EC said U.S.
fears that increased yields will boost subsidies to European farmers are
groundless as subsidies are based on acreage, not output.

To assuage U.S. anxieties, the EC will have to concede to binding acreage
commitments, which could be interpreted as straying beyond the guidelines of the
reformed Common Agriculture Policy (CAP) - the issue at the heart of the dispute
between Mr. MacSharry and Mr. Delors.

But Mr. MacSharry, architect of the CAP reform agreed to by all EC governments
in May, has insisted any deal with the United States be compatible with the
revamped CAP.

Meanwhile, there were rumors in Chicago markets Thursday that the United States
was willing to accept an EC tax on U.S. corn-gluten exports in exchange for a
reduction in European oilseed production subsidies. Mr. Runningen said he had
not heard such a deal is being offered.

Agreement on a broader Uruguay Round farm package is much closer after a
progressive narrowing of differences during the past three months over volume
cuts in subsidized exports and the exemption of direct income payments to EC
farmers from Uruguay Round disciplines.

The Andriessen-Hills meeting will be less complicated as there are relatively
few sticking points. There are differences over market access - ''without doubt
the most difficult issue," according to an EC official - as well as services,
notably maritime transport and audiovisual services. But EC officials said
Thursday there are potential trade-offs on most outstanding issues.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO;;

MacSHARRY; DELORS

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            February 16, 1999, FINAL

U.S. beef export labelling proposed to end EU ban

SECTION: Business; D10

LENGTH: 504 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The United States proposed labeling beef exports to the European
Union in an effort to end a decade-old EU ban and defuse a potentially explosive
trade dispute over hormone-treated beef, a senior U.S. trade official said
Monday.

Peter Scher, U.S. Trade Representative special negotiator for agriculture trade,
said the proposal marks the first time Washington has been willing to accept the
idea of a mandatory country-of- origin label for U.S. beef exports to Europe.

''It would clearly indicate that it was produced in the United States and to the
extent that European consumers had concerns about U.S.-produced beef then they
would have the option of buying it or not buying it,'' he said.

The labels would say the beef was approved by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) but would not specifically indicate the beef had been treated with
hormones, Scher said in an interview.

It is uncertain whether the U.S. labeling proposal would be accepted in Europe,
where food safety issues are sensitive, particularly after the crisis over ''mad
cow'' disease.

The EU has banned imports of U.S.  beef since 1989 because of the use of
artificial-growth hormones, which make cattle grow bigger and faster. It is a
common U.S. industry practice that has been approved by federal government
regulators.

The United States challenged the EU ban at the World Trade Organization and won
a favorable ruling. But Washington and Brussels disagreed over what that ruling
meant. The United States said the EU must now drop its ban while the EU
interpreted the WTO ruling as meaning it must conduct new risk-assessment
studies to support the ban.

They appeared headed for a potentially damaging clash over beef hormones at the
same time a similar battle over the EU's new banana import system is in
arbitration at the WTO.

The beef case is also a political minefield for U.S. officials who fear an
erosion of support for free trade among American farmers. U.S. cattle producers
say they are losing hundreds of millions of dollars a year in sales to Europe
because of the ban.

The EU faces a May 13 deadline to comply with the WTO ruling on its hormone
treated beef import ban. But EU officials said last week health-risk studies
would not be completed in time and circulated an options paper among member
governments that included labeling, making the import ban temporary or
compensating the United States for lost sales due to the ban.

Scher said the United States saw the labeling proposal as a ''positive
movement'' on the part of the EU. ''We are hoping to avoid another situation
like the banana situation and to be able to engage the European Union fairly
quickly in negotiations,'' he said.

The United States is awaiting a response to the labeling proposal, which was
made in a letter last week from U.S. Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky
and U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to European Trade Commissioner Leon
Brittan and Agriculture Commissioner Franz Fischler.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 24, 1989 Wednesday

U.S. defends subsidies on farm sales

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
  OTTAWA
   The United States will continue to subsidize sales of farm products
under its Export Enhancement Program so it can keep up with the European
Community , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter says.

The subsidies "are the best way to deal with the European Community
subsidies,' Mr. Yeutter told reporters after a meeting with Agriculture
Minister Donald Mazankowski. The ministers hold several meetings every
year.

Earlier this month, the United States announced the sale of 300,000
tonnes of subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union. The sales could eventually
reach 1.5 million tonnes.

Canadian officials suggested the sale violated at least the spirit of
an agreement by member countries of the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade.

The agreement covers principles for an international agriculture trade
code and calls on members not to increase subsidized sales.

Mr. Yeutter said the United States 'doesn't like export subsidies more
than anyone else. While we hope we'll be able to stop using them, we don't
have a lot of choice for now but to live with them. Otherwise we would be
handing all of the world trade to the Europeans on a platter.'
   Canada has been campaigning against subsidized sales of farm goods
because it can't afford to match the subsidies and because they tend to
lower prices Canadian farmers can get for their exports.

Mr. Mazankowski said he also raised objections to a new countervailing
duty on Canadian pork shipments to the United States and defended new
Canadian import restrictions on ice cream and yogurt.

He said he told Mr. Yeutter that the basis of the decision to slap a
duty of 6.6 cents a kilogram on shipments of Canadian fresh, chilled and
frozen pork goes against GATT principles. If the duty isn't dropped,
Canada will take the case to GATT, Mr. Mazankowski said.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 9, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FRUIT FLY ERADICATION EFFORT IN FLORIDA ENDS WITH CAUTION

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 6,; National Desk

LENGTH: 527 words


Florida's million-dollar aerial war against the Mediterranean fruit fly ended
yesterday, but Agriculture Commissioner Doyle Conner was not ready to claim
victory.

An Army-surplus Huey helicopter borrowed from the mosquito control department of
Lee County in southwest Florida made its last flight after two months of
spraying the pesticide malathion over a 24-square-mile area of Tampa.

If no more flies are found within the next 30 days, the life cycle of the
insect, then the battle will have been won, Mr. Conner said.  Florida's
quarantine on the movement of host fruit and vegetables would then be lifted
Nov. 12, said Harold Bowman of the United States Department of Agriculture.

The eradication program began on the ground Aug. 7, a day or two after the first
of five flies was found. Aerial spraying over a total of roughly 14,000 acres
began a few days later.

Shipments Couldn't Be Halted

When the flies infested California, Florida officials tried to keep fruit from
there from being shipped into the state, but a Federal judge denied the request.

In another development, California officials have determined that malathion was
responsible for the killing of more than 2,000 fish in Mission creek near
Fremont.

The 2,000 mosquito fish and 50 carp were found dead Oct. 3. Tests showed one
part per million of malathion in the creek water and 10 parts per million in the
carp's gill tissue, Brian Finlayson, a biologist with the State Department of
Fish and Game, said Wednesday in Sacramento.

It was the third fish killing attributed to aerial spraying of the chemical. The
others involved 100 fish in two shallow creeks in Santa Clara County.

Growers Plan Antitrust Suit

In legal action involving the fruit fly eradication program, a group of
California and Arizona growers said yesterday that it would file a
multimillion-dollar antitrust suit against supermarket chains boycotting
fumigated produce.

The 2,000-member Western Growers Association said it would also file a lawsuit
against the California Occupational Safety and Health Administration for issuing
emergency regulations requiring stores selling fruit treated with ethylene
dibromide to post signs warning of the health hazard.

Another group, the Fresh Produce Council, which represents both wholesalers and
retailers, announced in Los Angeles that the boycott was spreading to virtually
all market chains ''because of confusion over admissible levels of EDB and
liability.''

A spokesman, Mike Stuart, said one set of regulations required that the fruit be
fumigated and another set required that treated fruit carry warnings that the
pesticide can cause cancer.

''We can live with treatment requirement, b ut the warning signs are threatening
to destroy the California cit rus industry,'' he said.  Treatment with the
pesticide has been order ed for all fruit leaving the 3,935-square-mile
quarantine area in northern California or the 105-square-mile quarantine area
east o f Los Angeles in southern California.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 3, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Soviet Grain Aided by Rain

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 162 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW, July 2


Persistent rain in many areas has brightened prospects for the Soviet grain
harvest, but a spell of hot, dry weather is essential if crops are to ripen
properly, Western experts here said today.

They said conditions in the Ukraine, the major winter wheat area, where the
harvest will get under way in two or three weeks, were still fairly wet.

The United States Agriculture Department's most recent forecast, in early June,
was for a Soviet grain crop of 190 million to 220 million metric tons, well
above the 1979 total of 179 million tons but below the 1978 record of 237
million tons. A metric ton is 2,204 pounds.

The Moscow experts said the present condition of the grain crop ruled out a
repetition of the 1979 failure, which was caused by an early summer drought.
Fodder is a critical problem on Soviet farms this year, however, because of last
year's poor harvest and the United States cutback in grain supplies after
Moscow's intervention in Afghanistan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Development Credit Authority Loan Portfolio Guarantee Ministry of Agriculture,
Forestry, and Rural Development

LENGTH: 368  words


Partners: TEB Bank, Banka Ekonomike, Raiffeisen Bank, ProCredit Bank, BKT Bank
and NLB
Bank, with funding from the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Rural
Development
Description : The Development Credit Authority (DCA) loan portfolio guarantee
aims to increase access to credit for Kosovo  s agriculture sector by providing
a 50% risk guarantee to loans issued by participating banks. The DCA guarantee
gives banks the incentive to lend to farmers, who would otherwise find it
difficult or impossible to obtain financing, in order to demonstrate their
potential profitability.


Through the DCA, USAID is also assisting Kosovo  s financial sector to introduce
new products tailored to meet the needs of agricultural businesses throughout
the agriculture value chains.
On September 26, 2012 a DCA agreement was signed between USAID and six local
commercial banks with the funding from the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry,
and Rural Development (MAFRD). MAFRD contributed a

2.5 Million subsidy towards the $26 million in loans planned to be generated
through the DCA.
This is the first time in the history of USAID  s DCA that a government
counterpart completely covered the subsidy costs of a guarantee

an innovative model that is now being replicated in other countries.
The targeted borrowers are private enterprises operating in Kosovo throughout
the value chains of the horticulture, livestock, and cereal sectors.  The loans
go towards targeted investments designed to encourage growth of the borrowers

operations in the agricultural sector.
Results:
To date, six banks have disbursed $12 million in loans to the agriculture
sector.
The banks have made 535 loans with an average loan size of $23,000.
The loans have been issued to enterprises in various agribusiness sectors such
as dairy, livestock, animal feed, fruits and vegetables and other related
sub-sectors, with terms ranging from 12 to 48 months.
Project completion date : 2022-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT (USAID)


Address : 1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW,
Washington, DC 20004

Country :United States
Url : www.usaid.gov /

Financier : United States Agency for International Development (USAID),

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   January 15, 1999 Friday NATIONAL EDITIONS

U.S. may zap fruit flies

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C02, Agriculture

LENGTH: 83 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


High-voltage electrical currents zapped onto citrus could kill fruit fly larvae
and stop the destructive insects from hitchhiking into the United States, the
Agriculture Department said yesterday. The electrical method could be used on
U.S. citrus imports and may be an effective alternative to spraying methyl
bromide, a fumigant that is set to be phased out by 2005 due to concerns that it

 weakens the earth's ozone layer.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Brief

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 20, 1988 Friday

OECD ministers paper over rift

BYLINE: EDWARD GREENSPON; GAM

LENGTH: 908 words

DATELINE: Paris FRANCE


OECD ministers say a confrontation between of the United States and
European Community on agricultural subsidies was averted during two days
of talks in Paris. But it is clear the protagonists still hold divergent
views.

BY  EDWARD GREENSPON
 Globe and Mail Correspondent
  PARIS
  Senior ministers of the industrialized countries emerged from two days
of talks yesterday saying they have averted a major confrontation on
agricultural subsidies between the United States and the European
Community.

'Both sides moved,' External Affairs Minister Joe Clark said after  the annual
meeting of ministers of the Organization for Economic Co-  operation and
Development . 'How much they moved - I can't answer that.'     Mr. Clark and
others said the agricultural issue had been contentious  and, in the words of an
Australian minister, nearly deteriorated into  'irreconcilable clashing.'
Although the two sides managed to agree on the wording of a final  communique,
it was evident after the meeting that they still hold  divergent views.

'There is no question we still disagree on the final destination,'  said Daniel
Amstutz, chief U.S. agricultural negotiator.

He took heart from a belief that every minister at the meeting
recognizes the problem and is committed to the concept of reform.

The problem for the OECD countries, more pressing for some than others,
is that they are putting themselves into penury by providing handouts for
their farmers.

OECD figures released this week show nearly half the money received by
farmers comes from government treasuries.

For the second year in a row, OECD countries committed themselves to
address 'short-term as well as long-term elements which will promote the
reform process as launched last year and relieve current strains in
agricultural markets.'
   They had to concede they have made little progress since last year's
similar declaration. Subsidies have increased.

Although delegates were expressing satisfaction that momentum has been
restored to negotiations on agriculture, the two protagonists presented
opposing interpretations of the communique.

The key phrase they stumbled over was a commitment to seek a
'framework approach' on how negotiations will proceed.

Earlier, the United States and Canada were seeking a 'framework
agreement' while the EC wanted merely an 'approach.' After hours of
haggling, they split the difference in an attempt to paper over their
gulf.

Still, EC Trade Commissioner Willy de Clercq chose to emphasize the
word approach.

'There is a big difference between a framework agreement and a  framework
approach,' he said. 'One is an agreement and the other is a  broad orientation.'
In contrast, U.S. officials stressed the word framework, which, they  said,
consists of establishing specifics on where talks should go, how  they will get
there and when they will arrive.

They want this framework set in concrete by the time the 97 countries
negotiating a new General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade gather for a mid-
term review in December in Montreal.

'It's time to move beyond vague, nebulous generalities,' U.S. Trade
Representative Clayton Yeutter said. 'We have to get past all this  preliminary
skirmishing and get on to something definitive.'     Otherwise, he said, the
Montreal meeting could be tough.

But the Europeans are not prepared to move more quickly on agriculture
than on other issues - and they secured language in the OECD communique
that supports this stance.

'We don't want to single out one issue,' Mr. de Clercq said.'We have  always
opposed the idea of an early harvest. We have always opposed a fast  track.'
The EC's apparent victory on this point will be a disappointment to the
Mulroney Government, which wants to place priority on agriculture at the  June
economic summit in Toronto and December's GATT meeting.

Making particular reference to agriculture, Mr. Clark told fellow
ministers yesterday that they must 'reach agreements and implement early
results where possible.' Still, he seemed relieved afterwards that the
situation had not turned ugly.

'The prospects for moving forward are better than they were two days  ago.'
The Europeans and the United States also appear divided over how big a  role
agriculture should play in next month's economic summit. U.S.  officials said
they expect it to be a dominant issue, but the EC was  playing it down.

'I hope that we will not have the Toronto summit completely  immobilized by the
discussion on agriculture,' Mr. de Clercq stated.

Nonetheless, he stressed that Europe is committed to reducing
agricultural subsidies, although not to the extent of eliminating them.
The United States continues to insist that all subsidies be phased out
within 10 years of a new GATT agreement in 1990.

The two sides also seemed to disagree on what will happen to
agriculture in the meantime. The EC had been demanding that the United
States stop taking steps to raise the stakes in the trade war, a scorched
earth policy that Washington hopes will win long-term concessions from the
Europeans.

But Mr. Amstutz said the communique does not prevent the United States
from taking further short-term measures, such as increasing export
subsidies or putting idle farm land back into production.

Mr. Clark said it will be several months before one can judge if
yesterday's agreement marks a true step forward or merely marks time.

'We'll see in December in Montreal how much progress we've been able  to make.'

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     December 28, 2003 Sunday EARLY Edition

Americans blame USDA, not Canada for 'downer' cow: Slaughtered cow shows U.S.
Department of Agriculture needs to 'clean up their act'

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Jim Farrell

SECTION: News; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 542 words

DATELINE: MATTAWA, Washington

MATTAWA, Washington -- Yesterday's announcement that the United States' first
mad cow was a Canadian immigrant shouldn't herald a declaration of war on the
Canadian beef and dairy industry, an American farmer at the centre of the mad
cow crisis said.

"This is not about Canada," said Jeff Behling, owner of a 2,000-cow dairy in the
eastern Washington town of Mattawa. Mr. Behling purchased the cow when it
initially crossed into the U.S. in August 2001. "It's about how the meat system
is flawed -- absolutely flawed."

It was inevitable that a cow infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy
(BSE) would turn up in the United States, Mr. Behling said. Cows have all kinds
of diseases, and the American meat industry must keep them out of the food
chain.

But when an animal with mad cow disease made its appearance in the United States
, the meatpacking industry blew it. On Dec. 9, that cow -- now owned by Sid
Wavrin of Mabton, Washington -- was sent for slaughter. It was then cut up for
human food even though it was a "downer," meaning it couldn't stand because of
injury or disease.

After the cow was slaughtered, it took almost two weeks for food safety
officials to test its brain and discover it was infected with BSE, a
brain-wasting disease commonly called mad cow disease. By the time the first
test results were in, meat from the infected animal had already been shipped to
a warehouse and Americans' confidence in the safety of their food supply took a
major hit.

"Feedlot operators and dairy farmers have to realize they can't send downers
into the human food chain," said Mr. Behling.

And what's even worse is what happens to that meat, he said. Downers are usually
turned into ground beef, an inexpensive product often purchased by those who
can't afford expensive cuts -- the elderly, the young and the underprivileged.

"My gripe is that the meat from downer cows is sold to the most critical part of
the population," Mr. Behling said. "Now all the money the dairy operators made
from slaughter over the past 10 years just went up in smoke with that one cow
that got into the human food chain."

"I've been telling the United States Department of Agriculture for years they
have to clean up their act," he said. "This industry needs reform. It needs
accountability. It needs more testing. We should be testing every animal. In the
lab, a test for BSE takes only a few minutes."

Agriculture officials believe the cow that passed through Mr. Behling's dairy
contracted BSE from contaminated feed. When asked if Canadian animals or
Canadian cattle feed can ever be trusted again, Mr. Behling answer was: "No
problem."

"This is all about the meat supply. If anything positive is to come out of this,
I hope it will be more rigorous inspections and standards for our meat
industry."

Mr. Behling said he first learned from USDA officials on Tuesday that the
diseased animal came from Canada. Since then, he has had dozens of phone
conversations with Canadian dairy operators and cow dealers.

"They all told me they hope we don't start killing thousands of cows, the way
they did in Canada," he said. "They all said it's about time to start using
common sense. I feel the same way. We can't do anything about the past."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               October 16, 1999, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

TO ADJUST TO A CHANGING COMBAT ROLE, THE ARMY MUST BE LIGHTER, MORE AGILE

BYLINE: Harry Levins

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 21

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: ROTA, SPAIN


On a warm morning late last month, some Marine artillerymen labored to clean
their weapon on a pier before loading it back on an amphibious assault ship for
the trip home.

Their 155 mm howitzer had been to Kosovo, and the Marines had to scrub it clean
for inspectors - not from the Marine Corps, but from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, ever on guard against an invasion of foreign pests.

The howitzer's big-snout gun tube looks just like the tube on the Army's 155 mm
field pieces. But all the rest is totally different.

The Army's big howitzers are self-propelled. They clank along on caterpillar
treads and look like an overweight and awkward tank. In contrast, the Marines
use old-fashioned howitzers that are towed by 5-ton trucks.

The Army prefers the self-propelled models because they can shoot and scoot much
more quickly than the towed versions, which must be manhandled into place.

What's more, the self-propelled howitzers offer their crews the protection of
armor against small-arms fire and light mortars. Another bonus: The
self-propelled pieces can trundle cross-country alongside tanks and mechanized
infantry. The towed howitzers can move off roads only with great difficulty.

So why don't the Marines buy self-propelled howitzers? "We did, once," a Marine
artillery colonel told me when I asked him last year on a visit to the Marine
base at Quantico, Va.

"They're wonderful weapons," he said. "But they take up way too much shipping
space, and you can fit only one at a time in a cargo plane. What good are all
the advantages if you can't get the thing where you need it? So we went back to
the towed 155, and we're happy with it."

Therein lies a cultural gap between America's two land forces. The Marines think
in expeditionary terms; the Army is only just beginning to.

An expeditionary force travels long distances to foreign lands to wage battle.
By definition, the Marines and Navy are expeditionary forces. To arrive in a
reasonable amount of time, expeditionary forces must be light enough to fit in
ships.

Dieting down involves some compromises - the towed artillery pieces, for
example. On the other hand, expeditionary forces normally tangle with crudely
armed foreign foes.

The Army designed itself in the Cold War years to fight the Soviet hordes in
Europe. The clash would be armor vs. armor, heavy stuff. The Army toted tons of
steel to Europe, where it settled in to wait for the Russians. They never came,
and now, they never will - and the Army must ask itself whether it's designed to
fight the battles most likely to happen.

True, the Army has some light divisions, designed to fly off to war with
carry-on weapons. But some critics think the light divisions are too light.
(Their artillery, for example, is only 105 mm.)

The Marine Corps seems to have designed itself somewhere in between the Army's
heavy and light divisions. The Marine units are light enough to get there, but
heavy enough to give a good account of themselves.

I sympathize with Army generals who must be prepared for the worst-case war - a
tank-against-tank slugfest with a well-armed enemy. Even if such a war seems
unlikely, generals must plan for the possible, not merely the likely.

But Kosovo is the likely kind of future, and the Marines got the first call to
go in there. They were already afloat with all the equipment they needed.

This week, the Army said it was setting up two rapid response brigades.  Call it
a claim on a piece of the future.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Harry Levins Military Matters Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 26, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE WORLD IN SUMMARY;
Carter Casts Grain;
Upon the Waters;
by Barbara Slavin and Milt Freudenheim

SECTION: Section 4; Page 3, Column 4; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 308 words


To American farmers, it meant welcome cash; to China, it meant much-needed
grain; to Jimmy Carter, it meant political hay. Last week, just in time to maybe
change a few minds before the election, the United States and China signed an
agreement committing the Chinese to buy six to eight million metric tons of
American corn and wheat in each of the next four years.

The accord, concluded after two months of secret negotiations, was announced in
Washington by Agriculture Secretary Bob Bergland, who said it would have no
immediate effect on consumer prices and would be a ''good guide'' to the grain
trade on future demand. China has bought grain from the United States since
1972, with the amount fluctuating from 941,000 tons that year to 7.5 million
tons this year.

The agreement also would be expected to diminish the anger of American farmers
at President Carter for ordering an embargo of grain shipments to the Soviet
Union earlier this year in retaliation for the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
However, reports last week from the European Economic Community indicated that
the whole embargo imbroglio may have been more sound than substance.

The Community reportedly discovered that, far from reducing its grain imports,
the Soviet Union has imported almost twice as much this year as last, with much
of the extra coming from, among other sources, the United States. Agriculture
Department sources reportedly confirmed that the Russians got 15.3 million
metric tons of American grain, compared with 11.2 million last year. Mr.
Bergland nevertheless said last week that, contrary to assertions by Republican
Presidential candidate Ronald Reagan, the embargo was hurting the Russians.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Agricultural Credit Enhancement Phase-II (ACE-II)

LENGTH: 348  words


Project budget: $18,234,849
OVERVIEW : The Agricultural Credit Enhancement (ACE) program (July 2010

February 2015) established and managed the Agricultural Development Fund (ADF)
until it was transferred to the Afghan government. Throughout its course the
program provided $60.7 million in loans directly benefiting more than 31,000
farmers.


The goal of ACE-II is to build upon results achieved by the previous program to
expand access to agriculture-related credit as a necessary condition for a
thriving agricultural economy.  This in turn will increase agriculture sector
jobs and increase commercial viability of small-and medium-size farms and
agribusinesses.

ACE-II will accomplish its goal through three project objectives:
-Objective One: Improve the management systems of the ADF to support its
transition to a sustainable agricultural development finance institution
providing direct and wholesale loans for agriculture and agriculture-related
enterprises.
-Objective Two: Support the ADF in encouraging other financial intermediaries to
enter into agriculture-related finance

and in particular those that will service the financing needs of farmers and
small agriculture enterprises.
-Objective Three: Establish a reliable monitoring and evaluation system and
promote learning and advocacy efforts to to support expansion of agricultural
finance.
CURRENT ACTIVITIES :
-Assess the organizational structure and performance of ADF and propose
modifications.
-Review ADF credit policies and procedures.
-Coach new members of the ADF High Council.
-Organize agriculture credit technical working group.
-Assess the interest of financial institutions to intermediate/onlend the ADF
funds.
-Design innovative trade credit mechanism.
-Conduct baseline survey.
Project completion date : 2018-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT (USAID)


Address : Great Masood Road
Kabul, Afghanistan
Kabul

Country :Afghanistan
Email : KabulUsaidInformation@usaid.gov

Url : www.usaid.gov /

Financier : United States Agency for International Development (USAID),

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

Washington: CBP Agriculture Specialists at Miami International Airport Seize
Poultry Hatching Eggs

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: Washington


Customs and Border Protection, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Office of Field Operations (OFO)
agriculture specialists at Miami International Airport seized a shipment of
hatching eggs arriving last Friday in an express mail package from Brazil.
Hatching eggs seized at Miami International Airport.

Hatching eggs seized at Miami International Airport.

Agriculture specialists selected the package, which was manifested as
"Handicraft Gifts," for inspection after unusual items were viewed on the X-ray.
While performing an enforcement examination of the package, agriculture
specialists discovered five individual hatching eggs.

Verification was made through the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) that this shipment was in
fact hatching eggs and that it lacked the proper import permit.

Hatching eggs are of concern to CBP due to their ability to carry highly
contagious diseases.

"Our CBP agriculture specialists work tirelessly to uphold CBP's agriculture
mission. They know what to look for and they know the consequences of
intentional or unintentional entry of biological threats into the United States
," said Miami International Airport Port Director Christopher Maston.

CBP agriculture specialists have extensive training and experience in the
biological sciences and in the inspection of agricultural commodities.

On a typical day, CBP agriculture specialists inspect tens of thousands of
international air passengers, and air and sea cargo nationally being imported to
the United States seizing 4,447 prohibited meat, plant materials or animal
products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

CBP In El Paso Ensures Valentine's Day Flowers Are Pest-Free

LENGTH: 375  words


Washington,D.C.: Department of Homeland Security, The Government of United
States has issued the following news release:

In the weeks leading to Valentine's Day, U.S. Customs and Border Protection's
highly trained agriculture specialists ensure that plant diseases and plant
pests are detected and stopped from being introduced into the United States
where they could cause harm.

At international ports of entry, land borders and mail facilities, CBP
agriculture specialists are the front line in the fight against the introduction
of harmful insects and diseases into the United States.  El Paso area CBP
agriculture specialists performing agriculture exams recorded a total of 50,310
quarantine material interceptions and 3,751 pest interceptions during fiscal
year 2014.
CBP agriculture specialists exam a shipment of cut flowers at the El paso port
of entry in 2014

CBP agriculture specialists exam a shipment of cut flowers at the El paso port
of entry in 2014.

"CBP agriculture specialists prevent potentially harmful plant pests and foreign
animal diseases from entering the U.S. every day," said CBP El Paso Director of
Field Operations Hector Mancha. "The work they do is important."

At El Paso area ports of entry, the most commonly prohibited flowers and plant
materials are chrysanthemums, gladiolas, and choisya (an ornamental filler).
These items are not allowed to enter the U.S. from Mexico because they are known
to harbor harmful pests and disease.

Individuals purchasing floral arrangements in Mexico for transport to the U.S.
should advise their florist so prohibited plant species will not be used in the
arrangement.

CBP processed approximately 801 million cut flower stems during the 2014
Valentine's season from Jan. 1 to Feb. 14. Most of the cut flower shipments are
imported from South America, primarily Colombia, with 506 million stems followed
by Ecuador with 184 million stems. Mexico was third with 43 million stems in
2014. Miami ranks first among U.S. ports of entry for shipments of cut flower
imports, followed by Los Angeles, Otay Mesa and then Laredo. El Paso did not
rank in the top 10 ports for imports.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                  November 21, 1992, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

GATT WINS OVER SOYBEANS: Farm deal disappoints U.S. farmers but possible trade
war is averted

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 349 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


   Oilseed farmers in the U.S. may have been bitterly disappointed on Friday as
details of the U.S.-EC settlement on their five-year dispute over Europe's
oilseed subsidies trickled out.

But a possibly disastrous trade war has been averted, and important obstacles
have been removed to a Uruguay Round trade liberalization package that could by
the end of the decade boost world trade by US$200 billion. For that, even U.S.
oilseed farmers may have cause for celebration.

U.S. negotiators decided ''the future of the Uruguay Round was more important
than the soybeancase,'' according to Dale Hathaway, a former U.S. agriculture
official. A leading farm lobbyist was more philosophical: ''The deal offers a
mixed bag, but it is the first time in my 22 years dealing with European farmers
that their production will have to go down, rather than up.''

On the thorny dispute between the U.S. and Europe over its subsidized oilseeds
production - which if unresolved by Dec. 5 would have triggered trade sanctions
of around US$300 million against Europe's white wine exports - the EC has agreed
to limit production to 5.13 million hectares. U.S. agriculture secretary Ed
Madigan said Friday this would result in production of 8.7 million to 9.5
million tonnes a year, down from 13 million tonnes.

As important, the U.S. has won assurances that no more than one million tonnes
of oilseeds output can be produced for industrial use.

The EC has also agreed to binding arbitration if its output overshoots - a
litmus issue for the U.S., which has been increasingly frustrated over its
inability to make the EC accountable for missed production targets.

The most significant element of a wider farm trade deal is EC agreement to cut
its volume of subsidized farm exports by 21% over six years. The U.S was
demanding 100% cuts as little as a year ago, and even recently has been calling
for a 24% cut.

Negotiators insisted Friday that the farm trade breakthrough would provide the
momentum needed to resolve other outstanding obstacles to a Uruguay Round
settlement.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: EC agriculture commissioner Ray MacSharry, right, speaks to
reporters in Brussels Friday.

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 4, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Roadblock Being Set Up Against Aggressive Bees

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHABECOFF, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section C; Page 1, Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 1700 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 3


Can the pugnacious strain of honeybees, infamous in modern lore as ''killer
bees,'' be stopped before they penetrate into the United States?

In the three decades since they were introduced into Brazil from Africa and
mistakenly turned loose, these aggressive bees have spread relentlessly across
the Americas at a speed of 200 to 300 miles a year.

Now, amid growing scientific debate about the odds of success, the agriculture
departments of the United States and Mexico are about to begin a
counteroffensive. Using an array of biological, chemical, mechanical and social
weapons, the two countries will try to make a stand on the narrow Isthmus of
Tehuantepec in southern Mexico.

If the northward migration of the bees is not arrested, the United States faces
a minor, but occasionally dramatic, public health threat and potentially
significant losses to its agriculture, in the view of Agriculture Department
scientists and some other entomologists.

Some scientists have voiced skepticism about the defensive plans, saying they
reflect a doomed Maginot Line approach to a complex organism. ''There is no way
in the world we can stop them from coming into the United States,'' said Dr.
Roger A. Morse, chairman of the entomology department at Cornell University.
''We do not know enough about bee biology yet.''

But Dr. Thomas E. Rinderer, a leading authority on bees for the United States
Department of Agriculture, thinks the bees can be slowed in southern Mexico and
possibly even halted before they reach the Rio Grande.

Of course Dr. Rinderer does not actually call them killer bees. ''I don't know
that I want to use the K word,'' he said. ''When people hear it they think we
are in a comedy routine because nothing that bizarre can be real. Or the other
side of it is that people hear the word and they think of the science fiction
side of it: bees waiting for grandmothers to come down the street with little
children to be killed. It connotes malice or bad karma. But they are only out
there defending themselves; they are bees being bees.''

Dr. Rinderer and other scientists prefer to use the term Africanized or African
honeybees, to describe the insect's origin as well as to distance the issue from
pulp fiction. But they do not dispute that the bees are dangerous.

Although of the same species as the relatively gentle European honeybee raised
in apiaries throughout North America, and even slightly smaller in size, the
Africanized bees are far more fierce and aggressive. They are easily provoked to
defend their hives, will follow an intruder for longer distances and, while
their venom is no stronger than a European honeybee's, they sting in such
massive numbers that they often cause serious injury and even death to poultry,
cattle or people.

Dr. Rinderer, who is research leader of the Agriculture Department's honeybee
breeding, genetics and physiology laboratory, said he had heard estimates of the
number of people killed by the bees since they were imported into Brazil from
South Africa and Tanzania in the 1950's ranging from 50 to 4,000. ''None of the
figures have any credibility,'' he said.

The first African bees were brought into Brazil as a breeding experiment in 1957
by Dr. Warwick Kerr, a scientist at the University of Sao Paulo. A visiting
beekeeper inadvertently let about 26 swarms escape, Dr. Rinderer said.

Spectacular Growth of Colonies

From those original 26 swarms there are now an estimated two million colonies of
Africanized bees in the Americas.

In Dr. Rinderer's view, an invasion of the United States by the bees would
present ''a minor but real public health threat.'' But he said the impact of the
bees on the nation's agriculture could be a more significant.

The bees have been found to form new colonies, far more prolifically than the
European variety. When they interbreed with other bees, the aggressive
Africanized traits dominate in their offspring. Hopes that the African traits of
the bees would be diluted as they interbred with European and wild bees have not
been realized. Dr. Rinderer and other entomologists say it is possible that the
African bees could substantially displace the European variety.

This would have a profound impact on the $150 million-a-year United States
beekeeping industry, which has sales of honey and bees for pollination.Dr.
Rinderer noted that the Africanized bees produce less honey per colony. Because
of the danger of the bees and other problems such as insurance costs and the
need to keep hives far removed from people and animals, many beekeepers might
simply choose to go out business. For those beekeepers that continued to produce
honey, costs would be sharply increased by the difficulty of handling the
Africanized bees.

Potential Economic Effect

A significant invasion could have a far broader impact on American agriculture
because of the role played by the honeybee in pollinating much of the nation's
$20 billion-a-year fruit and vegetable crop. Growers now pay relatively little
for colonies of domesticated honeybees to pollinate their crops. But if the
domestic beekeeping industry is cut back or destroyed by the Africanized bee,
the costs could go way up and so could the cost of produce, Dr. Rinderer said.

Several swarms of what were identified as Africanized bees were found near
Bakersfield, Calif., and in Oswego, N.Y. in 1985. T In both cases the bees were
destroyed.

The United States and Mexico are nearing agreement on a cooperative effort to
create a ''regulated zone'' across the isthmus in which a variety of techniques
would be used to stop the northward migration of large numbers of the
Africanized bees. Dr. Kenneth A. Gilles, Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for
Marketing and Inspection Services, said the agreement was likely to be announced
around Aug. 15.

Among the methods that are to be tried to combat the bees is the use of
pheromones, chemical substances that stimulate physiological or social behavior
responses, to attract and trap swarms of Africanized bees, which would then be
destroyed.

In an effort to control the genetic composition of bee colonies in the zone,
European drones, which fertilize the egg-laying queens, would be trapped inside
specially constructed hives for several days at a time while Africanized drones
would be hunted down and killed. The European drones would then be released to
mate with queens and would face less competition from the depleted population of
African drones. Hives would be carefully monitored and Africanized queen bees
would be replaced.

Bounties would be for Africanized bee colonies, which can then be destroyed, and
intensive quarantine efforts would be undertaken to keep Africanized bees off
trucks and trains heading north.

The key to the entire effort, Dr. Rinderer said, would be an intensive survey
and collection program in which bees would be collected off flowers in the zone
and identified on the spot by new rapid identification methods, using wing size
and body weight, developed by his research office. ''It will tell us what is
working and what is not,'' he said.

The two countries will spend a total of $1.7 million on the effort this year and
then $3 million a year through 1990.

Originally, the United States Agriculture Department talked about putting a
''barrier'' against the bees across the isthmus. But the word was dropped when
critics said there was no barrier that could block the passage of all the
Africanized honeybees. Nevertheless, Dr. Gilles said, the goal of the regulated
zone ''is, hopefully, to prevent the northern movement of the bees.''

Dr. Rinderer speaks even more confidently. What the object of the effort is, he
said, is ''to keep America north of the isthmus from becoming Africanized.'' He
added, ''I think it is possible for them to be stopped.''

But Dr. Orley Taylor, a professor of entomology at the University of Kansas who
is an authority on bees, said the effort being undertaken in southern Mexico is
''not big enough or comprehensive enough.''

''It may be fine to think of a master plan but they don't have the money, the
technology or the personnel,'' Dr. Taylor said. ''This insect is very elusive,
very difficult to deal with. We are also facing an issue that no one has come to
grips with: the incredible migratory ability of this insect. We have seen
evidence that some of the swarms are able to move hundreds of miles from the
time they issue from their colony to the time they build a new nest.''

Experts Are Divided

Scientists also differ over what will happen if and when the Africanized bees
cross into the United States. Dr. Rinderer noted that Africanized bees are now
being found at about 40 degrees south latitude in Argentina. That equivalent
latitude in North America would be around New York City. He thinks the
Africanized bees, which adjusted to unpredictable conditions in Africa, would be
able to colonize in the colder temperate zone.

But Dr. Taylor said the Africanized strain faced ''tremendous genetic
resistance'' from the large numbers of European honeybees and wild bees in the
South and Southwest.

On the other hand, the European honeybee population could become Africanized,
giving the invaders ''a tremendous stepping stone'' into North America, Dr.
Taylor said.

'It Is Absolute Nonsense'

But Dr. David W. Roubik, a staff scientist at the Smithsonian Tropical Research
Institute in Panama, predicted that there would be a standoff between the
Africanized and European honeybees in the southern states.

Even if the Africanized bees penetrate into the South, he said, they can be
dealt with by aggressive management as they were in Panama, where colonies were
hunted down and destroyed.

But there seems to be consensus among scientists that while the threat of the
invading killer bees is nothing to shrug off, neither should it be any cause for
serious alarm among most Americans. Dr. Taylor said: ''The public health threat
is going to be spectacular. If a swarm lands in a schoolyard in Brownsville and
30 children are hospitalized with 800 stings each, it is going to get a lot of
press coverage. But the reality is that it will affect relatively few people.'';

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Africanized bees around queen bee (Photo researchers/ Scott
Camazine); photo of a bee trap (U.S.D.A. Agriculture Research Service); map
showing spread of Africanized bees north from South America (page 4)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 17, 2004, Saturday

FALL IN US POTATO PRODUCTION

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 108 words


WINTER potato production in the United States for 2004 is forecast at 3.84
million cwt, down five per cent from a year ago and nine per cent below 2002.

Figures released by the United States Department of Agriculture show harvested
acreage in the two winter potato States (California and Florida) is estimated at
14,000 acres, down two per cent from 2003, while the average yield is forecast
at 274 cwt per acre, eight cwt below last year.

According to the USDA report, harvest is underway in California's Kern County
and proceeding normally. In Florida, mostly mild, dry fall weather provided good
conditions for crop development.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

YOUNG NAMED TO AGRICULTURE, HOMELAND SECURITY & LEGISLATIVE BRANCH
APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEES

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative David Young, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Iowa Congressman David Young announced Friday the three Appropriations
Subcommittees on which he will serve during the 114th Congress.  Young has been
assigned to the U.S. House Appropriations Subcommittees on Agriculture, Homeland
Security, and the Legislative Branch.

Young will be the only Member of the Iowa delegation, House and Senate, on the
powerful Committee which is responsible for writing legislation that allocates
funding to federal agencies and departments.

"I ran for Congress so that I could serve as an effective voice and vote for
Iowans reflecting our principles and values," said Congressman Young.  "My work
and focus as a member of the Appropriations Committee will be bringing a common
sense and disciplined approach to federal spending while also working to reduce
the size and scope of the government."

The Agriculture Subcommittee has jurisdiction over the United States Department
of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Administration, Farm Credit Administration and
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  The Homeland Security Subcommittee
has jurisdiction over the Department of Homeland Security which oversees the
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), United States
Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA),
United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Transportation Security
Administration (TSA), and the United States Secret Service among other agencies.

Congressman Young discussed the unique opportunity for oversight that the
committee assignment affords him over every federal agency.  "Members of the
House Appropriations Committee are able to, by nature of the Committee's work,
keep an eye on most aspects of our federal government.  I will conduct rigorous
and thoughtful oversight with a goal of a more transparent, better functioning
federal government for every Iowa taxpayer."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 17, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

PROPOSALS WOULD CUT NITRITE USE

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section C; Page 9, Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 279 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 16


The Agriculture Department has proposed two alternative methods of processing
bacon to allow less sodium nitrite to be used in the curing process. The
proposal, which was published in the Federal Register earlier this week, applies
to the most common type of bacon, known as ''pumped'' bacon, and not to
dry-cured bacon, Federal officials said.

Publication of the proposal opens a comment period, which will be in effect
until June 14. After that date, the department will weigh the comments before
deciding on further action. Comments should be addressed to: Hearing Clerk, Food
Safety and Inspection Service, United States Department of Agriculture, Room
2637 South, Washington, D.C. 20250.

Nitrites help prevent botulism and give bacon, luncheon meats and similar
products a pink color. However, nitrites can combine with substances found in
saliva, tobacco, foods and medications to form nitrosamines, which have been
linked to cancer.

The first proposal by the Food Safety and Inspection Service would allow packers
with approved quality- control programs to reduce sodium nitrite levels to 100
parts per million, down from the 120 parts per million now required. ''This is
in accord with an earlier National Academy of Sciences recommendation that
U.S.D.A. periodically review nitrite usage and maintain levels consistent with
the latest scientific information,'' said Dr. Donald L. Houston, the inspection
service's administrator.

The second proposal would allow meat-packing plants with proper quality-control
systems to add lactic acid starter cultures to sodium nitrite curing solutions.
The starter cultures would help protect against botulism.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack, U.S. Trade Representative Ambassador
Michael Froman and Inter-American Development Bank President Luis Alberto Moreno
to discuss U.S. Leadership in Latin American Markets

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 TODAY, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack will join United States Trade
Representative Ambassador Michael Froman and President of Inter-American
Development Bank Luis Alberto Moreno to discuss Hispanic-Americans' leadership
in advancing U.S. engagement in Latin American markets at the U.S. Small
Business Administration's 2016 Hispanic-American Entrepreneurship Summit.

U.S.-based firms have a significant corporate imperative to attract Hispanic
consumers given their tremendous demographic and economic importance. Further,
given the growing economic size and clout of Latin America, as well as the
region's increasing competition for products and services, the Hispanic-American
marketplace is at the forefront of setting consumer trends across Central and
South America. This panel will explore how Hispanic-Americans, with strong
cultural and linguistic ties with Latin America and beyond, can help propel U.S.
trade in the region and advance U.S. business leadership in the global
marketplace.   WHAT: Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack will join United States
Trade Representative Ambassador Michael Froman and President of Inter-American
Development Bank Luis Alberto Moreno to discuss Hispanic leadership in advancing
U.S. engagement in Latin American markets at the U.S. Small Business
Administration's 2016 Hispanic-American Entrepreneurship Summit.   WHERE: U.S.
Institute of Peace 2301 Constitution Ave, NW Washington, D.C.   WHEN: Tuesday,
June 28, 2016 3:15p.m. EDT



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              June 21, 2013 Friday

For our food, animals, selves

BYLINE: Richard French

SECTION: COMMENTARY; AS I SEE IT; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 594 words


It is easy to take the safety of our food for granted. The United States has
long been touted as having the cheapest, safest food supply in the world, thanks
to an extensive system of interlocking safeguards and the close interaction of
producers, businesses, and federal and state partners.

Just recently, the work of this network has produced good news for consumers in
this country. According to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, the World
Organization for Animal Health has reduced the United States' risk
classification for bovine spongiform encephalopathy, better known as mad cow
disease, to negligible. Vilsack credited the cooperation between industry and
government with the practical elimination of this hazard; "This is a significant
achievement for the United States, American beef producers and businesses, and
federal and state partners," he said, citing the interlocking safeguards "that
protect our public and animal health."

Now the U.S. Department of Agriculture is planning to strengthen the safeguards
that depend on that cooperation by building a nationwide network of laboratories
that work to secure our food safety and maintain the best animal health and
welfare in the world. After a decade of work, the National Animal Health
Laboratory Network is close to becoming reality. The result will be a long-term
investment in a vital part of our lives: our food. The concept is supported by
the American Association of Veterinary Laboratory Diagnosticians, which believes
a more robust laboratory network will protect America's livestock industries and
food supply from the threat of emerging and foreign diseases.

It is critically important for interested parties and consumers - and in this
matter, we are all interested parties and consumers - to provide comments both
in support of the USDA's concept paper, as well as to offer suggestions or
constructive criticism.

Clearly, animal diseases increasingly affect international trade, food safety,
and human health. The care and welfare of animals raised for food is an
international issue, and has become more so as our increasingly global
marketplace shares products and technologies. As the mad cow scares in Great
Britain and elsewhere have demonstrated, animal health monitoring is essential
for maintaining consumer confidence. Diseases that affect certain types of
livestock, but not humans, can cause catastrophic economic losses to U.S.
producers, and can cause shortages and drive up the prices of meats and other
animal products.

The USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service and affiliated
laboratories in the NAHLN form the first line of defense in monitoring and
preventing diseases from affecting the U.S. food supply, where they could have
an impact on the human population. As an example, APHIS regulates live animal
imports to ensure that livestock diseases - including bovine spongiform
encephalopathy, foot-and-mouth disease (FMD), swine flu, and avian flu - are not
introduced to domestic animals or humans.

The deadline for making public comments on this vital effort is June 24. You may
submit comments by either of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=APHIS-2012-0105-0001.

Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Send your comment to Docket No.APHIS-2012-0105,
Regulatory Analysis and Development, PPD, APHIS, Station 3A-03.8, 4700 River
Road Unit 118, Riverdale, MD 20737-1238.

Richard French, DVM, M.S., Ph.D., is dean and Allerton Chair of Health Sciences
at Becker College's School of Animal Studies.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            April 30, 1987, Thursday

LYNG CLAIMS ONE SUCCESS WITH JAPANESE

BYLINE: GLORIA JOSEPH; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 482 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE, Wash.


Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng says his one success in Japan is that
country's willingness to put up for discussion for the first time all
agricultural products at the Geneva-based General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade.

Along with U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, Mr. Lyng said he ecured
that commitment from the Japanese at the end of his trip.

There's no question that getting a concession from the Japanese to discuss all
agriculture issues with other GATT nations was our most significant
accomplishment," said Mr. Lyng, who stopped in Seattle on his way home to kick
off a national food and agriculture exposition being attended by nearly 1,500
buyers worldwide.

In Geneva, there's a new round of talks aimed at broadening free trade among the
96 member nations in an attempt to avert what some predict could be all out
trade warfare. The Japanese assured Mr. Lyng they'd change their barriers to
agriculture products if other countries will also do so.

Mr. Lyng said he's concerned about protectionist talks now going on in Congress,
especially in light of Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone's trip to the United
States. While the secretary found several example of United States agriculture
products in Japanese groceries, he groused at how slow the process is to get
those products past trade barriers.

I'm disappointed over the slowness," said Mr. Lyng. Japan has a $ 60 billion
favorable trade balance with the United States. It doesn't seem we should have
any walls at all (to Japanese markets)." The timing for Japan to buy more
American foodstuff is now, said Mr. Lyng. The value of the dollar relative to
the yen," is one factor, but he said there's a big demand in Japan for fresh
vegetables, citrus fruit, beef and nuts - all of which are in ample supply in
the United States.

Our big potential is in beef and citrus," said Mr. Lyng. On March 31, 1988 the
deal expires on our current quotas on beef. I'd like to see the quotas
eliminated."

Agriculture officials want to see more processed foods being sent to Japan -
such as apple juice concentrates, frozen berries, packaged fresh vegetables and
more frozen french-fried potatoes. The value-added export products mean more
jobs for Americans, they said.

While the wheels of progress grind slowly, some agriculture officials expressed
a small ray of hope that their message is getting across to their Japanese
counterparts.

We haven't really received a fair deal and I think the Japanese food industry
knows that. The political system there hasn't accommodated us," said Tommy
Irvin, president of the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture
. NASDA is sponsoring the food exposition in Seattle.

Mr. Lyng said the government keeps its agriculture markets closed as a measure
to protect its farmers - of the 120 million Japanese, he said three million are
farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Shippensburg woman studying agriculture in Costa Rica

BYLINE: Debbie Chestnut, The Sentinel, Carlisle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


June 17--Ruby Monn, of Shippensburg, is learning about international agriculture
this summer by spending 10 days in Costa Rica as part of the National FFA
Organization's 2015 Costa Rica Proficiency and Stars Travel Seminar.

A sophomore at North Carolina State University, Monn is one of 48 national FFA
award winners selected for the trip. The group left the United States last week
following orientation in Miami on Tuesday, June 9, and is due home this weekend.

Monn, 19, is a 2014 graduate of Shippensburg Area Senior High School. She is the
daughter of Rod and Jennifer Monn of Shippensburg.

Her future plans are to either become a large animal veterinarian or to work in
a research laboratory.

Monn was one of four essay winners selected for the trip during the 2014
National FFA convention last October in Kentucky. Jennifer Monn said her
daughter applied for the opportunity to travel to Costa Rica because "she's
interested in traveling to other countries, and because she's very interested in
the agriculture of other countries."

Last year over spring break, Monn traveled to England through a class at North
Carolina to study agriculture in that country.

Jennifer Monn said the students will share the information they've learned with
FFA groups in the United States.

"The idea is to show the benefits of learning about agriculture in other
countries," Jennifer Monn said. "Eating comes from agriculture, and everybody
eats. They're learning what an important part agriculture has in our society."

Jennifer Monn said FFA has provided scholarship money and many other
opportunities for her daughter.

"FFA gives kids who aren't in sports or chorus another direction," she said.
"And employers like to hire people who were in FFA because they know they worked
hard. They have to keep track of animal records, get up early and feed their
animals. It's hard work, but it pays off in the end."

Tour stops include Dole's Costa Rican banana farm, the Corsicana pineapple
plantation, several of the country's large and small production farms, a
Starbucks coffee plantation, a forest biological reserve and rainforests.

They'll also  visit the Costa Rican capital of San Jose and the country's
national park, and participate in popular activities such as bird watching,
white-water rafting and zip lining.

Email Debbie Chestnut at dchestnut@cumberlink.com

___ (c)2015 The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) Visit The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) at
www.cumberlink.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150617-JV-Shippensburg-woman-studying-agriculture
-in-Costa-Rica-0617-20150617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JV


                          Copyright 2015 The Sentinel


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     January 7, 1994, Friday, DAILY EDITION

GOODALE URGED TO HANG TOUGH: Farm disputes loom with U.S.

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


Canadian farm groups are urging Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale to take a
tough line on outstanding trade disputes when he meets with U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Mike Espy tomorrow in Toronto.

''We're not interested in giving in on anything,'' said Jack Wilkinson,
president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture.

Talks broke off between Goodale and Espy last month in Geneva after the two made
little headway on how to sort out three key issues: the export of Canadian durum
wheat to the U.S., the U.S. use of grain subsidies to cut into Canada's sales to
Mexico and possible U.S. import restrictions on Canadian sugar.

In addition, the U.S. has demanded Ottawa eliminate all proposed tariffs on key
farm products, such as dairy, eggs and poultry, by 1998. The federal government
plans only to reduce tariffs, some of which will be as high as 351%, on those
products by 15% by 2001.

That is part of a more sweeping trade agreement among 117 countries in the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade with the signing of the Uruguay Round in
Geneva last month. All countries, including Canada, must convert existing import
quotas to tariffs and then gradually reduce them.

''There is no way we should get into a discussion where we give away what we
view as GATT rights,'' said Wilkinson.

The most pressing of all the agriculture disputes is over durum wheat. Unless
the two sides resolve the issue by Jan. 16, the U.S. has threatened to launch an
investigation to see whether Canadian durum exports are subsidized.

A Canadian farm industry official said that in Geneva Goodale had offered to
remove all transportation subsidies on wheat shipped to Mexico and the U.S. if,
in return, the U.S. limited its export subsidies on wheat sales to Mexico.

But Espy wanted more, including a sweeping restructuring of the Canadian Wheat
Board. The Winnipeg-based board handles virtually all grain sales for Canadian
farmers and rarely makes public its selling price, a sore point in the U.S.
grain industry.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Goodale

Photo: Espy

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                July 2, 1992, Thursday, DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION

NAFTA CASTS SHADOW ON FARM: Mexico's peasants loath to abandon fight for land

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: Mexico City, Mexico


Margarito Montes, leader of the Popular Farmers' and Workers' General Union,
represents the new hope of Mexican agriculture. A rabble-rousing populist,
Montes became famous by invoking the spirit of Emiliano Zapata, Mexico's
revolutionary peasant leader, and forcibly taking land from the government and
rich land-owners.

Now Montes is the very picture of modernity. He supports free trade with the
U.S. and Canada, and the government's market-orientated agricultural reforms,
and has renounced his membership of the leftish Party of Democratic Revolution.
His union is now participating in a US$100-million dairy farm project with
Canadian investors.

Montes has been rewarded handsomely for his conversion, with his union receiving
considerable government support to set up the dairy project in Vera Cruz.

But for Mexico's agriculture ministry it is worth the effort. If Mexico is to
compete with the U.S. and Canada under free trade, peasant leaders will have to
stop fighting for land and start investing in it.

Without substantial investment in agriculture, Mexico cannot hope to compete
with the U.S. and Canada. As a result of decades of land invasions, permanent
agrarian reform and legally enshrined communal property rights, most Mexican
farms are under-capitalized and too small to be productive.

The agricultural sector accounts for just 3% of commercial loans, but employs
25% of the workforce. The typical size of a corn plot is 3.9 hectares, against
39.9 in the U.S.

Mexico is particularly vulnerable in corn, where yield per hectare is just 1.9
tonnes, compared with 7.4 in the U.S. Mexico has protected its two million corn
farmers by restricting imports, so that Mexican corn prices are double those in
the U.S.

Under a free trade agreement, protection would probably be removed over 15
years, with tariffs being lowered and quotas increased over this period.

Most of these corn farmers are already extremely poor and a fall in corn prices
will force many to leave their farms.

Enter Montes. The government hopes that joint ventures such as his union's in
Vera Cruz with Canada's Ault Foods Ltd. will become a model of enterprise
between peasants and the private sector, and soak up the displaced corn farmers.

At the end of May, about 140 joint ventures had been formed between the business
groups and small property owners or ejidatarios (common property owners), in
wheat, vegetable and poultry production, among other areas.

Not everyone is convinced that Mexico's agricultural sector will enter the First
World as quickly as the government would like.

Montes still ends his speeches with ''Viva Zapata'' - thus bowing to the
revolutionary leader. His followers respond enthusiastically, and, when asked,
expect to be handed out land soon.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: As in the village of Mazaltepec, Mexico's farms are small and
inefficient

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 19, 2001, Saturday

UNITED STATES IN PORK HIKE

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 205 words


FINAL year data released by the United States Department of Agriculture show
that exports of pork from the US during 2000 increased by more than two per cent
in volume terms to nearly 445,000 tonnes product weight, writes DAVID McCOY.

Increased exports were reported to the three main markets, Japan, Mexico and
Canada.

Exports to Japan increased by nearly eight per cent on 1999 levels to nearly
200,000 tonnes. This represents a 45 per cent share of the total market for US
pork exports.

The expansion and restructuring of the retail sector in Mexico contributed to a
sharp increase of nearly 80 per cent in the volumes of US pork exported to that
market during 2000.

Shipments to Canada were also higher, by 15 per cent, when compared to 1999
levels, at almost 46,000 tonnes.

However, there was a substantial decline, of nearly 80 per cent, in the volume
of exports to Russia during 2000.

Exports to Taiwan, Hong Kong and Korea lower by 21, 10 and 23 per cent
respectively.

l It is hoped that the Meat and Livestock Commission pork advertising campaign,
which started this week, and the improving weather conditions will give a
further lift to consumption in Great Britain over the coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    August 12, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

U.S. Reinstates Ban on Imports of Argentine Beef

Anthony Faiola , Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 556 words

DATELINE: BUENOS AIRES, Aug. 11



Just as Argentine beef was becoming a sizzling trend in American steakhouses,
the U.S. Department of Agriculture has slapped a temporary ban on its import
because of new fears of contamination here from bovine foot-and-mouth disease.

The taste of the pampas had only recently returned to the United States after
the lifting three years ago of a 70-year ban on Argentine beef because of
foot-and-mouth disease. In May, the legendary free-range, grass-fed cattle of
Argentina were declared universally free of the sickness by an agricultural arm
of the World Trade Organization. But today, the U.S. Embassy in Argentina issued
a statement saying the United States is reinstating a temporary ban; it is the
only country to do so.

The decision follows a discovery this week that 10 head of cattle smuggled into
Argentina from neighboring Paraguay were infected with antibodies of the virus
that causes foot-and-mouth disease--although not the disease itself. That was
enough to raise the alarm.

The United States restricts imports of fresh Argentine beef to a relatively
minuscule 20,000 tons a year, about half a day's beef production in the United
States. But gourmet restaurants and grocery stores have found an eager market
for the tangy free-range beef because of its lower fat content than comparable
U.S. cuts, and this has caused an export boom.

The ban means they will be unable to replenish their supplies once their current
stocks sell out if the import prohibition is not lifted quickly.

In Argentina, authorities hoped it would be a matter of days or weeks. They
insisted that experts here are containing the problem, scrambling to slaughter
any Argentine cattle that have come into contact with the smuggled Paraguayan
cows and tightening security at the border. More than 3,500 of the country's 50
million head have been destroyed, and Agriculture Minister Antonio Berhongaray
plans to meet with his peers in the Argentine provinces Saturday to assess the
containment.

As a precautionary measure of "good faith," Argentina announced Thursday that it
will suspend most beef exports to North America while it handles the problem.

"We were honest and upfront about the problem as soon as it was discovered,"
said Agriculture Ministry spokesman Mariano Rodriguez Larreta. "And we are
dealing with it swiftly. This is going to be cleared up in the very short term,
and we hope other nations will then move just as quickly to resume imports."

The U.S. Embassy praised the quick response, adding that "the governments of the
United States and Argentina have been in permanent contact--once the situation
is resolved, the import of fresh beef can restart."

Eating beef from cattle infected with foot-and-mouth disease is not yet proven
to cause illness in humans. In very rare cases, people exposed to infected live
animals have suffered mild throat problems. But the uncertainty of the disease's
effect has led many nations to ban beef imports from countries where it exists.

Reaction to the ban was mixed. Some in the Argentine cattle business called the
measure excessive considering that Argentina already has taken action to cease
shipments. Many worried that lifting the ban may become mired in bureaucracy and
politics. Others said they understand the move as long as it is temporary.


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 27, 1994 Monday

U.S. seeks agriculture trade swap   Wheat showdown set in Chicago

BYLINE: DAVID MORGAN; REUT

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: Atlanta .bany


BY DAVID MORGAN
Reuters News Agency
  ATLANTA
 U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy says Washington will allow Canada
free access to the American wheat market if Ottawa suspends trade
restrictions on his country's agricultural exports.

Just two days prior to a trade showdown between the two countries, set
for today in Chicago, Mr. Espy said the United States is sticking to plans
that would curb imports of Canadian durum wheat unless the Canadian
government changes its policies by July 1.

But the farm policy chief said that what the U.S. government actually
expects from Canada are relations based on recent international trade
pacts, including the North American free-trade agreement.

"Canada has a managed-supply strategy. They have quotas on poultry,
quotas on dairy. Essentially, what they have is a closed-access situation
for these products," he said in an interview.

"We would simply like to move to a free-trade status with Canada in
which their markets are open to our poultry, dairy and other goods and our
markets are open to their wheat products."

The Agriculture Secretary was speaking in Atlanta late Saturday, just
before he addressed the annual meeting of the Institute of Food
Technologists.

Canadian Trade Minister Roy MacLaren and Agriculture Minister Ralph
Goodale are to begin an 11th-hour round of talks today with Mr. Espy and
U.S. Trade Representative Mickey Kantor.

The talks, expected to last several days, are viewed as a final round
between the United States and Canada in the approach to a U.S.-imposed
July 1 deadline for settling the differences.

At issue is a record volume of Canadian wheat exports to the United
States that reached 91.75 million bushels in the past year. That compares
with an average volume of 44 million bushels.

Although the figures on wheat are dwarfed by the $210-billion (U.S.) in
overall trade between the two countries, the farm commodity represents a
prickly political issue that could drag normally congenial Canada-U.S.
relations into a gruelling commercial standoff.

U.S. officials say they will cap Canadian grain exports, which have
ballooned since widespread flooding struck the U.S. Midwest last year,
unless Canada tears down trade barriers to American sugar, poultry, dairy
products and peanuts.

If the United States acts, Canada has indicated it could retaliate
against a number of American products including milk, beer, poultry,
lumber and wine.

Mr. Espy said the primary cause of the dispute is the record flooding
that paralyzed grain shipments from the American breadbasket last summer
and undercut grain production for the year.

But he held out the possibility that a milder summer this year and
lower U.S. export subsidies could ultimately settle the disagreement.

Mr. Espy said the United States already is reducing its export-subsidy
programs in wheat to comply with the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1994 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 15, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

A BIG WEEKEND FOR ANTELOPE WELLS, N.M., POP. 2

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 647 words

DATELINE: ANTELOPE WELLS, N.M., Dec. 13


Normally, Antelope Wells, perhaps the most remote port of entry in the United
States, has two residents. Each has a trailer behind the customs station and is
employed by the Government to enforce trade and immigration regulations. The
number of people entering here averages fewer than three a day.

For the last two days, however, Antelope Wells has been alive with ranchers,
truck drivers, ranch hands, brokers, buyers and sellers, inspectors from the
United States Department of Agriculture, vaqueros, or cowboys, and, more than
likely, a few crooks.

They came to assure safe passage of 1,221 cattle from ranches in Chihuahua,
Mexico's largest cattle-raising state, to the United States.

Before sunrise, Mexican ranch hands, who camped out in bedrolls next to
all-night fires a hundred yards south of the border, started their day with
freshly brewed coffee.

Cattle Owner Flies In

The workers arrived throughout the night after a two-hour truck ride in the
Sierra de Medio mountains. The trucks brought cattle from the ranch of Hilario
Gabilondo. Mr. Gabilondo arrived at daybreak, landing his plane in a nearby
field after the five-minute flight from his ranch.

Mr. Gabilondo's cattle, from 7 to 10 months old, were held in corrals in Mexico,
then sent single file through wooden chutes leading to a concrete shed. There,
Douglas Woody, a veterinarian of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service,
Department of Agriculture, and his crew felt each calf. They were looking for
ticks, scabs, lumpjaw, ringworm, warts or abcesses and verifying that each
animal had been neutered.

The few who failed inspection were sprayed on the forehead with red paint and
sent back to the Gabilondo ranch. A numbered metal strip was stapled onto the
right ear of those who passed.

The entire procedure was carefully watched by Mr. Gabilondo, who is an adviser
on livestock affairs to Mexico's President, Jose Lopez Portillo. This year, he
said, Mexican ranchers will ship less than half of their 400,000-head quota for
export to the United States because cattle now command a better price in Mexico.
He said that the American cattle industry ''is in a down market. It runs in
nine-year cycles and, barring a depression, it will begin its upturn in a year
or two.''

After weighing, the cattle were corraled, then placed in a narrow vat to be
submerged in a milky tick dip. When dry, they were sent to corrals on the other
side of the line.

''Well, they're United States citizens now,'' Mr. Gabilondo observed as the last
of his 757 calves crossed. The cattle, averaging 430 pounds, would probably be
slaughtered in a couple of years when they weigh 1,000 pounds.

The 100,000-acre Gabilondo spread is divided among four family members to
conform with land-ownership laws, according to Jose Luis Gabilondo, the
rancher's 26-year-old son.

Even when the land was known as New Spain, cattle drives crossed the area,
according to the elder Mr. Gabilondo.  Shortly after their cattle crossed, the
two Gabilondos flew off.  Just after that came Scott R. Dean, a cattle broker
from the Paul Dean Cattle Company in El Paso and Brad Tate, a Lakeland, Kan.,
rancher who was purchasing the Gabilondo cattle.

Mr. Dean paid from 80 to 90 cents a pound for the herd of 325,928 pounds. The
Customs Service collected duty of one and one-half cents a pound.

After nightfall, another herd arrived from the Villanueva Ranch, 17 miles to the
east. The 464 animals, weighing 193,366 pounds, went through the same procedure
as the Gabilondo cattle. By mid-afternoon, Antelope Wells settled back into the
tempo it maintains the other 363 days a year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Map of New Mexico 2 photos of a cattle drive

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 23, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

BYLINE: By IVER PETERSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 873 words

DATELINE: MOUNTAIN HOME, Idaho, June 21


Grasshoppers and beetles, the scourge of farmers since biblical times, are
chewing their way through some of the West's best crops for the second spring in
a row, adding to the financial burdens of already struggling farmers.

A combination of mild winter weather and a hot, dry spring has allowed record
numbers of grasshoppers and their cousin, the Mormon beetle, to hatch and grow
into swarms that are devouring crops of spring wheat, beans and alfalfa.

Earlier this week the United States Department of Agriculture bowed to the
Western farmers' contention that the grasshoppers were a Federal problem and
released $15 million for spraying operations on Federal land.

In Utah, where farmers have already sprayed 200,000 acres at a total cost of
$1.6 million, last year's estimated grasshopper losses of $11 million are likely
to be multiplied ''several times,'' says Edison Stephens, Deputy State
Agricultural Commissioner.

'Marching Through the Fields'

''We're getting reports that they are marching through the fields at the rate of
20 feet per day, starting at the perimeter and eating everything as they go,''
Mr. Stephens said. Pete Nielsen, who farms 600 acres of alfalfa near this
southern Idaho town, shook a bundle of new-mown alfalfa and a volley of the
little insects rocketed out like dull sparks. ''Last year was bad enough, but
compared to this year it looks like a Sunday-school picnic,'' he said. ''If I
don't get them killed I'm not going to get a second crop of hay off this
field.''

Farmers blame the Federal Government for the severity of the grasshopper
infestation. The insects' eggs, which are laid in shallow ground, only hatch in
land that has not been disturbed, they say. Since farmland is plowed each
spring, the Idaho Congressional delegation was able to argue that the plague
consisted of ''Federal grasshoppers'' from the millions of acres of undisturbed
scrub land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management.

But while farmers and politicians consider the Federal money for spraying a
victory, environmentalists and beekeepers are protesting.

The keepers of the bees, both honeybees and the so-called cutter bees kept to
enhance alfalfa pollination, are struggling to delay spraying until they can
move their insects out of the way.

Lawsuits Are Expected

The Government is caught in the middle, says Mir Seyedbagheri, the University of
Idaho's agricultural extension agent for Elmore County.

''If they don't spray, the farmers sue the Government for not controlling the
problem,'' Mr. Seyedbagheri said. ''If they spray and kill some bees, the
bee-keepers sue. You can't make everybody happy.''

Conservationists, meanwhile, are trying to stall the spraying of insecticides
for Mormon beetles, which are grasshopper-sized members of the cricket family,
in the area of the Dinosaur National Monument, which straddles Colorado and
Utah.

The crickets, said Terri Martin of the National Parks and Recreation
Association, are an important part of the food chain on which the area's
peregrine falcons depend. She argues that the spraying should not be undertaken
until its possible effect on the endangered raptors is assessed.

Similarly, the Idaho Fish and Game Department has been quietly pleased with this
spring's swelling of insects. The department expects a good season for game
birds such as sage grouse, partridge and pheasant this fall, because their young
''are just coming off the nest, and are feeding heavily on the grasshoppers,''
said Craig Kvale, a wildlife biologist for the department. The state
aggressively courts out-of-state hunters, deriving important revenue from
hunting licenses and taxes.

Symbol of God's Will

But for the farmers, considerations of birds and bees are only footnotes to a
pressing problem. As few as seven grasshoppers a square yard over 10 acres
consume as much fodder as a cow, Mr. Seyedbagheri said, and in some areas the
infestation is as high as 100 grasshoppers a square yard.

The grasshoppers are particularly damaging to fodder, Mr. Seyedbagheri said,
because they feed mostly on the soft leaves of the plants. The leaves are the
most nutritious part of the feed for animals, he said, while loss of leaf area
stunts the plant and reduces growth.

It is easy to see the insects' progress through a crop of soft spring wheat near
here. A shelf of progressively barer and more stunted stalks slopes to the edges
of the field from the center, for the bugs prefer to eat methodically from the
edges in.

The creatures are ''so thick they'd likely eat you alive if you walked out in
them,'' growled Roy Ireland, a farmer. ''We grow alfalfa for cows to eat, not
these things.''

Tales of the cyclical grasshopper and cricket infestations have entered
folklore. For example, Mormons believe that God sent a flock of sea gulls to
attack a cloud of crickets that had begun consuming the Utah pioneers' first
crops, in the spring of 1849. The crickets acquired the name Mormon beetle as a
result, and today the symbol of the sea gull eating the cricket is widely used
in Mormon folklore as a sign of divine protection.

''It surely was an act of God,'' said Mr. Nielsen, himself a Mormon. ''We could
use one again now.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of grasshopper feeding on wheat; Photo of Mir Seyedbagheri
inpspecting wheat (NYT/David Frazier)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                 March 16, 1996

Health Issues Keep Poultry Ban on Table

BYLINE: By Anton Zhigulsky

SECTION: No. 920

LENGTH: 827 words


Russia's top veterinary inspector said Friday that a ban on imports of U.S.
poultry still could take effect Saturday despite assurances from Prime Minister
Viktor Chernomyrdin that there would be no halt to shipments.

The inspector, Vyacheslav Avilov, stood firm on the Agriculture Ministry's call
for a ban on U.S. chicken imports after March 16 unless health concerns were
fully resolved.

He said that while the U.S. side had agreed to "satisfy 90 percent of our
demands," including antibiotics and pesticides control, it had not met a
requirement to guarantee that all imported poultry be free of salmonella
bacteria.

"If we do not find an appropriate solution, the import of American chicken will
be stopped, as it was decided before," he said.

U.S. Embassy agriculture representatives in Moscow declined to comment Friday,
and officials at the U.S. Agriculture Department in Washington could not be
reached. Officials at Chernomyrdin's office also declined to comment on the
situation Friday.

Earlier this week, however, Chernomyrdin's chief of staff, Vladimir Babichev,
flatly dismissed the Agriculture Ministry's call for a ban. He said the poultry
dispute had "been liquidated" during a telephone conversation between
Chernomyrdin and U.S. Vice President Al Gore.

Avilov said the American side had not even responded to the latest Russian
suggestions on the salmonella problem, though he said he hoped to negotiate with
U.S. officials in the next two days.

Further complicating the dispute was a private report critical of U.S. poultry
processing, Reuters reported from Washington. The report, released by the Center
for Science in the Public Interest, said poultry slaughter and processing in the
United States was unhygienic.

In addition to aggravating U.S.-Soviet trade, the chicken dispute has revealed a
split within the Russian government on trade and protectionism issues.

The threatened ban was supported by the deputy prime minister in charge of
agriculture, Alexander Zaveryukha, and the powerful Communist and Agrarian
parties. They said imports of U.S. chicken were killing the domestic poultry
industry.

Last year Russia imported $ 500 million worth of poultry from the United States,
according to the U.S. Agriculture Department.

Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin, seeking to keep good relations with Clinton
administration in Washington, has been trying to avoid a big trade dispute,
which also might be a problem for President Boris Yeltsin in his current fight
for re-election in June.

"Yeltsin needs U.S. support now," said Yaroslav Lisovolik, an expert from the
Russian-Economic Center for Economic Policy. "Besides, cheap American chickens
have become a major piece of everyday rations for a huge number of people,
especially those who are not rich."

Avilov insisted his position is not political but "veterinary."

"The problem is purely veterinary," he said. "We had the same problems with many
countries and always find a way out."


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1996 Independent Press


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             July 16, 1999, Friday

EU, US narrow gap on altered crops

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 159 words

DATELINE: LONDON


European Commission Vice President Sir Leon Brittan, in an interview broadcast
Thursday, said the United States has moved marginally closer to the EU stance on
genetically modified crops.

Sir Leon said U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman had moved toward
acceptance of the view that foods containing genetically modified ingredients
may be labeled as such.

""This is a significant movement as far as the United States is concerned, ''
Sir Leon told the British Broadcasting Corp.

""For the secretary of agriculture to begin to talk about that is a sea
change,'' Sir Leon said about labeling all U.S. food exported to the EU that has
been genetically altered. Such as plan generally has been opposed by U.S.
farming and food sector interests.

""The United States is beginning to see that it must respond to concerns
expressed in Europe, and that are beginning to be expressed in the United States
, in a less shrill way,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 1, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid to Farmers Fall

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 31


Corn prices fell to their lowest level in more than four years in August,
joining with weaker wheat prices to push down overall prices paid to farmers,
the Agriculture Department said today.

The index, which gauges the prices paid to farmers for their crops and
livestock, fell seven-tenths of one percent since July. Its August reading of
137 was nine points lower than one year earlier.

"Corn was down 19 cents, to $2.13 per bushel, the lowest since June of 1988,"
the department said in a monthly report.

Rice prices fell 13 cents during the month, the fifth decline in six months, to
average $6.81 for 100 pounds at the farm gate. Sorghum was down 3 cents to
average $3.77 for 100 pounds.

Barley and oats also posted declines. Soybean prices averaged $5.34 a bushel,
down 25 cents.

Cattle, onions, strawberries and lettuce prices rose during the month.

Beef cattle prices averaged $71.30 for 100 pounds, up 70 cents from July. Steers
and heifers sold for an average $74.50, up from $73.90 in July.

Hog prices averaged $44.30 for 100 pounds in August, 10 cents less than in July.
Barrows and gilts were down 20 cents, to average $45.30.

Onions sold for $15.70 for 100 pounds in August, up from $12.20 in July.
Strawberries sold for 77.1 cents a pound, up from 49.5 cents in July. Lettuce
prices were up $6.60 for 100 pounds to average $19.70.

Tomato and potato prices fell.

The major reason the index was lower than one year ago was the record-high
orange prices that prevailed last August, the department said. Otherwise, the
index would have been one point higher than one year ago.

In August 1991, oranges sold for $18.79 a box. The average price during the last
month was $1.56 a box. Orange prices soared last August because of severe freeze
damage in California in the previous winter.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Farm Prices" shows index of prices received by farmers; all
items, 1977 = 100, March 1991-April 1992. (Sources: Agriculture Department)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 21, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SMALLER IS BETTER AND PRIVATE BEST FOR FARMING

BYLINE: By ANN CRITTENDEN

SECTION: Section 4; Page 9, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1100 words


An international relief worker visiting Vietnam last spring noticed a cartoon in
a Hanoi newspaper, illustrating the attitudes of farmers ''before'' and
''after'' the Government reforms that gave farmers more incentives to produce.
In the first drawing, a peasant with a cigarette dangling from his mouth is
lolling behind a buffalo plowing the fields. In the second it is night, and the
peasant is racing behind the buffalo with a lantern.

The point implicit in the cartoons and the truth that Vietnam may be reluctantly
grasping is that large-scale, factory-style agriculture, whether communist or
capitalist in organization, is simply not as efficient as tilling the land by
and for the benefit of the individual farmer.

This rule - that farms operated by the owner and his family, and at most one
additional worker, are the most productive units in agriculture - is supported
by countless studies in every part of the world, although the size of the most
efficient unit will vary depending on the amount of land the farmer-owner can
till with the equipment at his disposal. Thus, in the American Corn Belt,
maximum efficiencies may be achieved on a farm of 639 acres, tilled by several
hundred thousand dollars worth of machinery. In Bangladesh, the most efficient
farms are 5 acres or less, about the amount one rice farmer can hand-cultivate.

Once the rule is violated on a large scale, disaster strikes - as has been
illustrated by the failure of grandiose commercial farming schemes in Iran and
the Sudan, or ambitious efforts at collectivization in Ghana and Tanzania. The
reason for the phenomenon is pure Reaganomics: incentive. As former Agriculture
Secretary Orville L. Freeman said recently, ''The incentive that results when
the producer benefits directly from his efforts cannot be duplicated by large
holdings whether they are privately held, communal, cooperative, or
state-owned.''

Marxists find this reasoning particularly hard to swallow because they fear that
a vigorous kulak class could undermine their socialist goals. They have tried to
install huge factory-style state farms in the countryside, where wage-earning
proletarians climb down from their tractors at the end of their shifts, even if
planting is late or a storm is brewing. The results are in: The Soviet Union is
being fed by the United States and the Soviet peasantry are probably the poorest
white people in the world in relation to their education.

In much of the third world and in the United States, there is also the tendency
to assume that bigger is better. Yet most large-scale corporate farming
operations in this country and elsewhere have failed and Agriculture Department
studies show that even in the United States, most meaningful economies of scale
can be achieved by family-sized farming operations.

Cross-Cultural Paradoxes

For example, a study by the agriculture department last year found that in the
Corn Belt, while the most efficient farms were about 640 acres, 90 percent of
efficiencies could be achieved on farms of about 300 acres. On wheat farms in
the Northern Plains, maximum efficiencies were achieved on farms of 1,476 acres,
and 90 percent of efficiences on farms of only 232 acres. The same results held
in the five other major United States agricultural areas.

Instead of encouraging family farms, however, United States Government policy
has encouraged big operations. Large farms receive the lion's share of farm
program benefits, which are proportionate to acreage or production. Even the
progressive tax structure favors large farms, because a dollar of deductible
costs will shelter more income at the margin for larger operators who pay higher
tax rates.

Partly as a result of these policies, American ''farm assets and income have
become increasingly concentrated, and the trend appears to be accelerating,''
two economists with the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City concluded. In 1978,
they found, the largest 7 percent of farms received more than 36 percent of net
farm income, held 30 percent of all farm assets and received more than 25
percent of all Government farm payments.

Moreover, fully 40 percent of all farmland in the United States is now farmed by
someone other than the owner, as farmers who own part of and rent the rest of
the land they work have become the most prominent category of farm operators.
This pattern, combined with increasing farm concentration, has aroused some
concern. A study done during the last months of the Carter Administration
deplored the ''considerable potential for increased separation of land ownership
and farming - hence increased tenancy.''

Ironically, as the United States moves away from the owner-operated farm, some
Communist states of Asia are taking steps to restore private incentives to
agriculture. Vietnam, after several years of mismanagement, last year introduced
a system whereby farmers contract with their cooperative to produce a given
amount of rice, and keep whatever they produce above that.

In China about 8 percent of the arable land is already held in private plots and
is producing roughly 20 percent of the country's farm output. Earlier this year,
the Government decreed that up to 15 percent of land could go into family
holdings. On these plots farmers can grow what they want and consume it, feed it
to livestock or sell it to the state, which has also raised procurement prices
substantially in the past three years.

On some communes also, the Chinese have introduced the ''household
responsibility system,'' similar to the incentive schemes more recently
introduced in Vietnam. ''In China, with their pragmatism, food production could
really soar,'' said Richard Critchfield, author of a recent book on village
cultures around the world.

But the greatest potential, as he sees it, lies in the vast, warm and fertile
land of India. Sixty percent of the Indian population is landless, and 15
percent of high-caste landowners hold 75 percent of the land - a fact that more
than any other explains the perennial hunger in India, Mr. Critchfield and
others maintain. If the caste system could be broken, and that land could be
distributed to small farmers, he argues, India could become the biggest food
producer in the world.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Maine farm children

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 14, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

The Nation in Summary;
RUSSIA WEIGHS U.S. GRAIN OFFER

BYLINE: By CAROLINE RAND HERRON, MICHAEL WRIGHT AND DON WYCLIFF

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 5; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 241 words


The United States last week offered the Soviet Union an extra six million metric
tons of wheat and corn this season, making good on President Reagan's
cancellation of the grain embargo imposed after the Soviet invasion of
Afghanistan, but the Russians didn't say if they would be buying.

After two days of talks in London with Agriculture Department officials, Soviet
representatives got together with salesmen from Argentina, which profited by the
embargo to displace the United States as Moscow's chief grain supplier. Buenos
Aires is eager to keep its Communist clientele, but bright prospects for Soviet
and American crops and the green light from Washington are expected to stiffen
Moscow's bargaining stance. ''The Soviet Union has the leverage,'' explained an
Agriculture Department economist, in part because ''the U.S. has much more grain
around than anyone thought we would'' - more than a year's domestic requirement
for wheat and a six-week corn surplus.

In contrast to the ''go'' signal on grain, Mr. Reagan rejected a plan that would
offer surplus butter on the world market where the Russians are the likely main
buyers - at two-thirds the Government's cost. The Agriculture Department wanted
to unload its 400 million pound butter mountain, but Secretary of State
Alexander M. Haig Jr.  insisted the climate wasn't right for buttering the
Kremlin's bread.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 28, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Food Stamps Used in Scam To Sell Meat

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 609 words


The Federal authorities asserted yesterday that they had uncovered the nation's
largest food-stamp fraud through a sham retail meat market in Brooklyn that
illegally redeemed $43 million in stamps in less than two years.

In a civil lawsuit, the United States Attorney's office in Brooklyn said the
intricate scheme involved grocers and restaurateurs in New York City, Long
Island, Yonkers and northern New Jersey buying food stamps at half their face
value. The retail merchants then used the stamps to buy meat supplies from the
Brooklyn wholesaler, the Puello Meats and Provisions Company.

The Puello company, according to the charges, established a bogus retail meat
store in East Flatbush, Brooklyn, and redeemed the stamps from the United States
Department of Agriculture, which supervises the food-stamp program. The program,
which is intended to aid low-income people in buying essential food supplies,
prohibits the use of food stamps in restaurants. It also bars the exchange of
stamps among retailers. Wholesalers are totally excluded from dealing in the
stamps.

Wholesale Transactions

The only defendant named in the suit was Felix A. Puello, the owner of Puello
Meats and Produce, a wholesaler at 183 Remsen Avenue near East 53d Street in
Brooklyn. The suit in Federal District Court in Brooklyn said Puello Meats
accepted the stamps in wholesale transactions from January 1990 to last March.
The company then redeemed the stamps, claiming they were for retail purchases
made at the Pueblo Meat Market, a dealer authorized by the Agriculture
Department to accept the stamps.

Andrew J. Maloney, the United States Attorney in Brooklyn, said in an interview
that the Pueblo Market was "a shell whose accounts were used to launder the
stamps."

Mr. Puello, who lives in Rockville Centre, L.I., has an unlisted home telephone
number. No one answered the telephone yesterday at Puello Meats or the Pueblo
Market.

Leon Snead, the Agriculture Department's Inspector General, said the department
was alerted by informers early this year that the Puello company was accepting
stamps in lieu of payments from retailers. The wholesale company was raided in
March, and through a court-authorized search warrant, evidence was found that
stamps were funneled through the wholesaler, Mr. Snead said.

Under the suit, the Federal Government seeks triple damages of $120 million from
Mr. Puello's companies. Mr. Maloney said the Government has obtained a lien on
the property owned by Mr. Puello, $100,000 in bank accounts and 18 refrigerated
trucks.

In addition to the suit, Mr. Maloney and Mr. Snead said a criminal investigation
was under way in the case but refused to give further details.

The officials said the case was the largest abuse of the food-stamp program
since it began in 1962. One in every 10 Americans is eligible for food stamps
and the program is subsidized at $23 billion this year, the Agriculture
Department said.

Gary R. Brown, an assistant United States Attorney in Brooklyn, said in an
interview that the Puello company sold about 95 percent of its meat supplies in
exchange for food stamps. The company dealt with about 600 retail meat stores,
food stores, restaurants and delicatessens in the metropolitan area, Mr. Brown
said.

Mr. Brown maintained that the Puello company obtained its business by accepting
bulk payments in stamps and that the retailers and restaurateurs who used them
were not licensed to accept or redeem them. The wholesaler was able to turn over
a profit, he said, by inflating prices it charged to the retailers.

"This way everyone profited at the Government's expense," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 21, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SOVIET INVITED TO SISCUSS NEW GRAIN PACT

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 20


A running dispute between the Agriculture Secretary and the Secretary of State
over who would negotiate with the Soviet Union on a new grain trading pact has
been settled, and an invitation for new talks has been sent to Moscow, an
Agriculture Department official said today.

In a compromise solution, the State Department announced that Bill Brock, the
United States trade representative, would head the American negotiating team.

A State Department spokesman said that no date or place had been set as yet. But
it was understood that a message suggesting further talks was sent by the State
Department this morning.

During the 12 weeks since President Reagan ended the curtailment on grain sales
to the Soviet Union, Agriculture Secretary John R. Block has been pushing for a
new bilateral grain trade agreement with the Russians.

But Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. opposed any quick move to the
bargaining table and had insisted that the State Department negotiators, rather
than those from the Agriculture Department, should head the American team at any
new talks with the Russians.

1980 Trade Bill

''He even talked about leading the negotiations himself,'' said an Agriculture
Department official who did not want to be identified.

A compromise was reached by the White House over the weekend, and Mr. Brock was
picked to lead the American side when, and if, the talks are resumed. The trade
representative was supposed to do this under terms of a clause in a 1980 trade
bill designating him as the President's chief negotiator for trade, including
agriculture and commodity matters.

''The Agriculture Secretary was quite pleased with Mr. Brock's selection,'' the
Agriculture Department official said. ''He did not think Mr. Haig should fill
that role in farm commodity talks.''

Earlier this month, on the assumption that a message had gone to the Russians
suggesting a new round of talks, Mr. Block said he expected Agriculture
Department representatives to meet with Soviet grain officials late in July. But
he apparently was not aware, at that time, that the invitation had not been
sent.

In commenting on this today, a State Department spokesman said: ''The State
Department does not hold up outgoing messages once interagency agreement has
been reached.''

Mr. Block said yesterday during a CBS television appearance that he still
believed Moscow wanted a new trade agreement to replace the five-year pact that
expires Oct. 1.

''Right now the Administration is in agreement that we'll move forward with
talks and discussions providing the Soviets would like to do this,'' he said.

No New Russians Orders

Last month, during preliminary talks in London, the United States offered to
sell to the Soviet Union an additional six million tons of wheat and corn from
the 1980 crop. But so far the Russians have placed no order for this grain.

During the curtailment imposed by President Carter the Soviet Union found other
sources for corn and wheat and succeeded in replacing the 17 million metric tons
of wheat and corn that the President had blocked. Last week the Canadians
announced the Russians were buying additional quantities of wheat from them.
Earlier last month the Soviet Union announced it would continue to give priority
to Argentina as a supplier of grain. This heightened the fears of American
farmers that the United States had lost a major share of the Russian market.

Under terms of the current bilateral grain pact, the Russians had agreed to buy
between six and eight metric tons of American wheat and feed grains annually.
They had bought and received shipment of the final eight million tons earlier
this year, before President Reagan ended the curtailment of further sales to
them.

Mr. Block has also supported a proposal to provide Poland with $80 million in
emergency food aid. The Polish Government had asked for this, Mr. Block said, to
buy 400,000 tons of grain to sustain poultry production.

But before deciding on this request, the Administration was waiting to see what
direction Poland would take following last week's special Communist Party
congress in Warsaw, an Agriculture Department official said today.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

Sustainable Agriculture, Food and the Environment Platform

LENGTH: 179  words


Country : Regional
Sector : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT
Subsector  : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT-SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURAL
DEVELOPMENT
Project Type : Multilateral Investment Fund Operation
Project Subtype  : MIF Multilateral Investment Fund
Environmental and Social Impact Category : C
Year and Category  : 2015B
Project Status : Preparation
Financial Information :


Estimated Country Counterpart Financing : USD 1,222,600
Estimated MIF Financing :
Financing Type  : Nonreimbursable
Fund : To Be Determined
Reporting currency : USD - United States Dollars
Amount : USD 2,641,500
Description : SAFE is a multi-stakeholder platform that will address the
technical challenges for diversification, market access, climate adaptation and
resilience in agriculture, especially among small and medium sized farmers.
Project completion date : 2017-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : INTER-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK

Address : 1300 New York Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20577

Country :United States
Url : http://www.iadb.org /

Financier : Inter-American Development Bank (IADB),

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 28, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

NEW LICENSE SOUGHT FOR HORSE-MEAT PLANT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 217 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has been asked to relicense the former
Archway Packing Co. horse-slaughtering plant near Desloge, Mo., south of St.
Louis.  The plant, which attracted opposition in its six months of operation,
closed in April 1991 after most European nations banned the importation of horse
meat from the United States. The b an recently was rescinded.  Although horse
meat is not widely consumed in this country, it is considered a delicacy in much
of Europe.  The Agriculture Department's Food Safety Inspection Service in
Dallas said Wednesday that an application for a license was filed May 6.  The
office said that under federal law, the applicant's name would be confidential
until a license is granted.  ''This is a new application from a different
company,'' an official said. A French company ran Archway.  The plant drew
opposition from Missourians Against Slaughtering Horses, known as MASH, and was
the target of a two-week strike by its workers.  Mary Voertmann of Farmington,
Mo., a MASH member who raises horses, said the group is concerned that horses
would be mistreated at the plant, that horses would be stolen so that they could
be sold for slaughter, and that the plant would overwhelm the area with
discharges of blood, entrails and foul odors.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 13, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Corn Prices Rise as Dryness Cuts Crops in U.S. and China

BYLINE: By Bridge News

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 346 words


Corn prices surged yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade after the Department
of Agriculture reported that dry weather this summer hurt United States and
Chinese crops far more than forecasters had expected.

On other markets, coffee fell sharply.

The Agriculture Department estimated the United States corn crop at 9.276
billion bushels, down 4.4 percent from its July forecast and significantly less
than private forecasters had estimated. This new forecast puts the crop slightly
below the 9.293 billion bushels harvested in 1996.

Corn was hurt by dry weather during parts of June and most of July in the
Midwest. The Agriculture Department forecast that in Illinois, the
second-biggest producing state, after Iowa, corn yields would be down a sharp 7
percent from 1996.

At the same time, the agency cut its estimate of China's corn crop to 110
million metric tons, or 4.33 billion bushels, down 10 percent from its July
estimate and 13 percent below the 1996 harvest. The reduction comes after
several months of drought in China's corn regions.

"We have a debacle in Chinese corn production," said Richard Feltes, research
director with Refco, a trading firm in Chicago. "This marks a fundamental shift
in how we will approach and analyze the corn market."

At the Chicago Board of Trade, corn rose its allowable 12-cent daily trading
limit. Corn for delivery in December closed at $2.6525 a bushel, up 4.7 percent.
In the options market, where there are no trading limits, December corn traded
as high as $2.80 a bushel, up 10.6 percent.

Coffee prices fell sharply as producers in Colombia and Brazil took advantage of
a recent rise to lock in profits on crops to be harvested later this year.

There was also relief that Brazil's crops have so far evaded frost, raising
chances that coffee from that country, the world's largest producer, will offset
expected delays in harvests from Central America and Colombia.

Coffee for September delivery on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New
York fell 11.15 cents, to 188.20 cents a pound.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 2, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

TRAVEL ADVISORY;
Airline Rules On Pet Travel

SECTION: Section 5; Page 3; Column 3; Travel Desk

LENGTH: 137 words


Information about preparing pets for air travel, including United States
Department of Agriculture regulations, is provided in an updated version of the
Air Transport Association's pamphlet called "Air Travel for Your Dog and Cat."
The association, which represents United States airlines, advises passengers
traveling with pets to notify airlines 24 to 48 hours before scheduled departure
and to arrive at least an hour early. Airlines require a health certificate for
animals from a veterinarian. The Agriculture Department requires animals to be
at least eight weeks old, fully weaned and housed in approved kennels with food
and water scheduled attache. The pamphlet is available free by sending a
self-addressed, stamped envelope to Air Transport Association, 1709 New York
Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      June 28, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Corn prices down as rain is forecast in U.S. midwest

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT & FINANCE; Pg. 17, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Chicago Board of Trade wheat futures hit five-month lows yesterday, pressured by
spillover selling from soybean and corn futures, while Winnipeg prices fell on
news of a bumper crop in the U.S.

Weather forecasts calling for cooler, wetter weather to return to the dry U.S.
midwest next week pushed corn and soybean futures sharply lower. The rain should
replenish soil moisture, and in turn, aid crop development.

CBOT corn values closed US4 1/4 cents to US5 1/2 cents per bushel lower while
the most active September contract closed US4 1/2 cents lower to US$2.32 3/4.
Losses in CBOT soybean futures ranged from US9 1/2 cents to US11 1/2 cents. The
dominant August contract settled at US$5.52 3/4 per bushel, down US10 1/4 cents.

The most sought after CBOT wheat contract settled US6 1/4 cents lower to US$2.75
1/4 per bushel. Declines in the other months ranged from US1 1/2 cents to US8
cents.

However, trading in all CBOT grain and soybean pits was cautious ahead of
acreage estimates and quarterly grain stock reports released by the U.S.
Agriculture Department after the close of trading yesterday.

Soybean acreage was pegged at 59.8 million acres, higher than analysts'
estimates. CBOT soybean traders called futures US5 cents to US10 cents lower at
the opening today, based on the bearish acreage data.

The USDA estimated corn acreage at 75.9 million acres, again higher than
analysts had estimated.  Traders called corn futures US1 cents to US3 cents
lower at today's opening.

Spring wheat acreage, excluding durum, was pegged at 15.6 million acres, while
durum plantings were estimated at 3.4 million acres. Both figures were also
above estimates.

Traders at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange said the U.S. figures indicate a
bumper crop south of the border, which should push flax and canola to new
contract lows and grains to near new contract lows.

WCE flaxseed futures closed $1.70 to $4.40 per tonne lower yesterday, undermined
by a favorable crop outlook, heavy farmer deliveries to the Prairie elevator
system and an overall poor export outlook.

The most sought after October contract finished $4.20 lower to $192.50.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

U.S. and Europe stake out opposing views on trade talks;
DAVOS 2006 / World Economic Forum

BYLINE: Dan Bilefsky

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: DAVOS, Switzerland


As world trade ministers started a two-day meeting here Friday in an effort to
unblock global trade talks, the European Union warned that it would lose nothing
by walking away from the negotiating table, while the United States said there
would be little progress unless the EU made a new offer on agriculture.

Just over three months before an April 30 deadline for trade leaders to agree to
a formula for cutting trade barriers, both sides are intensifying their
rhetoric.

''If the talks stopped we would lose next to nothing,'' said Peter Mandelson,
the European Union's chief trade negotiator, in perhaps his most defiant note to
date. ''We can't be expected to make a further offer in agriculture in order to
keep others at the negotiating table.''

But Rob Portman, the U.S. trade representative, retaliated, saying in an
interview that unless the EU came up with new concessions, the possibility of
moving ahead could falter.

''We looked failure in the face in Hong Kong,'' Portman said, referring to WTO
meetings last month in which the 149 members made little progress toward opening
up trade in sectors like agriculture, services and industrial goods.

The WTO members gave themselves the new deadline of Apr. 30.

Emphasizing that the EU needed to make more moves on agriculture, Portman added:
''I can't sell one chicken nugget per year; that is not market access.''

Mandelson, who met with Portman for two hours over drinks on Wednesday, said the
United States remained overly preoccupied with agricultural cuts. He also warned
that Europe would not put another offer on the table unless the United States
made a new offer first.

''Until the U.S. and others put something new on the table to reduce tariffs on
industrial goods and services, the talks are marooned,'' Mandelson said.

Portman is hoping that Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany will inject new
momentum into the trade talks, since she is instinctively liberal on economic
matters and keen on free trade.

''I think Merkel could be a positive force for global trade talks,'' Portman
said. ''She has shown a willingness to engage.''

For his part, Mandelson emphasized that Washington was operating under the false
assumption that it could intervene through Germany, when he and Merkel were
''united.''

Mandelson also criticized the United States and Brazil for continuing to insist
that Europe make a further offer on agriculture, saying that position was at
''the point now where it is self-defeating. It is driving this round into the
ground.''

Portman dismissed this criticism. ''Agricultural tariffs are twice as much as
industrial tariffs,'' he said. ''That is why I focus so much on agriculture.''

Portman said the highest tariffs on agriculture in the United States were 12
percent, compared with an average of 62 percent in the rest of the world.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Statement from Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on the Signing of
the Global Food Security Act

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today released the following statement on
S.1252, the Global Food Security Act of 2016, signed by President Obama today:





 "Agriculture's vital role in our economic success and national security is a
bond that we share with other nations all over the world. With agricultural
development as a core component of his strategy, President Obama's Feed the
Future initiative has achieved impressive results in combating poverty and
hunger, reaching millions of small farmers with tools and technologies and
delivering critical nutrition to millions of children. In effect, Feed the
Future represents the best of our American values-compassion, innovation,
collaboration, and progress toward a world free of hunger and inequality. As the
world and our climate continue to change, we know that our work must continue.
With the signing of the Global Food Security Act by the President today, we can
be assured that this important work will carry on long past this Administration.
USDA has been committed to ensuring that our contributions - through research
and innovation, capacity building, technical assistance to build agricultural
productivity, and school feeding programs- produced meaningful results. I am
grateful that with the enactment of this legislation, the United States will
continue to play a leading role in helping create a more food secure world and,
therefore, a more secure United States of America."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday

PH seeking new export markets for sugar, bananas

BYLINE:   Riza T. Olchondra

LENGTH: 336  words


The Philippines is seeking new markets for sugar and bananas to boost agro-based
exports, the National Economic and Development Authority (Neda) said.

"In addition to South Korea and India, Indonesia and the Middle East were also
identified as potential markets for Philippine sugar," Neda Deputy Director
General Emmanuel F. Esguerra said in a statement.

Philippine International Trading Corp. (PITC) and the Sugar Regulatory
Administration identified the new markets. PITC is coordinating with the buyers
in these countries on their specific requirements, the Neda said.

The United States, Russia, China, Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia and India are among
the major importers of raw cane sugar, according to Food and Agriculture
Organization (FAO) statistics.

On banana exports, the Department of Agriculture's Bureau of Plant Industry is
targeting an initial shipment of 3,000 metric tons to the United States this
month, Neda said. The United States is one of the world's top 20 importers of
bananas, according to FAO data.

"This is also in line with the US Department of Agriculture's announcement that
allows Philippine highland cavendish bananas to be shipped to the US," said
Esguerra.

Recently, the National Statistics Office reported that exports of centrifugal
and refined sugar and bananas grew by 27,094.6 percent and 95.5 percent year on
year in February 2013, respectively. This resulted in a 43.7-percent rise in the
country's agro-based exports to $343.9 million in February 2013.

Esguerra said the Philippines must speed up the implementation of necessary
programs and policies to improve the competitiveness of the country's exports.
Doing so will enable the country to take advantage of increasing regional and
global integration, Neda said.

"No doubt the exporters have been affected negatively by the strong peso. This
can be offset by the positive impact resulting from better infrastructure,
efficient logistics, lower power costs and other measures to reduce the cost of
doing business," said Esguerra.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 03, 1998, Tuesday, Final Edition

Obesity-Linked Diabetes Rising in Children; Experts Attending Agriculture Dept.
Forum Call for New Strategies to Reverse Trend

Sally Squires, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. Z07

LENGTH: 1181 words



The incidence of diabetes linked to obesity has jumped significantly in U.S.
children in the past few decades, according to new findings presented last week
at a U.S. Department of Agriculture meeting on the causes and prevention of
obesity in kids.

Obesity in children has emerged as a major health problem, particularly among
African American girls, and Hispanic American and Native American children. One
of the more worrisome trends is the sharp rise in the type of diabetes normally
found only in adults.

"Childhood obesity is at epidemic levels in the United States," said U.S.
Surgeon General David Satcher. "We have been remiss in shedding light on this
problem, which leads to so many other health problems, particularly when we
consider the threats this disease imposes on our children. Today, we see a
nation of young people seriously at risk of starting out obese and dooming
themselves to the difficult task of overcoming a tough illness."

The percentage of overweight children, aged 6 to 17 years, has doubled in the
United States since 1968. The most recent National Health and Nutrition
Examination Survey conducted by the National Center for Health Statistics from
1988 to 1994 found that one in five children in the United States was
overweight.

Studies show that 70 percent of overweight kids aged 10 to 13 years will be
overweight and obese as adults, Goran said. There is also psychological and
emotional fallout from being overweight in childhood, as youngsters struggle
with self-esteem and often become the brunt of teasing from peers.

Findings released at last week's meeting add to this troubling picture of the
effects of obesity in childhood. In particular, researchers cited findings from
a study of 1,000 schoolchildren in Cincinnati that showed an increasing
incidence of type II, or adult onset, diabetes, the form of the disease that is
closely linked to weight. In 1982, about 4 percent of children in the study had
type II diabetes. By 1994, the rate had risen to 16 percent. Most children
developed it between the ages of 10 and 14, researchers said, and the onset of
the disease was directly linked to obesity. Other studies have found similar
trends in other cities.

"It's a very dramatic problem," Michael Goran, an obesity researcher at the
University of Alabama at Birmingham, told the meeting last week. "And it's not
just occurring in Cincinnati, it's occurring nationally."

Obesity also puts overweight children at risk of other diseases. The Bogalusa
(La.) Heart Study, an ongoing project funded by the National Heart, Lung and
Blood Institute, found, for example, that overweight children tend to have
readings in the highest levels of the normal ranges for their blood sugar, blood
pressure and blood fats. Each of these factors places them at increased risk of
health problems.

Why excess weight sets in motion a cascade of adverse health effects is not
completely understood. But the latest evidence points to visceral fat, the type
that hides deep within the recesses of the body, close to organs.

Visceral fat is more metabolically active, meaning that its cells churn out more
byproducts, than other types of fat cells, researchers said. Included among
these substances are free fatty acids that are dumped directly from the visceral
fat into vessels leading to the liver. "The point is," Goran explained, "that
when visceral fat releases its breakdown products, it has harmful effects on the
surrounding organs."

What researchers still don't understand, however, is the relationship between
visceral fat and total body fat. CT scans of the body show that not all heavy
children have the same amount of visceral fat.

"What we are seeing is that obese children definitely have more visceral fat,"
Goran said. "But as with adults, you don't have to be obese to have a lot of
visceral fat."

Nor can anyone explain why obesity has emerged as such a significant health
problem worldwide during this century. During the past 15 years, the percentage
of fat in the American diet has dropped from at least 40 percent to about 30
percent of total calories. There's been a proliferation of fat-free and low-fat
foods.

"Despite that, the prevalence of obesity in adults and kids has increased
substantially," said William H. Dietz, director of the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention's Division of Nutrition and Physical Activity.

Cultural changes in food preparation and family meals likely play a role in the
problem, he said. In 1934, all food was prepared from scratch and was largely
consumed based on seasonal harvests. The advent of frozen food in 1954 opened up
a wider array of food choices, and the introduction of the microwave oven in
1974 meant that children could take a far more active role in choosing and
preparing foods without parental guidance, Dietz said.

Adding to the problem is the recent trend of eating food that has been prepared
outside the home. National food surveys show that about 30 percent of family
meals nationwide are fixed outside the home, regardless of family income. Such
meals often are higher in calories and fat and contain larger portions than
those prepared at home, Dietz said. (See related story on Page 20.)

Lack of physical activity contributes to the problem. Fewer than half of U.S.
schoolchildren participate in daily physical education. Television, video games
and computers also add to the problems of sedentary living. Studies by Dietz
showed that childhood obesity is related to the amount of time spent watching
television.

"But television viewing is not a single behavior," Dietz said. "It represents a
marker for inactivity and altered patterns of food consumption. The more
television a child watches, the more likely they are to consume foods advertised
on television and the more likely it is that those foods are high in calories."

There are signs, however, that some of these trends can be reversed. At Johns
Hopkins Bayview Medical Center in Baltimore, Kerry Stewart, head of cardiac
rehabilitation, has developed a prevention program targeted at children. "We
find that we can increase the knowledge of children and improve their eating
habits so that they report consuming lower percentages of fat, salt and sugars
in their diet," Stewart said.

At Stanford University, Thomas Robinson and his colleagues have studied the
effect of reducing children's use of television, videotapes and computer games.
Using body mass index--a measurement that takes into account height and
weight--the team found that they could cut BMI by half a unit in children who
watched between a quarter to a third less television and videotapes and played
fewer computer games.

An effective but simple change may be removing television sets from children's
bedrooms. The Stanford team found that half of elementary schoolchildren they
studied had a television set in their bedrooms.

"If there's any one thing that parents could do, it's that," Robinson said.
"There's no reason for a child to have a television in the bedroom."




LOAD-DATE: November 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration; Illustration, tony fitch for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 03, 1998, Tuesday, Final Edition

Obesity-Linked Diabetes Rising in Children; Experts Attending Agriculture Dept.
Forum Call for New Strategies to Reverse Trend

Sally Squires, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. Z07

LENGTH: 1181 words



The incidence of diabetes linked to obesity has jumped significantly in U.S.
children in the past few decades, according to new findings presented last week
at a U.S. Department of Agriculture meeting on the causes and prevention of
obesity in kids.

Obesity in children has emerged as a major health problem, particularly among
African American girls, and Hispanic American and Native American children. One
of the more worrisome trends is the sharp rise in the type of diabetes normally
found only in adults.

"Childhood obesity is at epidemic levels in the United States," said U.S.
Surgeon General David Satcher. "We have been remiss in shedding light on this
problem, which leads to so many other health problems, particularly when we
consider the threats this disease imposes on our children. Today, we see a
nation of young people seriously at risk of starting out obese and dooming
themselves to the difficult task of overcoming a tough illness."

The percentage of overweight children, aged 6 to 17 years, has doubled in the
United States since 1968. The most recent National Health and Nutrition
Examination Survey conducted by the National Center for Health Statistics from
1988 to 1994 found that one in five children in the United States was
overweight.

Studies show that 70 percent of overweight kids aged 10 to 13 years will be
overweight and obese as adults, Goran said. There is also psychological and
emotional fallout from being overweight in childhood, as youngsters struggle
with self-esteem and often become the brunt of teasing from peers.

Findings released at last week's meeting add to this troubling picture of the
effects of obesity in childhood. In particular, researchers cited findings from
a study of 1,000 schoolchildren in Cincinnati that showed an increasing
incidence of type II, or adult onset, diabetes, the form of the disease that is
closely linked to weight. In 1982, about 4 percent of children in the study had
type II diabetes. By 1994, the rate had risen to 16 percent. Most children
developed it between the ages of 10 and 14, researchers said, and the onset of
the disease was directly linked to obesity. Other studies have found similar
trends in other cities.

"It's a very dramatic problem," Michael Goran, an obesity researcher at the
University of Alabama at Birmingham, told the meeting last week. "And it's not
just occurring in Cincinnati, it's occurring nationally."

Obesity also puts overweight children at risk of other diseases. The Bogalusa
(La.) Heart Study, an ongoing project funded by the National Heart, Lung and
Blood Institute, found, for example, that overweight children tend to have
readings in the highest levels of the normal ranges for their blood sugar, blood
pressure and blood fats. Each of these factors places them at increased risk of
health problems.

Why excess weight sets in motion a cascade of adverse health effects is not
completely understood. But the latest evidence points to visceral fat, the type
that hides deep within the recesses of the body, close to organs.

Visceral fat is more metabolically active, meaning that its cells churn out more
byproducts, than other types of fat cells, researchers said. Included among
these substances are free fatty acids that are dumped directly from the visceral
fat into vessels leading to the liver. "The point is," Goran explained, "that
when visceral fat releases its breakdown products, it has harmful effects on the
surrounding organs."

What researchers still don't understand, however, is the relationship between
visceral fat and total body fat. CT scans of the body show that not all heavy
children have the same amount of visceral fat.

"What we are seeing is that obese children definitely have more visceral fat,"
Goran said. "But as with adults, you don't have to be obese to have a lot of
visceral fat."

Nor can anyone explain why obesity has emerged as such a significant health
problem worldwide during this century. During the past 15 years, the percentage
of fat in the American diet has dropped from at least 40 percent to about 30
percent of total calories. There's been a proliferation of fat-free and low-fat
foods.

"Despite that, the prevalence of obesity in adults and kids has increased
substantially," said William H. Dietz, director of the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention's Division of Nutrition and Physical Activity.

Cultural changes in food preparation and family meals likely play a role in the
problem, he said. In 1934, all food was prepared from scratch and was largely
consumed based on seasonal harvests. The advent of frozen food in 1954 opened up
a wider array of food choices, and the introduction of the microwave oven in
1974 meant that children could take a far more active role in choosing and
preparing foods without parental guidance, Dietz said.

Adding to the problem is the recent trend of eating food that has been prepared
outside the home. National food surveys show that about 30 percent of family
meals nationwide are fixed outside the home, regardless of family income. Such
meals often are higher in calories and fat and contain larger portions than
those prepared at home, Dietz said. (See related story on Page 20.)

Lack of physical activity contributes to the problem. Fewer than half of U.S.
schoolchildren participate in daily physical education. Television, video games
and computers also add to the problems of sedentary living. Studies by Dietz
showed that childhood obesity is related to the amount of time spent watching
television.

"But television viewing is not a single behavior," Dietz said. "It represents a
marker for inactivity and altered patterns of food consumption. The more
television a child watches, the more likely they are to consume foods advertised
on television and the more likely it is that those foods are high in calories."

There are signs, however, that some of these trends can be reversed. At Johns
Hopkins Bayview Medical Center in Baltimore, Kerry Stewart, head of cardiac
rehabilitation, has developed a prevention program targeted at children. "We
find that we can increase the knowledge of children and improve their eating
habits so that they report consuming lower percentages of fat, salt and sugars
in their diet," Stewart said.

At Stanford University, Thomas Robinson and his colleagues have studied the
effect of reducing children's use of television, videotapes and computer games.
Using body mass index--a measurement that takes into account height and
weight--the team found that they could cut BMI by half a unit in children who
watched between a quarter to a third less television and videotapes and played
fewer computer games.

An effective but simple change may be removing television sets from children's
bedrooms. The Stanford team found that half of elementary schoolchildren they
studied had a television set in their bedrooms.

"If there's any one thing that parents could do, it's that," Robinson said.
"There's no reason for a child to have a television in the bedroom."




LOAD-DATE: November 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration; Illustration, tony fitch for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 27, 1991 Wednesday

Ban lifted on virus-free spuds   Restriction remains on 75% of PEI's
seed-potato production, 8 N.B. growers

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 254 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
  OTTAWA
 Many Prince Edward Island and a handful of New Brunswick farmers cannot
ship seed potatoes to the rest of the Canada and the United States, an
Agriculture Department official said yesterday.

About 75 per cent of PEI's seed-potato production can't be sold in the
rest of North America nor can spuds from eight growers in the Grand Falls
area of New Brunswick, Andy Watt said in an interview.

The ban was imposed because of a virus found in those two areas. In
early February, the United States banned shipments of all seed potatoes
from Canada.

The ban has been lifted for other areas as long as the seed potatoes
are certified to be from a virus-free area and are not grown from
seedstock from an infected area, Mr. Watt said.

He said the virus doesn't exist in the rest of Canada. And farmers
outside the infected area want assurances their stock won't be ruined
because they might want to ship to the United States.

The virus is harmless to humans and potatoes but kills tobacco plants
and is regarded as a threat to tomatoes and peppers.

Agriculture Minister Donald Mazankowski said in Ottawa on Monday that
federal and provincial officials and farmers are working together to
control and eradicate the virus.

Officials are also looking at a compensation program for producers who
lost sales during the ban.

Watt said seed potatoes from the two areas under the ban could be
shipped to overseas markets that aren't worried about the virus or will
accept certified stock.

Seed potatoes are used to grow new potato plants.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

CBP officers speak about border inspection at TSTC

BYLINE: Allen Essex, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Jan. 21--HARLINGEN -- The job of inspecting planes, trains, ships and
automobiles to prevent illegal aliens, contraband, and drugs from entering the
United States translates into good-paying careers, Customs and Border Protection
agents told Texas State Technical College-Harlingen students Thursday.

CBP officers who are trained to detect tiny insects and plant diseases at
international bridges and other entry points need education and skills, students
learned. While many American companies are cutting jobs, the federal government
is still hiring, CBP officers said.

Mike Freeman, director of the local CBP sector, said his agency has a lot of
responsibility to protect local agriculture.

"Traditionally, when people see us working on the border, they think all we're
looking for is drugs," Freeman said, adding agriculture is a multi-billion
industry.

"One important aspect of what we do is to prevent prohibited items from entering
the United States," CBP spokesman Duane Stryker said.

Any insect, seed or plant that could introduce disease to agricultural products,
plants or animals in the area could cause multi-million dollar damages to Texas
agriculture, he said.

In 2010, 5 million vehicles crossed into Texas from Mexico, Stryker said. Every
vehicle and passenger must be checked to ensure that terrorists, drugs,
contraband such as weapons and agricultural pests do cross bridges, he said.

Even vehicles that have mud from farm fields in Mexico cannot pass through the
bridge and will be returned to Mexico, he said.

CBP officials said that students should familiarize themselves with the many
types of federal jobs for which they might qualify in the Rio Grande Valley with
CBP as bridge inspectors, Border Patrol agents and other positions.

Jared Franklin, a supervisory agriculture specialist said he is also a national
recruiter for the agency.

While CBP inspects ships, trains, aircraft, trucks and autos entering the United
States, U.S. Department of Agriculture employees inspect row crops in fields,
citrus crops in groves and at packing sheds and processing plants.

"Our job is to protect U.S. agriculture," Franklin said. "It is important to
declare anything that you are bringing into the country."

Some CBP agents work overseas to pre-clear ships, planes and trucks as shipments
of agricultural products bound for the United States, but they are inspected
again when the arrive at a port of entry, Franklin said.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110121-HR-CBP-officers-speak-about-border-inspection-at-TSTC-0121-20110121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2011 Valley Morning Star


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

Dominica's minister accuses USA of undermining banana industry in small states

LENGTH: 472 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website


Roseau, Dominica, CMC: Dominica's Agriculture Minister Mathew Walter has accused
the United State of backing multinational organizations in undermining the
banana industry of small developing countries. Speaking at a forum as part of
the activities marking the Caribbean Week of Agriculture (CWA) on Monday, Walter
said that it was important for those multinationals to understand that the
citizens of those developing countries had a right to a proper living. "We see
another attack, almost fatal attack on our banana industry again precipitated by
the multinationals and again backed by the United States of America and I don't
put water in my mouth to say that my friends," he told the farmers forum.

"Dominica as a small island developing state, very small economy, a very small
population and small in size, I think those giants out there must understand
that Dominicans must live," he said, adding "but not only Dominicans must live
but all the small islands in the ACP (African Caribbean and Pacific) and they
must live a comfortable life. "And we see this almost fatal attack on our banana
industry. Our preferential treatment has been eroded, seriously eroded and which
ultimately has demotivated the farmers of this country and this is why the
number of farmers involved in the banana sub-sector has dwindled and is still
dwindling," he said. In recent years, Washington has backed multinational
organizations mainly from Latin America that have gone to the World Trade
Organization (WTO) to challenge the prices paid to ACP bananas and have also
argued against the preferential treatment offered to those countries by Europe.
Walter warned that Dominica cannot afford to "turn its back on agriculture
because the backbone of this country's economy is agriculture". "So let me tell
you bluntly that we all know that agriculture is cornered left, right and
centre... as if it is under serious attack," he said, noting that while in the
past many countries had placed agriculture on the "back burner it was only when
millions of people around the world were starving... that world governments
realised the importance to put agriculture on the front burner. "Dominica is no
exception, we have always put agriculture on the front burner," he told the
forum. The CWA, which will be officially opened on Wednesday, is being organized
by the Brussels-based Technical Centre for Agriculture (CTA), the Trinidad and
Tobago-based Caribbean Agriculture Research and Development Institute (CARDI),
the Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture (IICA), the Food and
Agriculture Organization (FAO) and the Guyana-based Caribbean Community
(CARICOM) Secretariat.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
1410 gmt 11 Oct 11

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Washington: Agriculture Under Secretary Scuse Leads USDA Trade Mission to
Southeast Asia March 9-13

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Leaders from six state agriculture departments and 21 U.S. agribusinesses and
organizations will accompany U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under
Secretary Michael Scuse on a trade mission to Southeast Asia from March 9 to
March 13 to expand export opportunities for U.S. food and agricultural products
in one of the world's fastest-growing markets.

"U.S. agricultural exports to Southeast Asia have been on the rise thanks to
strong economic growth and increasing demand for high-value products in the
region," said Scuse, who leads USDA's Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services
mission area. "With this growth expected to continue, the region holds
significant untapped market potential for U.S. exporters."

"I am especially pleased to be traveling with a broad cross-section of U.S.
agricultural interests who represent every region of the country and will help
me showcase the quality, variety and abundance of farm and food products
produced for export by the United States," Scuse said.

Scuse noted that the majority of participating companies are small- or
medium-sized enterprises and many are owned by women, minorities and veterans.

The delegation will travel to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and Manila, Philippines,
and will also meet with potential customers from Burma and Thailand while in
Kuala Lumpur.

Malaysia, the Philippines, Burma and Thailand boast a combined population of 262
million. As members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), these
countries are already strong trading partners of the United States. U.S. exports
of food and agricultural products to the four countries have doubled over the
past five years, from $2.7 billion in fiscal year 2009 to $5.4 billion in 2014.

Mission participants include representatives from the Idaho, Iowa, Nebraska,
North Dakota, Texas and Virginia departments of agriculture, as well as the
following companies and organizations:

Bridgepathway LLC; Jericho, N.Y.
 Case New Holland; New Holland, Pa.
 Consolidated Grain and Barge Co.; Princeton, Ill.
 Crown Nut Co.; Tracy, Calif.
 Garuda International, Inc.; Exeter, Calif.
 GEMCO; New York, N.Y.
 The Ginger People; Marina, Calif.
 Global Strategy Group/Greenfield Mills; Sunrise, Fla.
 Gray & Company; Portland, Ore.
 James Farrell & Co.; Seattle, Wash.
 JM Grain; Garrison, N.D.
 Kizable Kandy, LLC; Clearwater, Fla.
 Nebraska Farm Bureau; Lincoln, Neb.
 Platinum Trading; Alexandria, Va.
 Richmond Wholesale Meats/American Custom; Richmond, Calif.
 Robinson Fresh; Miramar, Fla.
 Sun Grape Marketing; Visalia, Calif.
 United Global Trading; Dallas, Tex.
 U.S. International Foods; St. Louis, Mo.
 USA Rice Federation; Arlington, Va.
 Quirch Foods; Medley, Fla.

USDA trade missions open doors and deliver results for U.S. exporters, giving
them the opportunity to forge relationships with potential customers and foreign
government officials, as well as to gather market intelligence that will help
them develop strategies to expand their sales in key markets overseas. The next
USDA trade mission will take place June 1 to June 5, 2015, to Panama and the
Dominican Republic.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

Pakistan: Pak-US join hands to develop agriculture sector

LENGTH: 784  words

DATELINE: DOHA


DOHA, Feb. 12 -- A trilateral US-Pakistan-Afghanistan forum on agriculture has
made a robust start in its first recent meeting here with United States making
initial commitment of 100 million dollar as first tranche out of a hefty fund it
promised to bolster agriculture in Pakistan and Afghanistan. "More money will
flow as concrete projects get underway," US deputyunder secretary agriculture
Burnham Philbrook observed in the plenarysession. The meeting was organized in
Doha by the US Embassy in Pakistanfor security reason and to avoid visa and
other complications envisaged inholding it in the United States.

Pakistan delegation that comprised nearly two dozen top agricultureexperts and
officials was led by the director general of the trilateralsecretariat, Mr.
Zahoor Malik. Working groups comprising experts from the three countries in
theirdeliberations focused on areas of food security, trade corridors and
watermanagement. Malik announced that the next meeting of the forum will beheld
in Pakistan in April. Pakistan voiced its concerns on the dam being built on
River Kabul withIndia's assistance and suggested a profound engagement between
Pakistanand Afghanistan to address these concerns. Philbrook said development of
agriculture in both countries was part ofthe strategy to boosting their
economies, uplifting living standards of their people and winning the hearts and
minds of the rural populace. "We believe that peace depends on improving the lot
of the people forwhich development of agriculture is vital because more than
eighty per centpopulation depends on it," Philbrook remarked. He said the United
Statesintends to vigorously pursue the goal of agricultural growth adding that
incase of Afghanistan it would also work as an incentive to farmers to
stopplanting poppy. "Agriculture is key to making peace sustainable" Philbrook
said whilepointing out that drug trade is a major source of instability and
funding for militancy in Afghanistan. Responding to points raised by Mr. Malik
in his welcome speechregarding the tardy approach adopted by the United States
in the past incommitting funds that has hampered progress in formulating
policies anddesigning projects, Philbrooke assured that adequate and prompt
fundingwould be provided to launch viable programmes in agriculture. He said
theUS secretary agriculture during his recent visit to the region felt
moredetermined than ever to build international awareness about the importanceof
Afghanistan's agricultural economy to its long-term security andsustainability.
He referred to last year's trilateral summit in Washington attended bypresident
Barack Obama and his Afghan and Pakistani counterparts HamidKarazi and Asi Ali
Zadari during which they agreed on a roadmap for theprogress and prosperity of
people of this region. "We, too, are here in the midst of a great challenge and
understand that generating sustained economic development in Pakistan and
Afghanistan will not be easy. But we will not be deterred." Malik said the
United States has been a generous donor to developingcountries in promoting
their economies but its assistance has failed to produce desired results. "In
this context we hear our American friends expressing frustration whypeople hate
America despite all the goodwill it has shown in helping thedeveloping
countries," Malik said. "One major reason for this state of affairs is that the
US assistance hasfailed to trickle down to real stake-holders- the
under-privileged sections of society who have become poorer over the period of
time," he said. "In order to move in the right direction, we have to acknowledge
our past mistakes and stop enriching the rich and empowering the poweful,"Malik
said adding:"People are skeptical and there is also a trust deficit as people
are not sure if the Americans would again wash off their hands, as in the past,
and leave everything high and dry." Philbrook said the United States and its
allies are determined this time not to abandon the people of this region and
would do everything to become their partners in peace and prosperity. Afghan
deputy minister Saleem Kundozi said his government's agriculturalstrategy has
three pillars; to protect and restore the environment; to growagricultural
production and productivity; and to foster agri-business to boost exports and
family income for creating new jobs on and off the farms. He underpinned the
importance of cooperation between Afghanistan andPakistan and said his country
can learn from the broader experiences ofPakistan. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 10, 2005 Thursday
                                  City Edition

U.S. won't accept beef from older Canadaian cows

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


WASHINGTON - The Agriculture Department will not allow meat from older cattle
when it expands U.S. imports of Canadian beef on March 7, Agriculture Secretary
Mike Johanns said Wednesday.

The United States had been planning on that date to reopen the border for
importing meat from animals of any age and import of live cattle younger than 30
months.

Now Johanns has instead extended the existing ban on importing older beef. The
ban on bringing in older cattle also remains in force.

A spokesman for Nebraska's largest beef organization praised Johanns' decision
later Wednesday.

Michael Kelsey, executive vice president of the Nebraska Cattlemen, said its
membership was "very agreeable" with Johanns' action. The cattlemen had been
concerned that allowing boxed beef from older animals could hurt prices for cows
sold in the United States.

The current price for cows in Canada is 18 cents per pound, Kelsey said. In the
United States, it's 55 cents, which created "the opportunity to send a lot of
cow meat down here."

Two new cases of mad cow disease turned up last month in Canada after the Bush
administration decided to reopen the border, and  some ranchers are suing to
stop trade from expanding.

Johanns said he remained confident that resuming trade in live cattle would not
harm U.S. consumers and livestock.

He directed Agriculture Department officials to start moving toward lifting all
restrictions on Canadian beef.

Wednesday's decision drew criticism from western ranchers and others who want to
keep the existing import restrictions. Sen. Tim Johnson, D-S.D., called the
decision a Band-Aid solution.

Johanns met Wednesday morning with Canadian Agriculture and Agri-Food Minister
Andrew Mitchell.

The United States banned all cattle and meat from Canada in May 2003 after the
discovery of a cow infected with mad cow disease.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Pak-US to enhance partnership in agri sector: Bosan

BYLINE: MIAN ARSHAD

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 234

LENGTH: 496  words


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research Sikandar Hayat Bosan
Monday said that his country was looking forward to enhancing its partnership
with United States in agriculture sector for improving productivity of various
crops. The US-Aid has done a great job in Pakistan enriching agriculture growth,
he said while addressing the inaugural session of annual conference on '
Agriculture innovations'. There is great potential of bilateral cooperation for
developing agriculture sector through use of latest technology.

The Conference was jointly organized by US-AID, CIMMYT and Pakistan Agriculture
Research Council. The inaugural session was also addressed by Dr, John Groarke,
Mission Director USAID-Pakistan, Dr. Martin Kropff, Director General CIMMYT and
Saeerat Asghar, Federal Secretary Ministry of National Food Security and
Research.

The conference during its two-day deliberations was scheduled to take
wide-ranging agenda, including discussion on US-Pakistan partnership, a review
on US-AID funded projects, innovations for enhanced livestock productivity,
vegetable production, interventions in perennial horticulture in Pakistan,
strengthening national agriculture research system and innovation in rice
production. The Minister further said the federal and provincial governments
have taken number steps to increase agriculture productivity and in this
connection the support of the U.S government is highly appreciable. He hoped
that the growing collaboration between the farming community and other
stakeholders will have good impact on increasing productivity.

Sikandar Bosan reiterated the government's commitment taking all possible steps
for improving the lot of agriculture community. Ensuring food security is number
one priority of the government and all possible avenues will be explored for
this purpose, he added. Federal government used to allocate billions for
agriculture in the national budget, however, following the 18th Amendment, the
resources are diverted to provinces and handed over to them to improve the
sector's performance through maximum possible investment. Bosan said that the
country has not taken advantage from the agriculture sector in accordance with
its enormous potential and added that provinces are better placed to help boost
the sector.

The minister also expressed satisfaction over the longstanding partnership
between CIMMYT and Government of Pakistan and also appreciated the launching of
projects by CIMMYT for crop improvement in Pakistan.

US-AID Mission Director said they believe their agriculture projects will
continue to contribute to the growth of Pakistan's economy.

Working together with a strong cadre of local farmers, agribusinesses and
policymakers, the United States and Pakistan's joint efforts in agriculture
development will contribute to a stronger, brighter future for all Pakistan.
Secretary Agriculture spoke about strategies to improve resources and
development in the agriculture industry.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 17, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FOOD NOTES

BYLINE: By Nancy Jenkins

SECTION: Section C; Page 4, Column 5; Living Desk

LENGTH: 922 words


LABELING FAT CONTENT

A petition calling for mandatory labeling of the fat content of processed meat
products like hot dogs and bologna has been denied by the United States
Department of Agriculture. The petition, filed in November by Public Voice for
Food and Health Policy, a Washington consumer group, had the support of a number
of national associations, including the American Heart Association.

Per-capita consumption of fat is currently 162 grams a day in the United States,
or the equivalent of about 32 teaspoons of butter, according to Public Voice.
The average American gets about 40 percent of his or her daily calories from
fat. Excess fat consumption has been linked to cardiovascular disease and some
types of cancer. The Senate Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs has
recommended that fat intake be decreased to 30 percent of dietary calories.

The Public Voice petition recommended mandatory fat labeling in grams per
serving and in overall percentages. Nancy Robinson, information director of
Agriculture Department's Food Inspection and Safety Service, said the department
had denied the petition because it felt that sort of information might be
misleading. ''Until consumers themselves are more aware of the kind of
information they can get and what fat they can get from their total intake, it's
going to be difficult for them to assess this information,'' she said.

Miss Robinson said the department believes the food industry itself is
responding to consumer demands for more nutritional labeling. However, she
added, ''We don't have a firm figure on how many processed meat and poultry
products do contain nutrition labeling, but it's less than 1 percent.''

Patricia Kelly, a spokesman for Public Voice, said, ''In essence, U.S.D.A. says
the marketplace is doing what needs to be done.'' She added that the consumer
group was not sure what its next step would be. ''But our strategy will be to
keep them on notice that we believe fat is the most important nutritional
issue.''

PREPARING BROCCOLI RABE

Broccoli rabe - or as it is sometimes called, broccoli di rape - is a vegetable
that is increasingly seen in New York markets. Similar to mustard greens,
broccoli rabe is an Italian favorite, as the name suggests.

Choose bright green, fresh and crisp-looking leaves and trim away the tough ends
of the stalks. Simmer in lightly salted water for 10 minutes or so, until
tender. Drain well and chop into half-inch lengths. The chopped vegetable can be
sauted in a little garlic-flavored olive oil and served warm, perhaps with a
dash of balsamic vinegar. For a special treat, saute broccoli rabe with garlic
and anchovies, add a dash of red pepper flakes and serve as a sauce with small
pasta shells or bows.

SEASON FOR SMELTS

Smelts are a seasonal treat for discerning fish lovers. Small, silvery and
sweet-tasting, the smelts in New York fish markets come from the Great Lakes and
from Canada. Currently smelts are $3 a pound at the Rosedale Fish and Oyster
Market, 1129 Lexington Avenue (79th Street), and $1.89 a pound at the Jefferson
Market, 455 Avenue of the Americas (10th Street).

Smelts are great favorites in Maine, where they are dip-netted from tidal brooks
by the light of a full moon when the spring tide rushes in. Maine cooks gut the
fish, roll them in cornmeal and saute them in bacon fat. When cooking them this
way, be sure to have plenty of smelts: they are as addictive as potato chips.

ETHNIC INGREDIENTS

Outside the major metropolitan areas with their clusters of ethnic
neighborhoods, it is often very difficult to find authentic, good-quality
ingredients for anything but standard American recipes. The Ethnic Pantry
Company, a mail-order house in Grayslake, Ill., is trying to fill the gap, at
least as far as the foods of India and Southeast Asia (especially Thailand and
Indonesia) are concerned. Spices range from cloves and cinnamon to such
hard-to-find items as asafetida (a spice used in Indian cuisine), lemon grass
and mango powder. The company also has condiments and other packaged
ingredients, such as basmati rice, Thai chili paste and the shrimp chips that
are part of Indonesian feasts.

The Ethnic Pantry also puts up special mail-order packages containing all the
nonfresh ingredients for a single dish or a complete dinner that serves six to
eight people.

The package for a Thai dinner, which I ordered and prepared recently, contained
ingredients for hot and sour shrimp soup, chicken curry with green beans, beef
satay with peanut sauce, cucumber salad Thai style and sticky white rice. Also
included for serving condiments were the shrimp chips, a jar of chili paste and
a jar of fish sauce (nam pla). A shopping list for the fresh ingredients and
detailed recipes and serving instructions completed the packet.

While the resulting dishes were not as hot and spicy as I remember from
Thailand, nonetheless they were acceptable and probably more to the taste of
most Americans than the often fiery native Thai cuisine. The Thai dinner package
costs $29, plus $3.50 for shipping, and there was enough to feed eight. Smaller
''minidinner pantries,'' serving four, cost $12 to $15, plus shipping.

One cavil: I wish the producer would label individual packets in the dinner
packages with the names of spices and other ingredients. It is difficult to
understand a cuisine if a spice is known only as ''packet No. 3.''

The address of the Ethnic Pantry is P.O. Box 798, Grayslake, Ill. 60030;
telephone 312-223-6660.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Adesina receives honorary doctorate degree at Purdue

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 339 words


Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, has bagged
prestigious honorary Doctor of Agriculture degree at the Purdue University, West
Lafayette, Indiana in the United States.

Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, has bagged
prestigious honorary Doctor of Agriculture degree at the Purdue University, West
Lafayette, Indiana in the United States.

The award was conferred on him during spring commencement ceremonies in the West
Lafayette campus' Elliott Hall of Music.

Adesina was one of the two awardees for honorary doctorate degree during the
ceremony, the second being William "Bill" Dudley Jr., president and CEO of the
Bechtel Group, who got Doctor of Engineering degree. Both Adesina and Dudley are
Purdue alumni.

While conferring the award on the minister, the President of Purdue University,
Mitchell Daniels Jr. paid glowing tributes to Adesina for his exemplary
performance as a minister, which earned him recognition as one of the honorees..

Earlier on Friday, Dr. Adesina was honoured in the College of Agriculture, where
he gave a lecture on lessons to learn from Nigerian Agricultural Transformation.

Dean of the college, Dr. Jay Akridge, commended the minister for deploying his
intellect into transforming agriculture and was glad that an alumnus of Purdue
lived up to their expectation.

Dr. Adesina, in his presentation to the college, underscored the importance of
inclusive growth in agriculture, which he said had taken a turn for the better
under his watch as minister.

Among the major achievements outlined by Dr. Adesina, in his presentation, were
the impact of fertiliser and other key input subsidies, reaching out to 2.5
million women farmers under the Growth Enhancement Support scheme and the
establishment of Nigerian Agricultural Payment initiative.

the introduction of near field communication system for farmers' data gathering,
growth in the number of local private sector-based foundation seed companies and
development of staple crop processing zones.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2015 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 14, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

WORLD GRAIN RESERVES MAY DROP BY MID-1981

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 13


World grain reserves may decline by mid-1981 to their lowest level in five
years, partly because of a reduced United States corn harvest this year, the
Agriculture Department said today.

Projections showed that global stocks of wheat and so-called coarse grains such
as corn and barley may be about 164.9 million metric tons, down 7 percent from
an estimated 176.7 million on hand this July 1. (A metric ton is equal to about
2,205 pounds.)

According to department statistics, that would be the lowest level of grain
stocks in the world's major producing and trading nations since 1975 and 1976,
when reserves declined to historic lows of about 119 million metric tons in each
of those two years.

Improved harvests subsequently helped rebuild stockpiles, reaching a peak of
200.9 million metric tons on July 1, 1979. But world grain use also has been
increasing and has helped squeeze the supply.

A metric ton, which is used commonly in world grain trade, is equal to 36.7
bushels of wheat, or 39.4 bushels of corn.

1980 Corn Harvest Estimate

Based on Aug. 1 conditions, the United States Agriculture Department estimated
that the 1980 corn harvest, hit severely by drought, totaled about 6.6 billion
bushels - 168.8 million metric tons - which was down sharply from prospects last
month and 14 percent below 1979 production.

Coupled with crop deteriorations in some other parts of the world from prospects
a month ago, including harvests in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, total
world grain production in 1980-81 is not as large as it had appeared, the report
said.

That has helped boost grain prices, particularly for corn and other coarse
grains. Despite the increases, the report said ''overall consumption outside the
United States is still expected to rise moderately'' in the year ahead.

The wheat and coarse grain figures do not include rice, one of the world's major
food staples. The report said the global rice outlook ''is essentially
unchanged'' from last month.

Rice production is forecast at a record of 394 million metric tons ''as
production prospects continue favorable throughout the important South and
Southeast Asian rice producing regions,'' it said.

The United States is expected to produce a record rice harvest this year,
estimated at 146.1 million, 100-pound bags, equal to more than 6.6 million
metric tons.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                June 26, 1993, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

U.S. moves on Mexican wheat sales violate trade pact, minister argues

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG


   WINNIPEG (CP) - U.S. moves to cut Canada out of the Mexican wheat market will
be challenged under the free trade agreement, but farm leaders suggest the trade
deal is toothless.

The United States agriculture department announced yesterday it will subsidize
the export of 32 billion tonnes of wheat this year. The amount includes 1.4
million tonnes aimed at undercutting Canadian wheat markets in Mexico.

"This clearly runs counter to the provisions of the FTA," Agriculture Minister
Charlie Mayer said in announcing that he would start proceedings to have the
issue dealt with under the dispute settlement mechanism.

Some farm leaders aren't impressed.

A trade panel has already ruled Canadian wheat sold to the U.S. is not unfairly
subsidized. Yet the argument of unfair Canadian subsidies is exactly what was
cited when Washington said it would use its Export Enhancement Program to sell
wheat to Mexico.

The amount of wheat covered by the subsidy is almost triple Canada's total sales
to Mexico last year.

The move has already driven down prices. The Canadian Wheat Board says top
quality grain prices could drop by as much as $21 a tonne from an expected $148
before the end of the year.

Art Macklin, president of the National Farmers Union, said the Canadian
government should "snap out of its self-induced coma" and do what is necessary
to defend farmers.

"As far as the U.S. living up to the free-trade agreement, it isn't worth the
paper it's written on," he insisted.

He said American subsidized grain is already going to China, Russia, the
Philippines and South Africa, all traditional Canadian customers.

"Mexico is simply another country to be added to that list."

Even the more moderate Prairie Pools Inc., Canada's largest grain company, said
the subsidy raises questions about just how serious Americans are about North
American free trade.

"It seems that the two are quite inconsistent," said chairman Ken Edie.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                          November 27, 2004, Saturday

Beef safety remains an issue

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 251 words


That cow wasn't mad, after all. At least, that's what the U.S. Department of
Agriculture says about an animal suspected of having the frightening
brain-wasting disease.

It would have been the second such cow found in the United States. The question
is whether other infected animals haven't been found.

Unlike Europe and Japan, the United States doesn't treat BSE (bovine spongiform
encephalopathy) all that seriously. Which is odd, because the merest possibility
that meat might spread the disease would be a devastating blow to the American
cattle industry, though possibly a boon to the medical-pharmaceutical complex.

Of course, the industry and its friends in Washington insist that they're taking
every necessary step to keep diners safe. They are indignant that anyone would
suggest otherwise.

Others would, and do.

They note that the United States still lacks a system that could track an
infected carcass back to a herd that might include other sick animals.

The United States doesn't test all animals older than 30 months, as European
countries do.

The United States keeps a lid on pertinent facts about tests on suspicious
animals.

And the Bush administration has backed away from a proposal that would have
prohibited cattlemen from feeding their herds animal products that might be
infected with BSE.

The chances that any American could contract BSE from eating beef apparently are
close to nonexistent. But it would be more reassuring if they were even closer.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2004 Star News


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

               March 9, 1994, Wednesday, DAILY: PRAIRIES EDITION

Freer trade expected to boost canola industry

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 39, West News

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: St. Louis, MO


The canola industry should see tremendous growth in the next few years because
of recent trade liberalization agreements, delegates to a joint meeting of the
U.S. and Canadian canola councils were told yesterday.

The trade agreements will lead to only slight increases in Mexican oilseed
production, allowing the large Canadian and burgeoning U.S. oilseed industries
to flourish, said Leon Mears, foreign agricultural affairs administrator for the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

And world income will grow, fuelling the consumption of canola oil and canola as
feed grain, he said.

Increased Mexican opportunities in the tropical flower, coffee and fruit markets
under the North American Free Trade Agreement and the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade should soak up land that might otherwise be used to produce
oilseeds such as canola, he said.

Mears was on a panel of experts on trade issues speaking to the first joint
meeting of the Canola Council of Canada and the U.S. Canola Association, which
ends today. The U.S. group is based in Washington, D.C. The Canadian group is
based in Winnipeg.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                       May 3, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Border might open to U.S. grain imports

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


Agriculture Minister Bill McKnight is reviewing figures on subsidies available
to Canadian and U.S. farmers, which could lead to opening the border to American
wheat and barley, spokesman Don Marsh said Thursday.

''He has received the figures and has begun to study them,'' Marsh said in an
interview. ''He's not going to be rushed.''

Under the free-trade agreement, Canada must open its border to American wheat
and barley when the subsidies for grain in both countries become equal.

Canadian and U.S. officials have calculated the subsidies based on a formula in
the free-trade agreement.

Now the figures have to be officially accepted by the two governments.

Finance Minister Don Mazankowski said last month when he was still agriculture
minister that he wasn't happy about opening the border if the subsidies were
even simply because of a statistical fluke.

The figures for 1988 and 1989 are expected to be close because of a drought in
Canada which reduced the size of the crop and made Canadian subsidies appear
high.

Mazankowski said Canada has been forced into higher subsidies because of grain
subsidies the United States has made available under its export-enhancement
program. But Canadian subsidies are much lower overall than those in the United
States, he said.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 26, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. GRAIN STOCKS PLUNGE AS BUYERS REACT TO DROUGHT

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 1, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 1752 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 25


The worst drought in half a century is causing traders, grain companies and
warehouse operators to buy record amounts of grain and soybeans from the
Government, drawing down stocks owned and managed by the Department of
Agriculture more quickly than at any time since the early 1970's.

At the current pace of sales, said the Agriculture Department, the Government's
supply of soybeans, a protein source widely used to feed livestock, could be
exhausted in July. By August, if the drought continues, wheat stocks could reach
147 million bushels, the level Congress has determined is an emergency reserve.
Even Government stocks of corn, which now total slightly less than a billion
bushels, are moving from Government storehouses at a record pace as concern
grows about the effects of the drought on the nation's grain harvest.

How long the drought continues, and how the United States Government reacts to
it, could affect the future of international relations, the fate of many
American farmers and what American citizens pay for foodstuffs ranging from
bread to beer.

Prices Soared in Past

Only twice previously, in 1949, and again from 1975 to 1977, have the
Government's grain stores been depleted. Both times, said agricultural
economists, food prices soared.

Since 1933, the Government has used its grain stocks to regulate supplies and
prices. In years of surplus, the Government accumulates grain, in effect drawing
grain from the market and stabilizing prices. In lean years, the Government
releases its stocks to the market, where they act as a reserve supply to keep
prices down.

In an interview on Friday in Washington, Secretary of Agriculture Richard E.
Lyng said he is closely watching the sales of the Government's grain and
soybeans. He said he had no intention of restricting sales, which are managed
from an Agriculture Department office in Kansas City, because it would further
tighten domestic supplies and put more pressure on commodity prices and,
eventually, food prices.

Moreover, he said, restricting sales would send the wrong signals to foreign
buyers.

''It would be a dreadful mistake to tell our foreign buyers that we would not
continue to be as reliable suppliers as we have been,'' he said.

In doing this, Mr. Lyng is making the most important decisions about the
nation's food supply since the 1970's, when the Russians secretly bought huge
amounts of wheat at bargain prices at a time when supplies in the United States
were low.

Prices Soar Since Winter

Since January, the price of soybeans has jumped from $4 a bushel to almost $10.
Corn has gone from $1.25 to $3.15, and wheat has gone up more than $1 a bushel,
to nearly $4. On July 12, the Agriculture Department will issue a report,
certain to be eagerly awaited, estimating yields for this fall's harvest.

The Government currently holds 1.8 billion bushels of grain and soybeans, 26
percent of the 7 billion bushels held in public and private storage around the
country, with the remainder owned by farmers, livestock companies, warehousemen,
food companies and traders.

But the Government's supply is being drawn down at a pace not seen for years.
From January to June 1, the Government moved 1.2 billion bushels of grain and
soybeans onto the market, an average of 57 million bushels a week. Last year, in
the same period, the Government was accumulating grain. By June 1987, stocks
reached a record 3.2 billion bushels.

In recent weeks, as the potential ramifications of the drought have become more
clear, sales have been feverish. In one week in May, 90 million bushels of grain
were sold, an amount that may have been the most the Government has ever sold in
a week, said Agriculture Department analysts. Last Tuesday, the Government sold
22 million bushels of corn, an extraordinary amount for a single day.

Sales to Russians Recalled

''From my observation, the last time grain got this active was right after the
Russian wheat sales in the 1970's,'' said Collyn Peterson, deputy director of
the Agriculture Department's Kansas City Commodity Office.

The Agriculture Department earlier this month estimated that the United States
would use 10 billion bushels of grain and soybeans and export 4.4 billion
bushels this year.

But for several years, because of the desire by the Government to bring supply
down and more in line with demand, production has fallen behind total use. The
Agriculture Department predicted that farmers this year would produce 12.5
billion bushels, including 7.3 billion bushels of corn and nearly 2 billion
bushels of soybeans.

If the drought hurts harvests of corn and soybeans as significantly as it has
already damaged crops in the northern Great Plains, the production estimates
could fall considerably. That is why the Government stocks are so important.

U.S. Wheat Stores Down

The ramifications for the world supply of food, particularly corn, wheat, and
other grains, also are important. The United States is storing 23 percent of the
world's supply of wheat, estimated at 5.5 billion bushels, the lowest since
1983.

Even before the drought became apparent, Agriculture Department analysts
estimated that stocks would fall to 4.9 billion bushels. A sharp decrease in
United States wheat harvests could reduce the world's stores to levels not seen
since the 1970's. Yet demand for wheat has been steadily increasing, and the
world is using 3.7 billion bushels a year more than it did in 1979, because of
the population increase and the increasing popularity of foods made from wheat.

A large decrease in the United States corn crop also could have global effects.
The United States has roughly 4.1 billion bushels in storage, about 73 percent
of the world's supply. Even before the drought, the Agriculture Department
predicted that stocks of corn would fall. Demand for corn, moreover, has been
rising by about 200 million bushels a year. The world will use 18.3 billion
bushels this year, according to the Agriculture Department.

Agriculture Department officials said they were worried that owners of grain
elevators and some grain companies might be speculating by buying Government
grain and holding it to see if prices move higher with the drought. They said
they are scrutinizing orders more closely to guard against buyers gaining all of
the Government's grain in any single county or region.

The Government also is considering holding emergency reserves off the market in
counties where supplies might become very tight. The action might be necessary,
they said, because Congress has urged the Agriculture Department to make stocks
of grain available to livestock producers under emergency cattle feeding
programs.

Emergency Feeding a Factor

The Government would prefer to use its own stocks for the emergency programs
because buying and shipping grain into a county could cost considerably more
than using government-owned stock already there. Mr. Lyng said Friday, however,
that the Government also is prepared to buy grain if that is necessary to
satisfy the demands of the emergency programs.

Traders assert that if the drought continues, the current pace of sales could
soon exhaust the Government's supply of soybeans, which now amounts to a slim 7
million bushels, about 2 percent of what it was a year ago when stocks reached
364 million bushels.

The Government's stock of wheat, now 270 million bushels, is a third of what it
was in June 1987 and the lowest in five years. If the drought continues and
dramatically reduces the corn harvest, the Government's stocks could also be
sharply reduced.

Years of surplus and low prices had caused farmers to turn their grain over to
the Government under the rules of Federal farm programs. By June 1987, the
Government had accumulated a record 3.2 billion bushels of grain in elevators
and warehouses across the country. Storage costs have exceeded $1.5 billion
annually since the mid-1980's. And the enormous stocks of Government grain acted
to hold prices to the lowest levels in history. Thus, until recently, the sale
of Government grain was regarded as a positive economic trend.

Balance of Payments Helped

In 1985, Congress enacted a new farm policy law designed to increase exports and
lower surplus stocks. Earlier this year, the Government predicted that American
farmers and traders would ship 145.5 million metric tons of food, including
grains, livestock and other products, overseas this year, the most since 1981
and the second-largest amount in history. Commodity exports are again one of the
bright spots in the nation's international trade picture. The nation is expected
to earn $34 billion from food exports this year, said the Department of
Agrculture, $12.5 billion more than it imports.

The drought, however, has altered the perceptions of farm economists and
traders. The run on Government stocks, which looked to be a healthy development
a month ago, began to be more troubling as dry spell turned to drought.

''Literally, over a period of two weeks, we've turned around, and now see we
could be short on some of our crops,'' said Mark Ritchie, an agriculture trade
policy analyst at the Minnesota Department of Agriculture.

And the drought does not seem to have run its course, with weekend temperatures
bringing little relief. Temperatures rose to record highs, but not in the same
places as in the last week. Because of a cold front, temperatures across the
northern Plains today were 15 to 25 degrees cooler than Friday, and most of the
records were in the Ohio Valley, with relief there expected Sunday.

Grain traders say they are optimistic about supplies and urged the Government
not to restrict sales. They point out that, in 1973, President Nixon reacted to
short supplies of soybeans by embargoing sales, principally to Japan. The action
led to enormous development of soybean acreage in South America. Argentina and
Brazil are now principal competitors of the United States, said experts.

Similarly, in 1980, President Carter halted wheat sales to the Soviet Union
after the invasion of Afghanistan. Agriculture analysts say the halt encouraged
countries in Europe and elsewhere to to increase their harvests of wheat,
hurting American exports.

So far, Mr. Lyng is receiving high marks from lawmakers of both parties for
management of the drought crisis. ''We're hoping this is a once-in- 50 years
drought,'' said Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Democrat of Vermont, and chairman of
the Senate Agriculture Committee.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Richard E. Lyng (NYT)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Arthur Graphic-Clarion (Illinois)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 16, 2011

The Importance of Ag Literacy

BYLINE: Arthur Graphic-Clarion staff

LENGTH: 822  words


March 15 marks National Agriculture Day. It falls during National Ag Week, March
13-19, 2011 a time when producers, agricultural associations, corporations,
universities, government agencies and countless others across America gather to
recognize and celebrate the abundance provided by agriculture.

Why would individuals involved in agriculture volunteer time and energy to
celebrate National Ag Day? If you're reading this, that question is probably
moot! Like you, the Agriculture Council of America and its supporters are
committed to increasing public awareness about American agriculture. As the
world population soars, there is even greater demand for the food and fiber
produced in the United States. |

The National Ag Day program believes that every American should understand how
food, fiber and renewable resource products are produced value the essential
role of agriculture in maintaining a strong economy appreciate the role
agriculture plays in providing safe, abundant and affordable products
acknowledge and consider career opportunities in the agriculture, food, fiber
and renewable resource industries.

Careers in Agriculture The most obvious careers are directly related to the farm
or ranch. But did you know that only 10 percent of Americans are involved in
traditional farming? If that is the case, then what other careers comprise the
agricultural field? There are approximately 22 million people who work in
agriculture related fields. Unlike agriculture of our grandparents' day, today's
agriculture offers over 200 rewarding and challenging careers. Career Categories
Agricultural careers may be divided into various categories. These include:

Agribusiness Management, Agricultural and Natural Resources Communications,
Building Construction Management, Agriscience, Resource Development and
Management, Parks, Recreations, and Tourism. Resources, Packaging, Horticulture,
Forestry, Food Science, and Fisheries/Wildlife.

Job Descriptions

Agribusiness Management focuses on the managerial functions performed by
organizations throughout the food system. Sample job titles: Commodity Trader,
Agricultural Production Specialist, Purchasing Manager, Financial Manager, Farm
Owner and Manager, and Wholesale/Retail Buyer Manufacturing Manager.

Agricultural and Natural Resources Communications focuses on careers in
journalism, public relations, and advertising/marketing. Sample job titles:
Marketing Communications Manager, District Sales Representatives, Advertising
Manager, Reporter, Editor, and Account Manager.

Building Construction Management focuses on land development and structural
buildings. Sample job titles: Project Manager, Estimator, Construction
Scheduler, Controller, Purchasing Agent, Site Manager, Field Engineer, Land
Developer, and Real Estate Appraiser.

Agriscience provides a foundation for careers in agricultural and natural
resources industries. Sample job titles: Agriscience Educator, Extension
Educator, Farmer, and Human Resource Director.

Resource Development and Management focuses on policy analysis, planning,
evaluation, budgeting, and program management. Sample job titles: Environmental
Analyst, Environmental Planner, Solid Waste Coordinator, Water Resource
Specialist, and Economic Development Specialist.

Parks, Recreation and Tourism Resources focuses on planning and managing
programs, areas, and facilities that are designed to meet people's leisure needs
and enhance quality of life. Sample job titles: Park Ranger,
Interpreter/Naturalist, Environmental Educator, Travel and Convention Planner,
Youth Program Director, Camp Counselor, Park and Recreation Director, and
Tourism Consultant.

Packaging focusing on food packaging, health care and pharmaceutical packaging,
and industrial packaging. Sample job titles: Packaging Engineer, Quality Control
Coordinator, Laboratory Manager, and Package Designer.

Horticulture focuses on the science and art concerned with culture, marketing,
and utilization of high value, intensively cultivated fruits, flowers,
vegetables, and ornamental plants. Sample job titles: Retail Manager, Landscape
Designer, Entrepreneur, Florist, Contractor, Nursery Grower, and Nursery Stock
Buyer.

Forestry focuses on the science and art of managing natural resources that occur
on forest lands. Sample job titles: Forester, Forest Ranger, Consulting
Forester, District Ranger, Arborist, Naturalist, Timber Buyer, and Forest
Nursery Manager.

Food Science focuses on the development of new foods, investigation of new
production and processing methods, and research ways to insure a safe,
nutritious and economical food supply. Sample job titles: Food Technician,
Laboratory Technician, Food Chemist, and Quality Control Manager. Fisheries and
Wildlife focuses on environmental management, conservation, and wildlife ecology
and management. Sample job titles: Land Management Specialist, Water Quality
Specialist, Habitat Specialist, and Fish Hatchery Manager.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AGC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2011 The Arthur Graphic-Clarion


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 1, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Meat Inspection Case

SECTION: Section A; Page 28; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 140 words



To the Editor:

Re "A Threat to Meat Inspection" (editorial, May 26):

Regarding the case of Supreme Beef Processors v. United States Department of
Agriculture, you assert that Judge A. Joe Fish's decision rejecting the
government's use of salmonella sampling in ground beef undermines food safety.
This is nonsense. This case was never about food safety. If the standard was
relevant to reducing food-borne illness, all meat products would be subject to
the identical standard.

The Agriculture Department uses one standard for ground beef, while poultry
products are allowed almost six times more salmonella-positives. There is no
standard for pork or sausage. We hope that this decision encourages reform of
this useless policy.

STEVEN F. SPIRITAS
President and Chairman
Supreme Beef Processors
Dallas, May 26, 2000

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

RP Senate trashes Bolante plea for asylum before US legal chief

BYLINE: Francis Y. Capistrano

SECTION: Pg. S1/12

LENGTH: 380 words


The Senate agriculture committee has sent to the United States Attorney General
a declaration opposing the application of former Agriculture Secretary Jocelyn
Bolante for political asylum.

In the declaration sent to Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales on August 8
through the United States Embassy in the Philippines, agriculture committee
chairman Senator Ramon B. Magsaysay, Jr. said Mr. Bolante's plea "is a
prostitution of a right known as asylum."

"Let it be made on record that the applicant, Mr. Bolante, fled the Philippines
for fear that he will be prosecuted - not persecuted - over serious illegal and
criminal activities committed in relation to malversation and plunder of public
funds," he said.

Mr. Bolante was cited for contempt by the agriculture committee after failing to
appear, despite being issued subpoenas, in any of its six hearings on the
alleged misuse of the Agriculture department's funds for fertilizers, worth
around P728 million.

The committee named Mr. Bolante as the "chief architect" behind the so-called
fertilizer fund scam.

In the declaration, Mr. Magsaysay argued that Mr. Bolante could not be
considered a "refugee," under US immigration laws, who may avail of asylum for
persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a
particular social group, or political opinion.

"Former Undersecretary Bolante is not an enemy of the incumbent administration.
On the contrary, he enjoys the special protection of the present leadership," he
said.

He also said he believes that the American government will not provide asylum
and will enforce its Presidential Proclamation 7750 - the "No Safe Haven" policy
- which suspends the entry of persons who are engaged in or who benefited from
corruption.

The declaration also contains a summary of the findings of the agriculture
committee. The said findings, pointing to misuse of such funds in the run-up to
the 2004 presidential elections, were based mostly on Audit commission reports,
he noted.

During a press conference, Mr. Magsaysay told reporters they made the
declaration upon the advice of their legal counsels, some of which are Filipino
immigration lawyers practicing in the United States.

He said he believes that the US justice system will be fair if it would be
informed of the facts.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                               May 6, 1991 Monday

MARKET MASHED"Prince Edward Island farmers have been   the victims of an
invisible virus that is costing   them hundreds of thousands of dollars and
threatening their $120-million-a-year industry   Huge PEI potato crop heading
for compost

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: Charlottetown PE


BY KEVIN COX
Atlantic Bureau
  Charlottetown
 PRINCE Edward Island farmers Neil MacFadyen and Jim Ross have some of the
best potatoes in the country in their warehouses - but the spuds are
headed to the compost heap instead of the supermarket.

The men are among several Island farmers being paid more than $9-
million by the federal and PEI governments to dump 25,000 tonnes of
marketable potatoes in large compost heaps, in a bid to shore up low
prices and end an international squabble over an invisible virus
threatening the province's $120-million-a-year potato industry.

There have been suggestions from federal Department of Agriculture
officials and the National Farmers Union that the potatoes, suspected of
carrying the mysterious potato virus Y necrotic (PVY-n) - harmless to
humans but deadly to tobacco, tomatoes and peppers - be either sold on
Canadian markets or sent overseas as food aid.

PEI Agriculture Minister Keith Milligan acknowledges that the disposal
project can be considered wasteful in a world where thousands of people
are starving, but he said in an interview that neither the province nor
the farmers can afford to ship the potatoes to Canadian food banks or to
needy nations.

"I agree that there are people out there who would love to have these
potatoes to eat but we have to safeguard our marketplace and we have to
safeguard our agricultural community," he said.

Mr. Milligan said the composting of the potatoes, a rigid inspection
system and a ban on growing potatoes in home gardens are needed to
eliminate a poorly understood virus that has given the Island's world-
famous spuds a bad name.

"We've had people calling in blaming miscarriages on this, people
saying the flu epidemic in Cape Breton was caused by PVY-n," the minister
said. "The only way to ensure that we send a very positive message out to
the people who consume PEI potatoes is that none of these potatoes are
going to the market. They're going to the compost heap."

Mr. Milligan is trying to protect the province from a repetition of the
ban imposed by the United States on PEI seed potatoes in January after
samples from several fields on PEI and a few in New Brunswick showed the
potato virus.

The ban, which many Canadian growers believe was prompted by U.S.
growers trying to keep out Canadian competition rather than by concern
about the virus, was eased in February to allow growers in western PEI and
New Brunswick to ship seed potatoes to the United States. But by then the
700 seed-potato growers estimate they had lost $65-million in U.S.
contracts.

Many diverted their spuds for sale on the consumer market, which then
became glutted. Prices have dropped to $2 from $3.50 for a 23-kilogram bag
in the past three months.

To ensure that the United States will not be able to ban Canadian
potatoes again because of the virus, the province ordered the composting
of all the potatoes of the Atlantic variety (which was most affected by
the virus) and those that were grown near them - the production from about
1,760 hectares.

The National Farmers Union asked the federal Agriculture Department,
about a month before the U.S. ban, to ship about 6,000 tonnes of potatoes
suspected of having the virus to the Soviet Union, where the potato
harvest had been swamped by heavy rains.

"With all the people standing in the food lines, we thought a humane
gesture prior to Christmas would have been to send these potatoes over and
get them out of the marketplace," said James Rodd, a Charlottetown-area
potato farmer and NFU regional director. "But we were told by Agriculture
Canada that it would involve too much diplomatic and bureaucratic
wrangling."

The NFU and the PEI Potato Producers Association want a public inquiry
into the secretive way in which the federal department went about slapping
quarantine orders on several farms, preventing them from selling their
potatoes but refusing to give information about the reasons for the
quarantine.

Mr. Rodd said that when his farm was put under quarantine in October he
did not even know what PVY-n virus was, but that an Agriculture Department
inspector warned him not to publicize the quarantine order.

"An inspector sat in this kitchen and told me 'For God's sake, Jim,
don't go to the media with this, it will destroy our markets,' " Mr. Rodd
recalled angrily. "Now the whole damn world knows about this and I was
told not to tell the media. . . . They isolated us and didn't give us any
information."

The disease was first spotted on potatoes last summer by a federal
agriculture researcher at London, Ont., and inspections of fields later in
the year confirmed those findings. Agriculture Canada officials have
insisted that they told the U.S. Department of Agriculture about the
problem in September, but growers knew little about the issue until the
United States imposed the ban in January.

Mr. Rodd, who will be dumping his crop in a compost heap next week,
said he will likely lose $50,000.

Mr. MacFadyen, standing in front of two bins of potatoes heading for
the compost heap instead of a U.S. seed buyer, said his family farm will
lose about $90,000 because of the ban.

Ronald MacKinlay, a potato farmer who also is a member of the PEI
Legislature, said many farmers in his area are in financial trouble
because of their losses on last year's crop. He estimated that the drop in
potato prices and the ban is costing the industry $100,000 a day.

"Some of these farmers are in desperate financial shape," he said.
"You've got a farmer with a contract to sell potatoes for seed for $95,000
and he has to sell it at $22,000. Bankers are getting worried and they are
looking at how secure the market is going to be next year."
With reporting from Charles Duerden

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      July 16, 1993, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Floods may wipe out US$2B in crops

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The disastrous summer flood covering much of the Midwest will cause some US$2
billion in corn and soybean losses and ruin up to three million hectares of
crops, U.S. officials and economists said yesterday.

''Six to eight million acres of crops are under water, and we expect that most
of that will be a total loss,'' said Randy Weber, chief of the Agriculture
Department's Agriculture Stabilization and Conservation Service.

Norwest Corp. economist Sung Won Sohn estimated total crop damage in the five
states hardest hit by the wet weather at US$1.94 billion.

Sohn said Iowa would lose 20% of its soybeans and 10% of its corn for a total of
US$785 million.

Total damage and losses caused by the flood could approach US$5 billion, White
House budget director Leon Panetta said.

Weber said the lost acreage would be divided fairly evenly between corn and
soybeans.

''That area is essentially 50-50 corn and soybeans,'' he said after a briefing
with President Bill Clinton on the flood. ''With that amount of time it's been
under water you would have to believe that it would be lost.''

Farm state lawmakers have estimated that affected farmers could get disaster
relief worth less than US25 cents for each dollar of losses.

U.S. Rep. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., said disaster aid would not be a windfall for
farmers because of provisions built into the aid program.

Losses are covered only if they exceed a threshold - a 35% or 40% loss - and
payments are calculated at two-thirds of a set price.

Under Clinton's disaster-relief plan, payments would be reduced further to
maintain parity with 1992 flood payment rates and to spread out the available
money to a larger coverage group.

As a result, Roberts said, farmers will get 21% to 24% of losses - ''a quarter
on the dollar.''


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 21, 1989 Tuesday

REPORT ON CANADA - U.S. TRADE   Filling FTA gaps poses formidable task for
negotiators

BYLINE: JENNIFER LEWINGTON; GAM

LENGTH: 958 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  JENNIFER LEWINGTON
 The Globe and Mail
  WASHINGTON
   For all that it covers, the Canada -U.S. free-trade agreement sets
aside significant sectors and issues as unfinished business for later - if
ever.

So far, no one is in a hurry to fill in the great gaps. Just as in the
difficult negotiations for the deal, which took effect last January,
regional politics and ideological differences stand in the way of a more
complete agreement.

'Of the issues that were most politically painful, 90 per cent didn't  get dealt
with,' says William Merkin, a former U.S. negotiator in the  bilateral trade
talks, even as he defends the accord's scope in other  areas.

In dollar terms, agriculture - with a few exceptions - and
transportation are the two most important sectors left outside the pact.
In other sectors such as Canadian culture and issues such as intellectual
property, trade law protection and Canadian review of foreign takeovers,
the economic impact is real - but more difficult to assess.

In agriculture, with two-way trade of $7-billion, (Canada runs a $1-
billion deficit), the United States had ambitious goals to eliminate
Canada's supply-management practices and other production and price
controls. Canadian negotiators had their hit-list too, including U.S.
export subsidies in competitive markets.

In the end, neither side made much of a dent in the other's practices
because of the near-impossibility of making trade-offs within one
politically sensitive sector. They did agree not to subsidize exports to
each other's markets with the hope, though without any formal pledge, that
they would minimize the use of competitive government subsidies on exports
to third countries.

However, the United States won Canada's agreement to eliminate import
licences on wheat, barley and oats 'when U.S. grain support levels become
equal to grain support levels in Canada.' But some western Canadian grain
producers regard this change as the thin edge of the wedge for a broader
U.S. assault on the Canadian Wheat Board.

The United States, with its powerful private grain industry, sees the
federal wheat agency as a competitive threat, with its broad power to
restrict imports and sell in volume for the export market. However, on
these and other trade disagreements in agriculture, the two countries will
thrash out their differences in the current Uruguay Round of multilateral
trade talks. The United States contends that agricultural reforms are
central to the success of the Uruguay Round, scheduled to conclude in
1991.

In theory, multilateral negotiations are a forum for all countries to
lift their worst protectionist practices at the same time. But the
regional politics of agriculture, along with the deep philosophical
differences between the United States, Canada and the European Community,
means that any breakthrough on agriculture at the Uruguay Round will come
at some pain.

'It's extremely important that agriculture be covered,' says  Washington trade
lawyer Jean Anderson, another former U.S. negotiator in  the bilateral talks.
She argues that it would have been 'counter-  productive' for the two sides to
eliminate their agricultural subsidies  in the bilateral talks. But a successful
agreement on farm subsidies in  the Uruguay Round, she predicts, 'sets the stage
for the two (Canada and  the United States) to do more bilaterally on
agriculture.'     Even with the trade pact, the two countries have been unable
to solve a  number of thorny sectoral irritants such as Canadian restrictions on
alcoholic beverages, grade labelling of certain fruits and vegetables and  U.S.
wool tariffs. Other issues, such as U.S. barriers to imports of  Canadian pork
and sugar-containing products and Canadian import quotas on  U.S. ice cream and
yogurt, are outside the agreement and no closer to  settlement.

In contrast to agriculture, transportation was swept completely from
the negotiating table by U.S. officials at the behest of a strong U.S.
maritime lobby uneasy about unfettered competition from Canadian ship
operators on the Great Lakes. When the U.S. maritime lobby won exclusion
from the pact, discussion about air and trucking ended because Canada
wanted all-or-nothing coverage of the transportation sector. Canada would
like to update the 1966 bilateral air agreement, amended in 1974 and 1984,
but there are no imminent prospects for such talks. Similarly, the two
sides have disagreements over some trucking issues but these are not
covered by the deal.

For the future, one of the most important sectors ignored by the
bilateral deal is intellectual property - an umbrella phrase for rules to
protect ideas through patent, copyright and other licences.

'The omission of intellectual property is extremely important,' says  Ms
Anderson, now a trade lawyer at Weil Gotshal Manges in Washington. 'As  trade
barriers come down, protection of intellectual property rights will  be more
important,' she says, as countries try to gain a competitive edge  with
high-technology exports. As in agriculture, new bilateral rules in  intellectual
property will be established, if at all, through the Uruguay  Round.

Unlike some of its unfinished business, the bilateral deal makes
explicit provision for further negotiations on subsidy and countervail
rules in the two countries. In theory, bilateral negotiators have until
1994, or 1996 at the latest, to reach a common understanding on subsidies
so as to reduce trade complaints on both sides of the border.

Here, as on other issues, the timetable is shaped more by hope than
reality. The two countries named their representatives for the subsidy
talks by September, with their first major discussion this month, but the
real work will not come until they see what is produced on the subsidy
debate in the Uruguay Round.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by November 25, 2016
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725-17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service



 Title: Importation of Papaya from Colombia and Ecuador.



 OMB Control Number: 0579-0358.



 Summary of Collection: Under the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.),
the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to carry out operations or measures
to detect, eradicate, suppress, control, prevent, or retard the spread of plant
pests new to the United States or not known to be widely distributed throughout
the United States. The regulations in  "Subpart-Fruits and Vegetables" (7 CFR
319.56), prohibits or restrict the importation of fruits and vegetables into the
United States from certain parts of the world to prevent the introduction and
dissemination of plant pests that are new to or not widely distributed within
the United States.



 Need and Use of the Information: The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
(APHIS) regulations allow, under certain conditions, the importation of
commercial shipments of fresh papaya from Colombia and Ecuador into the
continental United States. These conditions for importation of papaya from
Colombia and Ecuador include, but are not limited to, phytosanitary
certificates, fruit fly trapping, trapping recordkeeping, grower registration
and reinstatement of growers. Falling to collect this information would cripple
APHIS' ability to ensure that papaya from Colombia and Ecuador are not carrying
fruit flies.



 Description of Respondents: Federal Government; Business or other for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 158.



 Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 371.

 Ruth Brown,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-25740 Filed 10-24-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-34-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   January 16, 1986, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. farm chief faces big chill Block begins Canadian visit after sharpening
sales weapons

BYLINE: By Alex Binkley Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E24

LENGTH: 644 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - U.S. Agriculture Secretary John Block faces a chilly reception when
he arrives in Ottawa today on an official visit, and it won't be just because of
the Arctic cold that has invaded the city.

Measures he announced earlier this week for U.S. corn, grain and oilseed
producers will be a stiff blow to hard-pressed Canadian farmers.

"It's about the worst possible policy he could have put in place," Douglas
Mutch, an economist with the Livestock Feed Board of Canada, said in an
interview.

Dampening effect

Clay Gilson, a University of Manitoba agricultural economist, said Block's moves
will have a dampening effect on already low world grain prices.

Gary Moore, of the federal Grain Marketing Bureau, said there is a potential for
wheat prices to fall by 20 per cent to 30 per cent this year and remain at that
low level through 1987 unless demand picks up or bad weather disrupts world
harvests.

Block's visit is puzzling because he has resigned and will leave the agriculture
secretary's post once a successor is chosen.

He was supposed to come late last year but cancelled his visit to work on
getting a new U.S. farm bill approved by Congress. The bill determines a variety
of federal supports and programs for U.S. farmers.

Provisions in that bill have Canadian producers and marketers worried.

At the agriculture outlook conference in Ottawa last month, agriculture
department economists predicted a drop of 5 to 10 per cent in world wheat prices
in 1986 and a similar drop in 1987 because of large world stocks and lower U.S.
export prices.

Those lower prices are the result of Block's slashing of so-called loan rates on
wheat, corn, feed grains and oilseeds as much as he could. The loan rates act as
a kind of floor price for U.S. grains and by lowering them, the U.S. hopes to
sell its stockpile of grains and oilseeds.

The new loan rates come into effect for the crops that will be harvested in the
United States this summer, but already they have started to pull prices down.

Block has cushioned the impact on U.S. farmers by freezing so-called target
prices for grains, corn and oilseeds at existing levels. That means the U.S.
treasury will subsidize farmers for the difference between the export price and
target price.

Mutch of the Livestock Feed Board said the lower grain prices are going to put
even more pressure on Canadian farmers to reduce their operating costs and debt
loads if they are going to remain in business.

The U.S. move further raises the risk of an all-out agricultural trade war
between the United States and the European Community. Such a battle would
further depress sagging world commodity prices and harm farmers in countries
such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand who don't have access to the
government subsidies American and European producers do.

Gilson said Block "is sending signals that the United States is dead serious
about regaining its share of the world marketplace."

The United States says it has been elbowed out of many traditional overseas
markets for its food products by heavily subsidized European products.

John Morriss, a spokesman for the Canadian Wheat Board, said there is no
evidence that lower prices alone will enable the Americans to sell their grain
stockpile.

Copies Europeans

Its action is more like a copy of European policies and has "nothing to do with
free-market economics."

He said the board won't comment publicly on what it thinks will be the impact of
Block's moves on world grain prices because the board is trying to sell grain
and doesn't want to give away any of its marketing strategy.

Canadian farmers looking for some guidance on what to plant this spring in light
of the U.S. action will likely have to wait until March or April when Wheat
Board Minister Charles Mayer announces initial grain prices.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Block

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            June 14, 2003, Saturday

RETHINK ON UNITED STATES HERD FORECASTS

BYLINE: FARMING LIFE REPORTER

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 281 words


DELAYED rebuilding of the US cattle herd and lighter average carcase weights
have been factored into the latest United States Department of Agriculture
forecast for the country's beef production.

This forecast is for 11.9 million tonnes (carcase weight) in 2003, down only
three per cent on last year's record level and one per cent higher than forecast
in January.

The USDA predicts stabilisation of the the country's cattle herd, and subsequent
female cattle retention will be dependent on an improvement of moisture and
forage conditions, expected in the forthcoming US spring and summer.

Similar to the Australia and Canada, drought, and subsequent tight forage
supplies, have hindered the US herd in entering a rebuilding phase.

As a result of the drought and severe winter weather, cow slaughter was up five
per cent from last year in the year to May, consisting of a five per cent
increase in both dairy cows and beef cow slaughter.

Beef cow slaughter is forecast to decline below year-ago levels in the US summer
and even more in the US autumn if favourable forage conditions eventuate.

Total cow slaughter averaged 5.75 million head over the past three years, with
the USDA forecasting this to fall by seven per cent, to 5.35 million head in
2004, with producers retaining heifers and cows for rebuilding.

US beef production is forecast to approach last year's level in the latter half
of 2003, totalling 6.3 million tonnes (cw) with an increase in cattle slaughter
offsetting the lower average carcase weights. Early ('current') marketing by
cattle feeders, and increased cow slaughter, have contributed to the lighter
average carcase weights.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 28, 1991 Saturday

Virus detected in U.S. potatoes

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 175 words


The virus that has devastated the seed potato industry in Prince Edward
Island has been detected in a shipment of potatoes imported into
Saskatchewan from the United States, Agriculture Canada says.

The discovery was the result of routine testing, the department said.

"It was a small shipment of early table potatoes that came into Canada
in June," said Agriculture Canada spokesman Ian McDonell. "These potatoes,
as such, don't pose any risk to Canada."

There is no risk, he explained, because they were not seed potatoes.

The PVY-n virus, however, has yet to be found in the United States, he
said.

The virus has no effect on potatoes, but can endanger tobacco, pepper
and tomato crops. It does not pose a risk to human health.

To date, the virus has been identified in potatoes in PEI, New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Quebec and Ontario. It has led to a virtual North
America-wide band on PEI seed potatoes.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has been notified of the
Saskatchewan shipment and is investigating the source of the potatoes,
Agriculture Canada said.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 22, 1990, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. Farm exports rise but imports keep pace

BYLINE: United Press International

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


The U.S. exported a record US$40.2 billion (C$46.9 billion) in farm products in
fiscal 1990 but also posted record farm imports due to the American taste for
foreign wine, beer, meat, fruits and vegetables, the government said yesterday.

Even with the US$22.5 billion in imports - up US$1 billion from the preceding
year - agriculture is a bright spot in the U.S. trade picture with a trade
surplus of US$17.7 billion, the Agriculture Department said. The surplus was
US$18.2 billion in fiscal 1989.

Exports occupy an important position in the farm economy, providing about 20% of
cash receipts to farmers.

''Fiscal 1990 exports edged up 1% from the previous year to almost US$40.2
billion,'' the department said in its first report on results of the fiscal year
that ended Sept. 30, 1990.

The export figure was slightly higher than the US$40-billion total forecast last
August. Exports have climbed for the past four years, boosted by world demand
for U.S. grain plus additional sales of cotton, tobacco, livestock products,
fruits and vegetables.

Increased imports of so-called competitive products, items such as fruit,
vegetables and wine that also are produced by U.S. farmers, accounted for the
higher import figure.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 11, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

EROSION-WARY FARMERS ARE SPURNING THE TRADITIONAL PLOW

BYLINE: By JAMES P. STERBA

SECTION: Section C; Page 1, Column 2; Science Desk

LENGTH: 1352 words


SPRING plowing has long ranked alongside the return of the robin, Mother's Day,
April showers and June brides as a symbol of the American heartland's annual
renewal. No more. The moldboard plow, traditionally used to prepare cropland for
planting, has become a costly villain blamed for alarming rates of erosion of
precious farm belt topsoil, and farmers are abandoning it in droves.

This year, soil conservationists with the United States Department of
Agriculture estimate that one-fourth of the nation's cropland will not be
plowed. Instead, a growing minority of farmers are turning to a variety of field
preparation techniques called ''conservation tillage'' by advocates, ''trash
farming'' by traditionalists and ''chemical plowing'' by some environmentalists.

The new techniques range from minimum tillage, in which the soil is churned
lightly with disks and harrows, to ''no-till,'' which involves virtually no
disturbance of the soil before seeding. The idea is to retain a blanket of
plants or plant residues on the surface to hold the soil against water and wind
erosion. Chemical herbicides are used as the plow's replacement in controlling
weeds and soil-covering plants such as clover so that crops have room to grow.

Not that farmers have become born-again soil-saving conservationists. Plowing
may open soil to erosion, but it also loosens, warms and dries the ground for
planting. Besides, plowed fields look clean and neat - traditional evidence of
hard work. But that evidence has gotten expensive. As usual, economics is the
main motivating force: not plowing has become cheaper than plowing.

''After a slow start, these techniques have really taken an upswing in the last
three years as fuel got more expensive and crop prices dropped,'' said Arnold
King, a tillage specialist with the agriculture department's Soil Conservation
Service.

''You can't pick up a farm magazine without finding articles on the virtues of
minimum-till and no-till,'' he said. ''Chemical companies are producing better
herbicides. Implement companies are making more of the right equipment. County
extension agents are getting more information on it out to the farmers. And
those farmers who have tried it and made it work are almost evangelistic about
it.''

Agronomists with the agriculture department's Soil Conservation Service
estimated in an annual spring survey that some form of conservation tillage
would be practiced this year on more than 106 million of the nation's 413
million acres of cropland, much of it in areas of the farm belt where erosion is
most severe.

Although this is only a 7.4-million-acre increase over last year, it is three
and a half times more than the 29.6 million acres spared from the plow in 1972,
when the survey began, and enough to lead many soil conservationists to believe
that the gradual retirement of the plow is a trend that the majority of the
nation's farmers may no longer be able to resist.

Many farmers remain reluctant, however, not only because reduced tillage is new
but because, in general, it requires more attention and careful management to
produce the same crop yields as from conventional tillage. For example, seeding
and the applications of herbicides and fertilizer must be more carefully timed.

''Farmers are not going straight from plowing to complete notillage farming,''
said Frank Leffiter, editor of the No-Till Farmer, a magazine dedicated to the
demise of the plow. ''They are still very conservative. The big boom has been in
the in-between steps of conservation tillage. They are trying things one step at
at a time.''

After decades of covering over the loss of topsoil nutrients by simply adding
more and more chemical fertilizers to sustain and increase crop yields,
substantial numbers of farmers are now paying more than lip service to the soil
conservation ethic. This is partly because many of them fear that if they don't
control erosion voluntarily, Federal and state governments will move to adopt
laws requiring erosion control practices, according to agronomists.

With farm profits squeezed by the current recession to their lowest levels since
the 1930's, farmers are less reluctant to try anything new.

''When you consider that it took about 30 years from its development to get most
of the country's farmers to use hybrid corn, then I think we're making real
progress with tillage reduction,'' said Glover Triplett, a professor of agronomy
at the Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center in Wooster, who has
been advocating conservation tillage since 1960.

E.H. Faulkner, a county extension agent in Ohio, was a much earlier advocate. In
his book, ''Plowman's Folly,'' published in 1943, he asserted that ''no one has
ever advanced a scientific reason for plowing.'' That phrase became the motto of
No-Till Farmer.

''What did Faulkner in is was weeds,'' said Professor Triplett.  ''Now I think
we have put the tools together to make this thing work. We're substituting
chemicals for tillage in controlling weeds. This means farmers don't have to run
their equipment over their fields as many times. That saves fuel and labor. And,
of course, we're saving soil.''

Pierre Crosson, a senior fellow of Resources for the Future, a nonprofit
Washington research group, estimates that by the end of the century one-half to
two-thirds of the nation's cropland will not be plowed. ''And most people think
my figures are conservative,'' he said.

''It does have a cost advantage on the order of 5 to 10 percent, primarily in
labor and fuel savings and also because smaller machinery is required,'' he
said. ''But in some places, it just won't work. Either the ground is too wet or
you can't control the weeds.  Or, in the north, the ground is too cold and seeds
won't always germinate.''

The conservation-tillage movement has put environmentalists in something of a
quandary. While many of them have criticized farmers for allowing precious
topsoil to wash or blow away, they are equally opposed to the use of the
chemicals that farmers are turning to to save their soil.

''Their problem,'' said Mr. Leffiter, ''is that they don't understand that
farmers use a lot of herbicides and pesticides already. By going to no-till,
there is actually less chemical runoff because plant residues and cover crops
hold things in place. There is less soil being lost and less chemical runoff.''

Because it requires use of more herbicides but smaller machinery, the no-plow
technology is viewed as a boon to chemical companies, which are among its chief
promoters.

''I tell farmers they can save soil, toil and oil,'' said Richard H. Foell, who
promotes herbicides, particularly paraquat, for the Ortho Agricultural Chemical
Division of the Chevron Corporation. ''We are looking for a 15 to 25 percent
annual growth rate in no-till acreage. It has an excellent hold in the
Northeast. It is growing fastest in the Southeast. Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and
Michigan are coming along. But in the farm belt west of there, I continue to
argue that farmers are scraping, ripping, tearing and raping the bosom of mother
earth.''

For many years, most large farm implement manufacturers were reluctant to
embrace conservation tillage. Like Detroit's auto makers, they had been
promoting bigger, more expensive tractors and machinery which conservation
tillage farmers do not need.

William Fogarty, editor of Implement and Tractor Magazine, said that during the
current farm belt slump, machinery sales have plummeted.

''But,'' he added, ''if anything is selling well out there, it is the no-till
planter. And if dealers resist selling minimum tillage machinery, they're fools
because more and more farmers want it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: chart photo of minimum-tillage planter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                               May 9, 2004 Sunday

Scent can aid bonding between mother, child; Certain smells can take us back

BYLINE: KURT ULLRICH

SECTION: Opinion; Pg. a17

LENGTH: 645 words


Cows are still dropping their newborn calves on verdant hillsides near my home.
Here in the Midwest we're coming to the end of a calving season, which, for
some, began in February. According to the United States Department of
Agriculture there are almost 95 million cows in the United States. Consequently,
hundreds of thousands of newborn calves make their debut here in the Midwest
every spring.

A cow giving birth might be a common occurrence, but to me it's extraordinary.
The first time I witnessed the birth of a calf I was drawn into an earthy,
pastoral scene. And I was humbled by the mother's ability to do it alone. It was
many years ago on a cold night in an old barn in central Iowa and, while the
actual birth was textbook, what I recall was the steam rising from the heaving,
wet body of the newborn as he lay on top of piled hay. And I recall a smell, a
not unpleasant mixture of body heat, hay, offal, and moisture.

Throw into this mix the musk of perspiration and the ancient hint of milk and
what you've got is the smell of mammalian life at its most fundamental. It's a
wild animal smell, an odor not all that far removed from our own odors as human
beings. We simply bathe more often and use other smells as cover. The sense of
smell is important to most animals and masking the peculiar odors of fellow
creatures would be unwise and possibly lethal.

Ask any cattle farmer; mother cows can pick their babies out of a crowd simply
by the smell of them. And, like mothers everywhere, cows are very attached to
their young.

Somewhere along the evolutionary path we Homo sapiens lost our ability to pick
out loved ones by smell, which might be just as well. However, it's a vital part
of how we view the world. The sense of smell mixed with equal parts memory and
dreams can be a powerful, emotional thing. Certain smells can take us back to a
different place, a different time. A smell is often a ticket to ride the great
arrow of time to places long gone, places that steadfastly defy physics, logic
and our own ability to be rational.

Although my mother died many years ago, often when I think of her I realize the
memory has been triggered by the ghost of a fragrance. It was a mixture of
jasmine and sandalwood called Chanel No. 5, concocted in the 1920s for Coco
Chanel. These days in any semi-formal crowd of people I invariably pick up a
scent of the ubiquitous stuff. According to people who keep track of such
things, a bottle of No. 5 is sold somewhere in the world every 30 seconds. What
I smell is the scent of my mother coming from someone else who dabbed some No. 5
where she wants to be kissed, perhaps just below the ears on the soft part of
the neck. For my mother Chanel No. 5 was a precious scent, to be worn sparingly
and judiciously. She had neither fancy jewelry nor stylish clothing but she had
her Chanel, and it was only for special occasions, church services, visits to
relatives.

When asked what she wanted for Christmas she would invariably say Chanel No. 5,
and as children we'd gather our coins, walk to a local drugstore and purchase
what probably amounted to an ounce and a half in an attractive, small glass
bottle. Some say good perfume smells a little different on each woman. Maybe. I
just know that Chanel reminds me of my mother.

This time of year the green hillsides are dotted with beautiful baby calves
lying comfortably near their mothers, connecting in that special way known only
to mothers and their babies. And every once in a while I'll catch a whiff of
something that, for me, represents a similar connection. It's the smell of a
perfume once worn by a woman I miss. It's a smell that ignores time's arrow,
bypasses illness and death, and reminds me of why these things are important.

Ullrich lives near Maquoketa, Iowa. Readers may send him e-mail in care of
THOnline@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                           October 8, 2003 Wednesday

USA soybean crop conditions worsen

SECTION: Front Page

LENGTH: 87 words

DATELINE: Sao Paulo, 10/08/2003

Never, since 1988, has the soybean crop in the United States had it so bad. In
that year, the drought was devastating. A report of the United States Department
of Agriculture (USDA) indicates that only 38% is in condition considered good to
excellent.  A survey conducted by this newspaper shows that such low percentages
of good conditions was last registered 15 years ago, when a severe drought
caused 23% of the American crops to be in this situation. (Lucia Kassai, Gazeta
Mercantil - Translated by James Bruce)

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 InvestNews S.A.


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            January 4, 2005 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Exports will resume despite mad cow case: 'Minimal risk' country

BYLINE: Daniel Goldstein, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 445  words


Canada's second case of mad cow disease doesn't alter the U.S. plan to resume
cattle imports from that country in March, the Agriculture Department said.

The case will not affect the recognition of Canada as a country with "minimal
risk" for the disease, Ron DeHaven, chief of the USDA's Animal & Plant Health
Inspection Service, said in an e-mail from Washington. The United States last
week said it would accept exports of younger cattle from Canada as of March 7,
easing a ban imposed 19 months ago after the country's first case of mad cow was
found in Alberta.

Protective measures by Canada and the United States "provide the utmost
protections to U.S. consumers and livestock," Mr. DeHaven said. The United
States found its first and only confirmed case of mad cow disease, or bovine
spongiform encephalopathy, in December, 2003, in a cow that had also been born
in Canada.

The total value of Canada's beef and cattle trade with the United States was
$3US.2-billion in 2002, according to U.S. Agriculture Department figures. The
value of the 1.7 million cattle imported was $1US.4-billion.

Removal of risk material from cattle as they are slaughtered, a ban against
feeding ground-up parts of cattle to other ruminants, and new safeguards as part
of the plan to allow Canada to resume shipments will help protect consumers, Mr.
DeHaven said.

Andrew Mitchell, Canada's Minister of Agriculture, told reporters on a
conference call yesterday that the infected cow found last week had lived on
three farms in its lifetime. About 200 head of cattle on the farm from which it
went to slaughter have been quarantined, he said.

Federal health officials will be searching for the animal's "birth cohort" --
cattle born within a year of the eight-year-old infected animal -- to determine
if there are more BSE cases, Mr. Mitchell said. Gary Little, the Agriculture
Ministry's chief veterinarian, said the agency is also "tracing out feed
practices" that may have led to the animal's infection.

Messrs. DeHaven and Little said the infected animal was born before 1997, when
the United States and Canada imposed a ban on ruminant-to-ruminant feeding,
which is how scientists say the disease is spread.

World Health Organization guidelines say a country can still be considered at
"minimal risk" for mad cow disease if it has less than two cases per million
head of cattle over two years old during each of the previous four consecutive
years, Mr. DeHaven said.

"Considering Canada has roughly 5.5 million cattle over 24 months of age, under
[those guidelines] they could detect up to 11 cases of BSE in this population
and still be considered a "minimal-risk country," Mr. DeHaven said.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          September 27, 1990, Thursday

EC OFFICIAL HOPEFUL OF FARM SOLUTION

BYLINE: WILLIAM ARMBRUSTER; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The European Community's top trade official, Frans Andriessen, expressed hope
Wednesday that the EC can still resolve its internal differences over
agricultural trade policy.

EC farm ministers who met in Brussels earlier this week refused to back down in
theirdispute with the United States over farm subsidies. The EC-U.S. impasse
over agriculture has stymied international efforts to set new rules governing
extiles, intellectual property, services and investment, and other topics.

The EC has until Oct. 15 to submit a definitive proposal on agriculture to the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, the Geneva-based body leading the trade
liberalization talks.

"I expect and hope it will be a common collegial position. Some flexibility is
needed from all sides," said Mr. Andriessen, who is also in charge of the EC's
relations with Eastern Europe and other countries. He did not, however, indicate
what form that proposal might take.

The European Commission, the community's executive body, last week rejected a
proposal by Raymond MacSharry, the agriculture commissioner, for modest reforms
that fall far short of demands by the United States for sweeping cuts in farm
export subsidies.

Mr. Andriessen is "in a difficult position. He's engaged in battle with
MacSharry," said Jeffrey Schott, a research fellow at the Washington-based
Institute of International Economics. "Those internal negotiations to produce a
revised EC position on agriculture will be protracted. What comes out in the
next few weeks will only be the first step in negotiations which will then
engage the United States and other members of GATT."

The GATT talks, known as the Uruguay Round, are scheduled to end Dec. 7.

Speaking with reporters here, Mr. Andriessen said he opposed any extension of
the round. But on issues such as services, specific details governing individual
sectors could be worked out later, he said.

Mr. Andriessen, who was in New York to attend meetings at the United Nations,
said developing countries have indicated they would support U.S. and EC
proposals on services, intellectual property and even investment if there is a
breakthrough on agriculture and textiles.

On other issues, the EC official said he had no new proposals to defuse a
dispute with the United States over German exchange rate subsidies to Airbus.
Mr. Andriessen will be discussing the issue with U.S. Trade Representative Carla
Hills today in Washington.

Nonetheless, he said he did not consider it inevitable that the United States
would carry out its threat to file a complaint with GATT over the issue if it's
not resolved by Sept. 30.

Mr. Andriessen also said that uncertainty over the scope and direction of
economic reforms in the Soviet Union may limit EC efforts to assist in the
development of Soviet energy resources. Another complication is uncertainty over
whether the individual republics or the central government will have control
over those resources.

"We have to know with whom we will deal," said Mr. Andriessen, who is scheduled
to submit a report to the EC Commission on aid to the Soviet Union by the en d
of October.

The official, who noted that he was in Poland just a few days ago, said East
European countries are already debating the question of membership in the EC. He
does not, however, expect that any will become members before the end of the
decade.

The EC does want to strengthen its ties with Eastern Europe, he said, adding
that he is urging those countries to model their laws on EC regulations. That
will make cooperation easier, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO;;

 ANDRIESSEN: "Some flexibility is needed from all ides."

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 2, 2006 Saturday

The unwelcome landing of another U.S. penalty

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 735 words


Not again. Not another trade dispute in which the United States financially
penalizes Canada's exporters (along with Canadian travellers). This country has
just settled the softwood lumber dispute. Now, with little more than an obscure
entry in the Federal Register of routine notices, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has declared that it intends to remove the exemption from inspection
for imports of Canadian fruit and vegetables. More astonishing, it will impose
user fees on Canadian commercial vessels, trucks, railway cars and aircraft and
on international air passengers to pay for those inspections. And - surprise -
the new fees are slated to take effect in less than three months, on Nov. 24.

What are the Americans doing? Are they trying to bring the Canadian-U.S. border
to a complete standstill? The U.S. notice says that Canadian exports of fruit,
vegetables and nuts increased by 80 per cent between 1995 and 2005. Part of that
increase, it says, is due to the fact that more Canadians are importing exotic
agricultural products from other nations and then re-exporting them to the
United States. But, it adds, because Canada imposes fewer sanitary requirements,
regulating only 13 per cent of the pests on the U.S. list, the risk exists that
prohibited pests will cross the border. As well, it adds, Canadian air
passengers smuggle roughly 620,000 prohibited agricultural commodities into the
United States each year.

Then comes the coup de grâce. In addition to the pests and the smuggled food,
the U.S. has another concern. "Our current dearth of inspection activity at the
border could potentially leave the United States vulnerable to bioterrorism,"
the notice says, adding that the Department of Agriculture is not even
recovering the cost of its current inspections. As a result, the new fees will
be $488 (U.S.) per vessel, $70.25 per aircraft and $5 per air passenger, $5.25
per truck and $7.50 per loaded railcar. In other words, Canadians will pay for
U.S. security measures, at the same time that Ottawa is boosting its own
spending on security.

Canada cannot win. The North American free-trade agreement does allow the United
States to apply its own sanitary measures for the protection of human health.
But, as trade tribunals have consistently maintained, those measures must be
backed by scientific principles and stringent risk assessments. They must be
"necessary," and not disguised protectionism. There is also an exception in
NAFTA for national security measures. In effect, nothing should prevent the
United States "from taking any actions that it considers necessary for the
protection of its essential security interests." But there is little evidence of
an emergency from imported fruit.

Why are the Americans doing this? Such products were worth $590-million
(Canadian) in the first six months of this year - about 0.3 per cent of our
export trade. Are the Americans really willing to slow down border traffic to
inspect and collect for this? True, Canada could register a complaint under
NAFTA. "But the dispute- settlement provisions are long and cumbersome," says
Toronto international trade lawyer Larry Herman. "They will not get us very
quick relief. Meanwhile, inspections could hold up perishable goods at the
border for ages. This says to me, 'Here we go again.' "

This is appalling. Whatever happened to the consultations that NAFTA was
supposed to foster? There is a NAFTA committee on sanitary measures to promote
"technical co-operation." There is a NAFTA committee on agriculture to "promote"
co-operation. Yet International Trade Minister David Emerson said he learned of
these measures only two weeks ago. Agriculture Canada found out the details only
two days ago. Mr. Emerson said he would keep talking with the Americans to
forestall these measures.

It will take a lot of talking. Alan Alexandroff, research director at Toronto's
Munk Centre for International Studies, suggests that Canada work with the U.S.
to establish pre-clearance passes for fruit and vegetable exporters who can
guarantee the security of their products. That could be done, but it would take
time.

Meanwhile, there is a larger issue here. The United States is supposed to be our
trusted ally and closest trading partner. To hinder agricultural trade, to ask
Canadians to pay for U.S. security, to do all this with virtually no notice, is
a terrible way to treat a neighbour.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  December 29, 2001 Saturday Michigan Edition

Hog report leads to high hopes;
Pork producers encouraged by year-end news

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Farm Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 615 words


A smaller hogs and pigs herd in the United States is expected to set the stage
for a rally next month in the hog market.

Local pork producers will be encouraged by a year-end hogs and pigs report
issued Friday afternoon by the United States Department of Agriculture, said
Mark Hari, manager of the United Producers terminal near Cassopolis.

The USDA put the national inventory of all hogs and pigs at 58.8 million head,
or 1 percent fewer than last year at this time.

The breeding inventory, at 6.21 million head, also was down 1 percent from last
year but 1 percent above last quarter. The market hog inventory, at 52.6 million
head, was 1 percent below both last year and last quarter.

"This report is on the bullish side," said Hari, who anticipates that in the
next few weeks prices could begin to cross the $40 per hundredweight level and
perhaps to around $45 per cwt. by February, he said.

Hari said the report represents "a good sign" that the days of hogs in the
mid-$30 per cwt. range are numbered.

But at the same time Hari is concerned about the accuracy of the government
report -- as are many other local producers.

"It's harder for the government to get an accurate report," Hari said. "The last
report wasn't very accurate. Hopefully, this one will be."

Decatur producer Ed Reed is among those who will receive the report with a
degree of skepticism.

Pork producers complained loudly that the USDA's last quarterly report in
October greatly underestimated the size of the U.S. hog herd by a million head,
thus contributing to a brief crash in prices as low as $29 per hundredweight in
November.

Market hogs are averaging two pounds heavier than a year ago. "We have been
killing over 2 million hogs for at least 8 weeks in row," he said. "Even during
these holiday-shortened weeks, we have killed a lot of pigs."

But Reed suspects that the flood of animals going to market is due to
under-reporting by large commercial hog producers who are either refusing to
take part of the voluntary government survey "or they are telling tall tales,"
he said.

"It's becoming more and more difficult to get a handle on how many hogs are out
there," Reed said.

But Hari thinks the recent glut of market hogs is over. "We should see a little
dry spell coming into January," he said.

Cass County producer Nate Robinson said 2001 was an opportunity for pork
producers to wipe out debts incurred three years ago in the big market plunge.

"We have had a great year actually," he said.

Recently prices have edged back up to mid to high $30 per cwt. range. Right
after the report came out Friday afternoon Reed shipped a load of 190 pigs to
the IPC plant in Delphi, Ind. that brought $37 a hundredweight.

"If I had held out today I could have gotten another dollar (per cwt.)," he
laughed.

The reason is that packers have lately been bidding up prices to keep slaughter
plants at capacity during the holiday period.

The break-even point for most hog producers ranges from $30 to $35 per cwt.

Robinson said smaller producers like himself have taken advantage of the
premiums offered by the packers during the holidays. "A lot of the big fellas
don't want to do that because that is their day off," he said.

Prices in the past month have been a far cry from the high water marks
established earlier this summer when pork producers enjoyed a brief spurt in
which prices soared into the mid $50s.

Reed, who only signs contracts on 20 percent of his market hogs, said the
combination of low feed costs and high prices at that time was the highlight of
the year.

Staff writer Wayne Falda: wfalda@sbtinfo.com (219) 235-6326



LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Hari, manager of the United Producers terminal near Cassopolis,
gives a barn cat a little attention while tending to a load of hogs that were
ready for shipment ahead of Friday's hogs and pigs report by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.  Tribune Photo/SHAYNA BRESLIN

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 23, 1990 Friday

Canadian meat shipments dispute   close to a settlement: U.S. official

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Canadian Press
  WASHINGTON
 Canada and the United States are close to settling a dispute over U.S.
border inspection of Canadian meat shipments, a senior U.S. Agriculture
Department official says.

Lester Crawford said talks began in Ottawa yesterday on ways to
standardize meat inspection in the two countries and the governments
expect to announce a settlement of the dispute early next week.

"The attitude of the United States is that ..... (U.S. and Canadian)
inspectors ought to be doing the same thing," said Mr. Crawford, director
of the U.S. Agriculture Department's food safety and inspection service.

"Canada should be performing the same test on our product as we're
performing on theirs. Surely we can negotiate and have the same
procedures."

In the past few weeks, Canada has threatened harsh measures against the
United States in retaliation for the high frequency of border inspections
of Canadian meat.

Canada's Agriculture Minister Donald Mazankowski recently warned that
if the dispute isn't resolved soon, Canadian border inspectors may in turn
increase inspection of U.S. meat imports or require grading of high-
quality U.S. meat before it crosses into Canada.

Mr. Mazankowski said Canada has also asked the United States to set up
an on-the-spot appeal procedure at border crossings, so a rejected
shipment of Canadian meat would be reinspected by the United States in the
presence of a Canadian inspector.

Mr. Crawford said in an interview that Canadian meat packers mistakenly
believed the free-trade agreement would open up the U.S. border to their
products.

"That's called the 51st state intepretation, so that we treat Canada
just like another state, and the demands of the Canadian producers have
been essentially that."

Mr. Crawford also denied allegations by Saskatchewan pork producers
that overzealous non-government U.S. border inspectors are harassing their
shipments into North Dakota.

The western Canadian producers have curbed shipments of pork carcasses
to the United States, complaining that so many truckloads are being
rejected by private border inspectors for invalid reasons that it has
become too costly to ship across the border.

The Saskatchewan pork marketing board recently suspended all shipments
from Moose Jaw Packers to processors in Minot, N.D., leading to a layoff
of 19 Moose Jaw workers and nearly 50 on the U.S. side.

Mr. Crawford disputed the Canadian industry's claims and denied that
privatized border inspectors, who are paid for each inspection, are
rejecting as many pork shipments as possible so they can earn more money.

"The refrigerated warehouses are privately owned, but the determination
of what goes into the warehouse is made by (government) inspectors, not by
the owner of the private warehouse," he said. "Canada's complaints are a
convenient interpretation but not correct."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 23, 2011 Sunday
                                National Edition

Cuts Threaten To Close Center For Crop Safety In South Texas

BYLINE: By DANNY GUERRA.

dguerra@texastribune.org

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Texas ; THE TEXAS TRIBUNE; Pg. 25A

LENGTH: 521 words


Within 80 miles of Weslaco, there are nine bridges linking the United States and
Mexico. Tons of agricultural products move between the countries each day:
vegetables from Mexico and cantaloupes from Central America arrive in Texas
while beef and grains are sent to Mexican markets and beyond.

The Kika de la Garza Subtropical Agricultural Research Center, where researchers
work to ensure the safety of products that cross the bridges, is in the middle
of it all. Now, as Congress considers closing the center, there are growing
concerns in the agricultural community about the future safety of crops imported
into the United States.

Proposed cuts to United States Department of Agriculture research programs have
put in jeopardy the South Texas center, and nine others around the country.
Although the cuts are not finalized, a House proposal directs the agency to
focus on ''highest priority research.'' The Senate version of the budget also
includes the closings -- at an estimated one-time saving of $39 million -- but
acknowledges that ''laboratory closures often cost money in the short term and
do not necessarily provide real savings.''

The Kika de la Garza Center works on pest risk analysis, to identify threats
that imported crops could bring into the country. A June report by the Texas
AgriLife Research program at Texas A&M University called the center a
''strategic defense'' against invasive species that could harm agriculture and
contaminate the food supply.

Texas is the second-largest point of entry for fruits and vegetables into the
United States market. The A&M report estimated the value of agriculture in the
Lower Rio Grande Valley at $732 million, with a statewide economic impact of
$1.6 billion.

Robert Mangan, Kika de la Garza's coordinator, said researchers often traveled
to other countries to learn how outbreaks of foreign pests and diseases could
affect agricultural products.

''What they are closing are units that can quickly respond to these problems,
and once they are lost there will be a long delay in addressing outbreaks that
may arise,'' Mr. Mangan said.

In addition to developing quarantine and inspection measures to address
contaminants, the center researches fruit fly and fever tick eradication and
citrus- and potato-related diseases.

The center is also working with United States Customs and Border Protection to
eliminate Carrizo cane, a fast-growing invasive weed that grows up to 30 feet
tall along the Rio Grande and hinders law enforcement patrols. That research
will continue at another Texas U.S.D.A. facility, Mr. Mangan said.

Under the cuts proposed by the House, Agriculture Department research facilities
could transfer their projects to universities, but those institutions would have
to provide the financing. Ray Prewett, executive vice president of the Texas
Vegetable Association, said that local leaders have held discussions with
universities but that ''the likelihood of any projects being salvaged would be
limited at best.''

''What worries us the most about the closure is that the center has been doing
research that no one else has been doing,'' Mr. Prewett said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Students removing bugs from plants at the Kika de la Garza
center. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DELCIA LOPEZ FOR THE TEXAS TRIBUNE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 30, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Hold Steady

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Page 34; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 29


Prices that farmers received for their goods in May remained unchanged from the
previous month, the Agriculture Department reported today.

Higher hog, milk and soybean prices offset lower prices for grapefruits,
tomatoes, onions and cattle, the department said in its monthly report on
agricultural prices.

When compared with May of last year, however, prices were down 6.6 percent,
aided by the cheaper tomatoes, hogs, cattle and potatoes.

A seasonal increase in supplies of Florida tomatoes and California and Texas
onions drove commercial vegetable prices 14 percent lower and 35 percent below
the levels of a year ago.

"Grapefruits, onions, tomatoes and cattle were the stabilizing commodities, even
though they were down significantly," the report said.

Cheaper Fruits


Lower average grapefruit prices in May more than offset higher orange and apple
prices compared with April, sending overall fruit prices 3.8 percent lower and
14 percent below levels a year ago.

Prices for fresh apples continued a pattern of record monthly highs that began
in September 1991 because of good domestic and export demand.

Some areas of the country will be low on apple supplies until the new crop is
harvested, the analyst said.

Soybean prices rose sharply, mostly because of fairly tight supplies, relatively
strong exports and a projection in the department's world agriculture outlook
that the 1992-93 crop would be smaller than the previous one, the analyst said.

In its May estimates of world supply and demand, the department projected the
1992-93 United States soybean crop at 1.915 billion bushels compared with 1.986
billion bushels estimated for 1991-92.

Wheat prices were down because of tight world supplies coupled with fairly
respectable new-crop projections, today's report said.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Farm Prices," track index of prices received by farmers, Dec.
1990-May 1992 (Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

14 Biggest Law Issues Impacting Agriculture

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Since 2015, there have been a number of legal developments for the
agricultural sector. Many of these issues will continue to play out over the
next year and will impact agriculture throughout the Mid-South and other regions
of the country.





 In particular, there were important developments in environmental regulation of
agriculture, food safety regulation, and use of drones in agriculture.



 The University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture National Agricultural
Law Center (NALC) has compiled a list of some of these stories with links to
NALC resources links for the NALC-led Agricultural & Food Law Consortium for
additional information. Many of these issues will be covered at the Third Annual
Mid-South Agricultural & Environmental Law Conference, April 22, at the
University of Memphis Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law. Get more details on this
Mid-South Ag Law conference.



 Drainage issues, new EPA regulations

 (1) Waters of the United States



 On May 27, 2015, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of
Engineers finalized the highly controversial final rule that sought to
significantly modify the agencies' regulatory scope over "waters of the United
States." The final rule was especially controversial for agricultural interests,
who assert that the rule represents a significant overreach that falls outside
the EPA and Corps statutory authority.



 The final rule became effective in August 2015, but was immediately challenged
in multiple lawsuits in courts throughout the country.



 In October, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit issued a
stay that prohibited, at least for the time being, implementation of the rule.
On Feb. 22, 2016, the Sixth Circuit held that it had jurisdiction to hear the
WOTUS challenge, at least for those states within the Sixth Circuit.



 This is a landmark issue for agriculture in the Mid-South and around the
country and will continue to play out in all branches of government in 2016. As
various courts move forward with decisions on the WOTUS rule, it is increasingly
likely that the matter will be appealed to the United States Supreme Court.



 (2) Des Moines Water Works Lawsuit



 In Board of Water Works Trustees of Des Moines, Iowa v. Sac County Board of
Supervisors, et al, the City of Des Moines brought a legal action that tests the
legal boundaries of the "agricultural stormwater runoff" exemption under the
Clean Water Act (CWA).



 The action targets three counties and the drainage districts they oversee,
claiming the drainage districts constitute "point sources" under the CWA. The
drainage districts are county organizations that create and maintain drainage
ditches so that farms with tile drainage can drain excess subsurface moisture in
order to promote agricultural productivity.



 This matter will continue throughout 2016 and - regardless of the outcome -
will undoubtedly be a top story for agriculture for the foreseeable future.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Washington: Miami Valley Chapter of the Ohio Farmers Union Endorses The HSUS
Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Humane Society of the United States has issued the following news release:

The Miami Valley chapter of the Ohio Farmers Union formally endorsed the work of
The Humane Society of the United States' Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio.
The vote last week was "unambiguous and unanimous" and further solidifies a
united front of sustainable family farmers against industrial-scale
agribusinesses.

Relentlessly consolidating factory farming puts the vibrancy of rural
communities at risk and ignores consumer demands for better treatment of farm
animals.

Bill Miller, president of the Miami Valley Farmers Union and member of The HSUS
Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio said, "The two meetings of the Miami
Valley Farmers Union in the past six months featured deep discussion and
presentations from knowledgeable HSUS agriculture representatives. Because of
these meetings and the facts presented, there was enthusiastic, unambiguous and
unanimous support for The HSUS Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio, of which I
am a proud member."

The HSUS Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio provides advice and guidance to
The HSUS to advance humane and sustainable agricultural practices in Ohio. The
council spotlights farms using best practices and helps connect them to markets.
It also helps family farmers switch to more humane practices.

The Ohio Farmers Union is an organization of farmers, rural community members,
and consumers who share a deep commitment to maintaining traditional family farm
agriculture. It advocates on behalf of sustainable family farmers who are
threatened by over-industrialized factory farms and on behalf of the consumer
who want to know the source and conditions their food came from.

John Dinon, Ohio director of outreach and engagement for The HSUS said, "This
endorsement allows both our organizations to focus on working together in a
positive manner to the benefit of farmers, consumers and animals."

The HSUS has been working with Ohio agriculture groups and the Ohio Livestock
Care Standards Board, which has implemented a number of important reforms on
agriculture issues in the state, including a phase out of veal crates for calves
and gestation crates for breeding sows, a moratorium on new barren battery cages
for egg-laying hens, requiring humane euthanasia of livestock, prohibiting the
transport of downer livestock, and banning the tail-docking of dairy cows.

For more information please visit: http://www.humanesociety.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Miami Valley Chapter of the Ohio Farmers Union Endorses The HSUS
Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Humane Society of the United States has issued the following news release:

The Miami Valley chapter of the Ohio Farmers Union formally endorsed the work of
The Humane Society of the United States' Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio.
The vote last week was "unambiguous and unanimous" and further solidifies a
united front of sustainable family farmers against industrial-scale
agribusinesses.

Relentlessly consolidating factory farming puts the vibrancy of rural
communities at risk and ignores consumer demands for better treatment of farm
animals.

Bill Miller, president of the Miami Valley Farmers Union and member of The HSUS
Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio said, "The two meetings of the Miami
Valley Farmers Union in the past six months featured deep discussion and
presentations from knowledgeable HSUS agriculture representatives. Because of
these meetings and the facts presented, there was enthusiastic, unambiguous and
unanimous support for The HSUS Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio, of which I
am a proud member."

The HSUS Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio provides advice and guidance to
The HSUS to advance humane and sustainable agricultural practices in Ohio. The
council spotlights farms using best practices and helps connect them to markets.
It also helps family farmers switch to more humane practices.

The Ohio Farmers Union is an organization of farmers, rural community members,
and consumers who share a deep commitment to maintaining traditional family farm
agriculture. It advocates on behalf of sustainable family farmers who are
threatened by over-industrialized factory farms and on behalf of the consumer
who want to know the source and conditions their food came from.

John Dinon, Ohio director of outreach and engagement for The HSUS said, "This
endorsement allows both our organizations to focus on working together in a
positive manner to the benefit of farmers, consumers and animals."

The HSUS has been working with Ohio agriculture groups and the Ohio Livestock
Care Standards Board, which has implemented a number of important reforms on
agriculture issues in the state, including a phase out of veal crates for calves
and gestation crates for breeding sows, a moratorium on new barren battery cages
for egg-laying hens, requiring humane euthanasia of livestock, prohibiting the
transport of downer livestock, and banning the tail-docking of dairy cows.

For more information please visit: http://www.humanesociety.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Miami Valley Chapter of the Ohio Farmers Union Endorses The HSUS
Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Humane Society of the United States has issued the following news release:

The Miami Valley chapter of the Ohio Farmers Union formally endorsed the work of
The Humane Society of the United States' Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio.
The vote last week was "unambiguous and unanimous" and further solidifies a
united front of sustainable family farmers against industrial-scale
agribusinesses.

Relentlessly consolidating factory farming puts the vibrancy of rural
communities at risk and ignores consumer demands for better treatment of farm
animals.

Bill Miller, president of the Miami Valley Farmers Union and member of The HSUS
Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio said, "The two meetings of the Miami
Valley Farmers Union in the past six months featured deep discussion and
presentations from knowledgeable HSUS agriculture representatives. Because of
these meetings and the facts presented, there was enthusiastic, unambiguous and
unanimous support for The HSUS Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio, of which I
am a proud member."

The HSUS Agriculture Advisory Council for Ohio provides advice and guidance to
The HSUS to advance humane and sustainable agricultural practices in Ohio. The
council spotlights farms using best practices and helps connect them to markets.
It also helps family farmers switch to more humane practices.

The Ohio Farmers Union is an organization of farmers, rural community members,
and consumers who share a deep commitment to maintaining traditional family farm
agriculture. It advocates on behalf of sustainable family farmers who are
threatened by over-industrialized factory farms and on behalf of the consumer
who want to know the source and conditions their food came from.

John Dinon, Ohio director of outreach and engagement for The HSUS said, "This
endorsement allows both our organizations to focus on working together in a
positive manner to the benefit of farmers, consumers and animals."

The HSUS has been working with Ohio agriculture groups and the Ohio Livestock
Care Standards Board, which has implemented a number of important reforms on
agriculture issues in the state, including a phase out of veal crates for calves
and gestation crates for breeding sows, a moratorium on new barren battery cages
for egg-laying hens, requiring humane euthanasia of livestock, prohibiting the
transport of downer livestock, and banning the tail-docking of dairy cows.

For more information please visit: http://www.humanesociety.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           November 1, 2003, Saturday

LABEL PLAN BIG BLOW FOR UNITED STATES

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 516 words


A NEW cost-benefit analysis of the mandatory country-of-origin labeling (MCOOL)
law released by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), fully
supported the view that there was no evidence that it would benefit pork
producers, meat packers, retailers or consumers, said National Pork Producers'
Council (NPPC) president, Jon Caspers.

"This much-anticipated USDA analysis indicates that in the first year alone
following implementation of MCOOL, the covered commodities could see costs of up
to nearly $ 4 billion (pounds 2.36 billion)," said Mr Caspers.

"It is difficult to understand why anyone would support such a costly and
burdensome rule that offers virtually no benefit to the nation's 1.5 million
farmers, firms and retail establishments that it will impact."

The cost-benefit analysis is a US Government system of calculating costs to
businesses whenever new Government regulations are created.

The analysis is designed to measure the desirability of government programs by
weighing both the long-term and short-term benefits of a program against the
long-term and short-term costs of a program.

According to Mr Caspers, the USDA analysis validates producer concerns that
consumers are not willing to pay a price premium for products bearing US origin
labels and, therefore, higher prices will not be generated for pork products
covering the costs of MCOOL.

"If there was a consumer demand for country-of-origin labeling, the market would
have demanded it years ago," he said.

"The lack of participation by any suppliers in other government labeling
programs clearly indicates, however, that consumers simply don't have a strong
preference for the labels."

Mr Caspers says USDA's cost-benefit clearly states that MCOOL does not provide
valid information to give consumers information on food safety.

"This law doesn't impact any of the food safety laws currently in place,
therefore consumers would not be provided with additional food safety
assurances."

In addition, Mr Caspers said MCOOL was a trade protectionist measure and had the
potential to drastically affect international trade.

"Some of the US pork industry's major trading partners have already indicated
that they will file challenges under the World Trade Organization's (WTO) trade
agreements and could retaliate if MCOOL is implemented," he said.

"In today's global marketplace, where pork producers have just come out from
under 18 months of straight losses, we cannot afford to lose even a small
percentage of the exports that provide significant value to the US pork
industry."

l A NEW report points to further infertility worries on pig farms in England and
Wales.

The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is conducting a survey to
establish if the causes of the current bout of infertility is due to a new
disease syndrome or linked to similar problems which arose in 2002.

Some producers have seen infertility levels above 15 per cent and extreme cases
recorded at 50 per cent.

Twenty herds will now be targeted in this survey.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 29, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Growth in Aquaculture

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 56 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 28


Aquaculture production in the United States, which includes fish farming, has
grown by 20 percent a year since 1980, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday.
Production includes food and non-food fish, shellfish and aquatic plants, the
department's economic research unit said. The report by the agency was the first
in six years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            August 2, 2003, Saturday

MONTREAL MEETING AIMS TO BRIDGE THE GAP . . .

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 530 words


THE United States and the European Union "are seeking to work together" to
narrow their differences on reforming agriculture trade in advance of a World
Trade Organization (WTO) ministerial meeting in mid-September.

"I think the issue that is going to be the most challenging in the agriculture
area is that of market access, or to put it in more plain language, cutting
tariffs so you can open markets," said US Trade Representative, Robert Zoellick
in Montreal after meetings with 27 other Trade Ministers to discuss the Doha
Development Agenda negotiations launched by the WTO in November 2001.

The Montreal meeting was labeled a 'mini-Ministerial' in preparation for the
formal WTO Ministerial conference scheduled for September 10-14, in Cancun,
Mexico. Mr Zoellick said US officials saw the Cancun talks as a "mid-term
meeting" at which they would "try to give some impetus" to the WTO negotiations
and move toward the goal of opening markets to promote economic growth and
development.

In an effort to advance those talks, the United States has made "bold" proposals
in the agricultural sector, Mr Zoellick said, including the elimination of
export subsidies, a US$ 100 billion (pounds 624 million) reduction in domestic
subsidies, and a reduction in tariffs that would leave the highest agriculture
tariff at 25 per cent.

While he complimented the EU for undertaking some reform of its Common
Agricultural Policy (CAP), Mr Zoellick said the United States and other
countries were disappointed that the EU had not yet agreed to eliminate
agriculture export subsidies.

"The European Union has about US$ 2bn-$ 5bn of export subsidies. We have US$ 15
million (pounds 9.3 million), and I would be happy to eliminate them tomorrow if
we could get the Europeans to eliminate theirs," he said.

The United States might agree to put disciplines on its export credit programs
for agriculture if such an action would help move the EU towards eliminating
export subsidies.

"If we can help create the elimination of export subsidies, that would be a big
plus forward, and that is something now that I hope will push the Europeans
forward because there really isn't anyone else in that category at this point,"
Mr Zoellick said.

Regarding market access, Mr Zoellick said US and EU officials advocate different
approaches to tariffs cuts, with the United States favoring a formula that would
cut higher tariffs more than lower ones, and the EU seeking a more flexible
approach.

Mr Zoellick also discussed the issue of pharmaceuticals within the WTO system
and the need to ensure that the world's poorest countries have access to
medicines for HIV/AIDS, malaria and other infectious diseases.

He said the United States was willing to permit third countries to produce and
export life-saving pharmaceuticals to poor countries, but only if safeguards are
in place to ensure that the generic drugs cannot be diverted and re-sold to
wealthier countries.

Mr Zoellick said those safeguards also would have to ensure that such a program
"is used for humanitarian purpose as opposed to becoming a loophole for creating
a commercial export industry."

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                               November 17, 2000

Cutting Edge

BYLINE: Kevin Butt

SECTION: No.1462; Pg.24

LENGTH: 616 words


Ground-breaking research into worms could be vital for the environment and life
itself

Earthworms have been studied closely for more than a century. Charles Darwin
produced a book on the creatures that has observations that are still relevant
today. However, there is still a great deal that is not known about them - and a
great deal that we can gain from them.

With funding from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, I
worked with soil physicists from the United States Department of Agriculture's
Agricultural Research Service at the North Appalachian Experimental Watershed in
the United States, spending several months characterising the burrows of lob
worms using acrylic resin casts. Coupled with water infiltration experiments,
this allowed us to calculate the amount of water taken into the soil through
"macropores" produced by these worms. The results suggested that the presence of
this alien species in Ohio agricultural systems prevented tremendous
over-surface water flow and associated erosion.

Through work funded by Manchester Airport, my research group has recorded
earthworm species, numbers and masses at grassland sites translocated by the
construction of the second runway. These data are of vital importance as a
number of protected species that feed on earthworms, such as great-crested newts
and badgers, were also translocated during this development.

As agents in the improvement, and even formation, of soil, earthworms play an
important role simply by going about their everyday activities.

Over the past two years, British Council funding has enabled me to visit Poland,
where I have studied, in conjunction with workers from Rzeszow, the earthworms
of the Bieszczady National Park. The basic ecology of certain animals, such as
Allolobophora carpathica, an endemic species of the beech forests of the
Carpathian Mountains, has remained relatively unknown. This species is now being
reared in laboratories, where its potential for soil restoration is being
studied.

Forthcoming "ground-breaking" research in Finland, funded by the Leverhulme
Trust, will focus on dispersal and distribution patterns of lob worms. Although
this species was recognised and named by Linnaeus in the 18th century, some
fundamental aspects of its ecology are still not fully understood. When do
hatchling earthworms "strike out" from the parental midden? Do they occupy
vacated adult burrows? Or is there a need to dig and extend a burrow as they
grow? Equally, these sexually reproducing, albeit hermaphroditic, organisms need
to seek gene exchange from distantly related kin. Therefore, overland travel,
far from being a result of the flooding of a burrow, may be an evolutionary
trait to prevent inbreeding.

This work builds on previous research in which we examined this animal's mating
behaviour using infrared cameras to videotape sequences lasting several hours.
Far from being a simple, mechanistic process, the lob worms, on encountering
each other, "check out" their potential partner through reciprocated burrow
visits before mating.

Two other major areas of earthworm research that our group is preparing to
investigate are the use of certain species for degradation of waste organic
matter and their use as tools for assessing ecotoxicological substances. The
former is of growing importance now that increased recycling initiatives are
proposed. The latter is also vital, as we continue to produce chemicals that may
have detrimental effects on the environment and the life, including ourselves,
within it.

Kevin Butt is principal lecturer in environmental management at the University
of Central Lancashire.


LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2000 TSL Education Limited


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          December 8, 1999, Wednesday

Asian beef demand seen rising

BYLINE: BY GENE LINN

SECTION: GLOBAL COMMERCE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 896 words


Asia's appetite for U.S. beef dulled considerably during the regional economic
crisis in 1997 and 1998, but U.S. exporters and analysts expect sales to Asia
will surge over the next six to nine years.

""The outlook is very positive for beef,'' said Philip Seng, president of the
Denver-based U.S. Meat Export Federation. ""A significant added amount will go
to Japan, South Korea and other parts of Asia.''

About 50 percent of the increase in the world's consumption of beef through 2008
will occur in Asia, according to projections by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. A ""significant portion'' of that increase will be supplied by
imports, except in China, USDA said.

The unexpected downturn in imports caused by the Asian financial crisis shows
how difficult it is to predict just how much the region will import in the long
term. Experts agree the rise will be substantial, but differ over the numbers.

Stevan Bobb, group vice president for agricultural products at Burlington
Northern and Sante Fe Railway, spoke at a recent Transportation Research Board
conference in Duluth about the potential for large increases of beef exports to
Asia. ""Some say that by 2005 half of U.S. corn exports will actually be
exported in the form of frozen beef, not corn,'' he said.

USDA estimates it took about 2.9 million tons of corn to feed the cattle that
produced 985,000 metric tons of beef exports, along with the breeding stock
needed to maintain the herds.

At that ratio, beef exports would have to rise tenfold to account for half of
current U.S. corn exports.

""That's pretty aggressive,'' said Seng. But he noted that the U.S. Meat Export
Federation projects very strong growth.

Beef and beef variety meat exports will surge 69 percent from an actual 1. 02
million tons in 1998 to a projected 1.73 million tons in 2005, the federation
said. About two-thirds of the increase is expected to come from Asia.

Variety meat includes offal and organs and are cheaper than beef muscle meat.
Variety meat is sometimes processed overseas, but cuts like hearts and tongues
are also sold to be cooked and eaten.

The USDA forecast, which does not include variety meats, is for a rise in
exports by carcass weight to 1.16 million tons in 2005 and to 1.27 million tons
in 2008. Including variety meats would roughly bring USDA predictions in line
with those at the federation.

Experts note, however, that actual future exports could change substantially.
Differences in forecasts reflect significant uncertainty. "" The big unknown is
China,'' said Lynn Condon, vice president for internatonal trade at the American
Meat Institute in Arlington, Va.

China's entering the World Trade Organization will significantly open the
market, but this will probably be phased in.

The USDA expects China to satisfy most of its increased demand for beef
domestically. But a department analyst acknowledged that outsiders have a tough
time figuring out the number of cattle in China.

Adding to the uncertainty is the issue of income growth in China. Largely fed on
corn and soy meal, U.S. beef is a high-quality product that is about twice the
price of Australian grass-fed beef. It is not clear when a large number of
Chinese consumers will increase their buying power enough to afford U.S. beef.

""We'll see more beef going into (prosperous) urban areas, especially in the
south, where there's already a lot of U.S. poultry,'' said the analyst. "" It
will start as offal trade and variety meats.''

USDA projects that Chinese imports of beef will rise from a negligible 7, 000
tons in 1998 to 8,000 tons in 2005 and 9,000 in 2008.

The U.S. Meat Export Federation puts Hong Kong/China imports of U.S. beef and
variety beef at 22,000 tons in 1998, increasing to 68,000 tons in 2005. Hong
Kong became a Special Administrative Region of China in 1997. Considerable
amounts of goods, including U.S. poultry, are smuggled from Hong Kong into the
southern Chinese mainland.

Almost half of U.S. beef exports to Asia go to Japan. Although the Japanese
market is maturing, rising demand and stagnant domestic production should enable
U.S. exports of beef and variety beef to rise from 469,000 tons in 1998 to
718,000 tons in 2005, the federation said.

Market liberalization steps mandated by the WTO will help boost South Korean
imports of U.S. beef and variety beef from 57,000 tons in 1998 to 193, 000 tons
in 2005, the federation said.

The group forecasts a 140 percent increase in U.S. exports to Taiwan to 24, 000
tons in 2005. U.S. exports to members of the Association of Southeast Asian
Nations plunged from 13,000 tons in 1996 to 2,000 tons in 1998 due to the
financial crisis. But the federation expects the exports to recover to 15, 000
tons by 2005.

The overwhelming majority of any increase in U.S. beef exports will continue to
go by truck to West Coast ports. Trucking provides more reliable delivery times
for the refrigerated containers of the highly perishible product than rail
transport, and the containers are more regularly monitored on trucks. Low-cost
rail is the preferred transportation for corn to be exported as feed. The
expected surge in beef exports will not eat into that business, according to
USDA. The department forecasts U.S. corn exports will rise an average of 2
million tons a year through 2008 to 63.5 million tons.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          December 11, 1991, Wednesday

US CONSIDERS EC "PEACE CLAUSE' IN AGRICULTURE TRADE

BYLINE: JOHN MAGGS; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The United States is considering European requests for a "peace clause" that
critics fear could restrict U.S. action under a Uruguay Round trade agreement,
according to Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Julius Katz.

In agricultural trade talks in Geneva, the European Community has asked the
United States to promise that it will not use its trade law to challenge any EC
farm trade policies during the five or six years of a Uruguay Round agriculture
greement, said Mr. Katz.

Agricultural trade remains the linchpin of the Uruguay Round, which is being
conducted by the 103-nation General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, said Mr.
Katz, a top U.S. negotiator in the round.

"While we are examining a number of formulations" on a peace clause, Mr. Katz
said, "we are not prepared to forgo any GATT rights or domestic remedies that
would disadvantage our private interests."

Mr. Katz made his comments in an appearance before the House Agriculture
Committee Tuesday that was largely aimed at assuring lawmakers that the United
States would not cut a bad deal on world farm trade reform.

Congress must approve any Uruguay Round agreement, and many lawmakers have
warned the Bush administration they will vote down a pact that weakens U.S.
trade law.

The agriculture negotiations have remained a battle between the United States
and the Community. Mr. Katz said an agriculture agreement "is within reach,"
though "it would be premature to tell you an agreement is assured."

He ticked off major issues in the farm trade talks, and gave a general outline
of their status, while declining to be specific about the latest U.S. positions
on cutting commodity export subsidies, domestic farm programs, and import
restrictions.

While he did not dispute news reports that negotiators are considering cuts of
about 35 percent over five or six years, he noted that there has been no
agreement on the base year used for these cuts, a factor that could have a large
impact on actual reductions.

More importantly however, the two sides remain "far apart on what the numbers
would apply to," or which types of subsidies or government payments would be
exempted from the agreement. For example, payments for research, environmental
programs and crop insurance would be exempted, as would direct income payments
to farmers, as long as they do not affect the level of farm production, Mr. Katz
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 29, 1990, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

BUSH SIGNS FREE-MARKET FARM BILL: Subsidies are to fall by 25% through 1995

BYLINE: Sue Kirchhoff Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


U.S. President George Bush signed a landmark five-year farm bill yesterday that
will force U.S. farmers to seek more income from the open market instead of the
federal government.

The bill also creates important new environmental programs, including a
one-million-acre wetlands reserve and national standards for food labelled
''organically grown.''

''This is the most environmentally progressive farm bill ever signed,'' Bush
said. ''It's a market-oriented bill. It lets farmers make more of their own
production decisions based on the market rather than on government support
prices.''

The new act, coupled with a mammoth deficit-reduction law, cuts government farm
subsidies by 25% through 1995, mainly by reducing the acreage on which growers
can receive crop supports.

It continues crop export and nutrition subsidies, increases research into new
farm products and requires farmers to keep records of dangerous pesticides they
use - though setting tight limits on who has access to the data.

Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said this week, ''We need to provide for a
healthy American agriculture based on the international marketplace . . . not
upon massive subsidies where (farmers) have to get down on bended knees
soliciting the support of the Congress.''

Farm lobbyists, who do not share Yeutter's free-market zeal, have been attacking
the bill ever since it passed Congress in late October.

The American Agriculture Movement, a grassroots farmers group, has called for
the removal of Yeutter and House Agriculture Committee Chairman Kika de la
Garza, a Democrat from Texas. Other groups are quietly working on strategies to
restore some of the cuts when Congress reconvenes in January.

It is not clear whether they will succeed.

''The 1990 farm bill is a fair bill. In the present budget environment we could
not do all that we wanted,'' said Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick
Leahy, a Vermont Democrat.

The federal government supports cotton, grain, rice and other producers through
an annual system of loans and income subsidies. The subsidies increase whenever
prices fall.

The 1990 bill will provide US$40.8 billion (C$47.5 million) in crop aid. That is
a US$13.6-billion cut from previous projections and a nearly 50% drop from the
expiring 1985 farm act, which contained a massive US$80 billion in farm
subsidies.

Agriculture Department officials already say privately that current low
commodity prices and sluggish export sales will push up the price tag for the
new bill.

Most of the spending cuts will come through a so-called triple base plan that
reduces, by 15% a year, the amount of land on which farmers can receive crop
supports. Farmers will be able to grow other crops on the land, except for
fruits and vegetables, to sell without subsidies.

Lawmakers chose the triple-base plan over a straight subsidy cut in the hope
that farmers would be able to recoup some of their lost income on the open
market.

While some economists predict a drop in farm income and land values due to the
bill, others say the plan in conjunction with other farm programs could boost
earnings.

''I have never heard so much bitching in my life about something that is
remarkably well done,'' Kansas state economist Barry Flinchbaugh said recently.
''We can make more money out of this bill than we did in the '85 bill.''

The bill also creates a new income subsidy program for soybean producers and
continues the Conservation Reserve program which pays farmers to take fragile
farmland out of production for 10 years.

In addition, it extends food stamps and other programs that provide nutrition
assistance to low-income Americans.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 17, 2011

Wisconsin foods are healthy

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 393  words


As Americans we are fortunate to live in a country where we spend just 9.8
percent of our disposable income on food - less than any other country,
according to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) National Food
Check-Out Week, February 20 through 26 brings to light that the average American
has already earned enough money to pay their grocery bills for all of 2011.

Christine Lindner, 63rd Alice in Dairyland,

Wisconsin's Agricultural Ambassador shares how it takes just 37 days for the
average American to earn enough income to buy all the food they will consume for
the year - both at home and in restaurants.

Food Check-Out Week, we celebrate the many benefits Wisconsin's $59 billion
agriculture industry brings to the health of every resident and our economy.

American consumers continue to get a good buy with their food dollar thanks to
our productive and efficient farmers. As we celebrate Food Check-Out week, the
productivity of our farmers, we must recognize a farmer's cost of production is
increasing with higher prices for inputs like energy, feed and fuel. Thanks to
new technology, science and tools used by producers on the farm today one farmer
feeds 155 people vs. 50 years ago when one farmer fed just 26 people in the
United States. Consumers in other countries are still working for food long
after Americans. As countries in Europe spend more than twice what U.S.
consumers spend on food costs.

As shoppers look for the greatest nutritional impact for their dollar spent,
Wisconsin locally grown and produced products, like Wisconsin dairy, beef,
cranberries, carrots, honey and potatoes provides that impact.

For example, Wisconsin dairy products provide a powerful package of nine
essential nutrients - that helps keep bones strong and bodies healthy. Studies
show dairy foods, when consumed as part of a healthy diet, improve overall diet
quality and may help to reduce a cluster of conditions that can lead to heart
disease and type-2 diabetes. To translate that to the pocketbook, according to
the National Dairy Council, if adult Americans increased their intake of dairy
foods to three to four servings a day, over $25 billion could be saved in
unnecessary healthcare costs in just the first year.

Buying locally produced Wisconsin foods from cherries to cheese is an investment
into our state's continued strong future.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Value Added Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 The Blair Press Taylor


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 15, 1996, Friday

CALIFORNIA SEEKS SUPREME COURT REVIEW OF RULING ON AGRICULTURE INSPECTION FEES

BYLINE: PETER M. TIRSCHWELL; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 525 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


The state of California will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court a recent state
court decision invalidating a fee it charges to inspect seaborne imports of
agricultural products.

The decision to seek review at the high court, approved Monday by Gov. Pete
Wilson, will delay for several months carriers' ability to get reimbursed for
fees they've paid over the last four years.

The Pacific Merchant Shipping Association, which brought the case on carriers'
behalf, will still review carriers' requests for reimbursement, while the appeal
is pending. But it will hold off submitting a reimbursement plan for approval by
a state court until the appeal has run its course. That could take until next
year if the Supreme Court decides to review the case, a prospect the carrier
group says is unlikely.

The PMSA was named as the carriers' representative to evaluate and process
claims following the state Supreme Court's 7-0 decision in December making the
fee illegal.

The state has not been collecting the fees since that decision, but had
collected about $ 3.2 million from ocean carriers since the inspection program
began in 1991.

Despite the appeal, carriers still have to submit reimbursement claims to PMSA
by May 1, said Fred Fisher, an attorney representing the group.

California's Department of Food and Agriculture requires inspections of all
incoming agricultural shipments, whether they enter from another state or from
abroad. The objective is to protect the state's $ 20 billion agriculture
industry, the largest in the United States, from exotic insects and plant
diseases.

But the state collects a fee only on imports arriving by sea and air, which
carriers say is unfair. The PMSA argues that the policy discriminates against
imports and violates the commerce clause of the Constitution, which says that
only the federal government can regulate foreign commerce.

It also said that the fee generates much more revenue than is needed to conduct
the program, one reason the fee was reduced from $ 200 to $ 100 per vessel call
on Jan. 1, 1995.

The case's outcome could have an impact beyond California and beyond the
maritime industry. In Florida, the case is being watched by opponents of a $ 70
inspect ion fee the state recently began imposing on imported produce arriving
by truck.

In California, a decision in favor of the carriers could revive a similar case
being pursued by airlines, which have paid about four times as much as ocean
carriers under the same inspection program.

Mr. Fisher said that while the odds of getting a case heard by the Supreme Court
are about 1-in-100, the chances in this case are slightly better because of the
maritime and constitutional questions involved.

''The court takes commerce clause cases and they take maritime cases,'' he said.

California contends that legal precedent supports the 1990 California Airport
and Maritime Plant Quarantine Act, under which the state began assessing fees on
imports.

''Our position is this state law is entirely constitutional and consistent with
U.S. Supreme Court decisions,'' said Charles Getz, assistant attorney general.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 24, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

GARDENING;
Honors Go to Two Disease-Resistant Elms

BYLINE: By JOAN LEE FAUST

SECTION: Section 13WC; Page 16; Column 3; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 799 words


AWARDS are the thing at the close of the year. They go to actors, record
manufacturers, television shows, products -- and even plants.

One of the biggest honors was recently announced by the Agricultural Research
Service, which is part of the United States Department of Agriculture. In the
long quest to find American elm trees resistant to the deadly Dutch elm disease
fungus, two new varieties -- Valley Forge and New Harmony -- have been found
worthy of introduction.

Valley Forge was honored by being planted on the grounds of the nation's capitol
at a ceremony in June recognizing the nearly 70-year contribution to
horticultural science made by the scientists at the National Arboretum.

The tree is the culmination of extensive breeding efforts at the arboretum by
the plant geneticist Alden M. Townsend. He and the now-retired geneticist
Lawrence R. Schreiber and technician Warren O. Masters screened thousands of
American elm seedlings in hopes of finding specimens that were tolerant to Dutch
elm disease.

They had their work cut out for them as it has been estimated that probably just
1 in 1,000 of the rooted cuttings studied would prove to be disease tolerant.
Then their task was to grow the trees to fuller size and test them further by
inoculating them with the disease to assess their tolerance of it.

This type of work went on for nearly 20 years. The result is not only Valley
Forge but also New Harmony. These are the first commercially available American
elm trees that are said to be disease tolerant.

Several hundred cuttings have been distributed to nurseries, arboretums and
experiment stations for further testing. It is expected that, after wider
propagation by these sources, the elms could be introduced to the retail trade
in about three years.

The American elm has always been a prized shade tree -- witness how many cities
and towns have Elm Streets. But in the 1930's, the elm disease came into the
country on a shipment of logs from France. In 50 years, almost the entire elm
population was wiped out. It has been estimated that 77 million trees were lost.
Although the disease was first identified in the Netherlands, tree experts are
quick to note that it is the American species that is most susceptible.

One advantage of any elm tree is that it can withstand adverse environmental
conditions. Besides, no other tree has the elegant vase shape for which the
stately elm is famous. Several grass-roots programs have also been at work to
restore this fine tree, and it definitely looks as though the future for the
species is brightening.

Also a recent honoree is the sweet bay magnolia, (Magnolia virginiana). The
Garden Club of America has selected it to receive its Montine McDaniel Freeman
Horticulture Medal, created to advance the use of native plants. Runners-up
recognized by the club were the pawpaw and a rhododendron named Northern Lights.

The magnolia also received honors from Project Native, a joint effort by the New
England Wild Flower Society and the Garden Club Federation of Massachusetts to
recognize the worthiness of native plants.

This sweet bay magnolia, is hardy from Zones 5 to 9. The flowers, though not as
showy as the well-known saucer magnolia, are also white, smaller, about two
inches across, but nicely scented with a kind of lemony odor. One of the pluses
for this magnolia, is its rather modest size, allowing it to be accommodated in
landscapes as a specimen tree or even a patio shader.

One of these trees, the Henry Hicks sweet bay magnolia, was given to the Arthur
Hoyt Scott Horticultural Foundation on the campus of Swarthmore College in
Pennsylvania. It has proved to be evergreen there, keeping its leaves even when
temperatures were well below zero.

The Arthur Hoyt Scott Foundation has also been prolific in presenting awards to
deserving plants. Each year, for the past eight years, it has recognized
little-known and underused plants, gaining them acceptance in the trade.

Four plants were named this year, one tree and three shrubs. The tree is the
three-flower maple (Acer triflorum), a small grower known for its outstanding
fall leaf color. The shrubs are two hollies, Scarlett O'Hara with an abundance
of scarlet red berries at this time of year and Mesid Blue Maid, a large grower,
one of the Meserve holly hybrids that is claimed to be quite heat resistant, and
a lilac, Ivory Silk, that blooms in midsummer with creamy white panicles.

Although they were not among the favorites selected for this year's award, two
favorites of particular merit are the dwarf summersweet named Hummingbird
(Clethra alnifolia), which fits extremely well in a small garden, and the
handsome, somewhat compact-growing viburnum Eskimo, which explodes with lovely
white flowers in late spring.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing.

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            March 27, 2001, Tuesday

CLAIM ON KENNEDY KILLING

SECTION: ROP; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 104 words


A UNITED States scientist today re-opened the debate over President Kennedy's
assassination by claiming a key error was made in rejecting the two-gunmen
theory.

D B Thomas, a forensic scientist with the United States Department of
Agriculture, conducted research in Dallas, the city where John F. Kennedy was
shot on November 22 1963.

He claims a 1978 investigation into whether a second gunman was involved was
flawed.

In research published in the Science and Justice, the journal of the Forensic
Science Society, he claims statistical methods used in analysing police radio
recordings made key errors.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2001 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 7, 1988, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

AGRICULTURE TALKS STALL OVER SUBSIDIES: EC, U.S. delegates spar over elimination
or reduction of farm assistance schemes

BYLINE: France Phillips

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: Montreal,Que.


  GATT talks on the key issue of agriculture broke off abruptly yesterday over
whether farm subsidies should be eliminated or merely reduced.

Nicholaas Wegter, the Dutch agriculture spokesman for the EC, said the breakdown
occurred when the European Community negotiator left the meeting room after a
surprise appearance by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng.

Frans Andriessen, the Dutch EC vice-chairman responsible for agriculture
policies, left after Lyng said the U.S. would not consider the working document
under discussion until longterm goals on subsidy removals had been met,
officials at the meeting said.

The working paper in question prepared by Aart de Zeeuw, chairman of GATT's
Geneva-based agriculture negotiating group, was an attempt to bridge the wide
chasm between U.S. and EC proposals on farm trade reform.

20 COUNTRIES

The plan had been adopted by the more than 20 countries in the group as the
model for the GATT talks.

''We have two days to go in this meeting,'' U.S. agriculture ambassador Daniel
Amstutz said after the talks stalled.

''Whether there will be any closure (change in bargaining positions) between now
and when this meeting is over, I don't know,'' he said.

''The best that can be hoped for is that the main player (the U.S.) is
deliberately creating a crisis atmosphere in order to get some breakthrough at
the last moment,'' Wegter said.

''Sometimes stalemate is in and of itself an incentive toward movement,''
Amstutz said.

Ricardo Zerbino, who chaired the meeting and who is also chairman of the current
session of GATT talks known as the Uruguay round, will try to bring negotiators
back to the table with a revised working document.

But with this round of negotiations scheduled to end tomorrow morning, Zerbino
does not have time on his side.

Charles Mayer, Canada's minister of state for grains and oilseeds and the
Canadian agriculture negotiator at the talks, said yesterday:

''I think there is a fair amount of goodwill (around the table). Everyone is
working very hard at it, trying to do the best they can.''

It is expected Zerbino will leave aside the contentious long-term issue of
subsidy elimination or reduction and concentrate on areas in which there is some
consensus.

''Clearly the differences on agriculture are severe,'' GATT official David Woods
said yesterday in an interview.

''It is difficult to see how the two sides can be brought together much before
the final hours.''

There has been virtually no movement in the EC and U.S. positions since the
talks began Monday.

The EC advocates a short-term solution that would freeze subsidies at 1984
levels. Its proposal also calls for reductions in national farm subsidies but
identifies no precise timetable.

The U.S. insists it cannot discuss the EC short-term approach before GATT
members agree on a framework for longer-term farm trade reform.

Initially, the U.S. wanted all import barriers and subsidies affecting trade
eliminated by the end of the century.

However, it backed off the so-called zero-2000 option shortly before the
Montreal talks began.

Proposals from the Cairns Group, which includes Canada and Japan, fall in
between these two opposing positions.

Indeed, the Cairns plan was specifically drawn up to bridge the hard line taken
by the EC and the U.S.

This 14-member ''Alliance of Fair Traders'' was formed in 1986 to help break the
ruinous trade war sparked by the EC and the U.S.

It calls for an initial freeze on domestic agricultural support and export
subsidies; a 10-year plan for gradual reduction of national farm support and
trading practices and a framework of rules to monitor international trading
practices.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Police in Strasbourg, France come face to face with dairy cow
during farmer's protest while GATT talks take place in Montreal

Graph: Levels of support: all gov't subsidies to industry & agriculture, as % of
GDP

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 6, 1992, Thursday

COMMODITY BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 312 words


POLISH COPPER WORKERS

DECIDE TO EXTEND STRIKE

WARSAW, Poland - Copper workers decided Wednesday to extend their 17- day-old
strike after the Polish government turned down wage demands, a trades union
source said.

Administrators of the KGHM mining complex in Lubin, southwestern Poland, said
they exhausted all possibilities for negotiations with the strikers.

Management of the copper-producing complex was placed "on leave" on the advice
of privatization minister Janusz Lewandowski.

The strikers are asking for a wage increase and a holiday bonus. Mr. Lewandowski
called the requests unrealistic.

SUGAR EXPERT LEAVES

USDA TO JOIN KRAFT

WASHINGTON - A U.S. Department of Agriculture official involved with trade
negotiations that could allow more imports of Mexican sugar is resigning to
become a sugar buyer for Kraft General Foods Inc.

A spokesman for Kraft, the nation's largest food company, confirmed that
Cleveland Marsh has been hired as a purchasing manager. The spokesman, Michael
Mudd, said Mr. Marsh would buy sugar for the company's North American businesses
starting Sept. 1.

Industry sources said Mr. Marsh has been involved in the negotiations with
Mexico and Canada over the planned North American free-trade agreement.

GREAT POTENTIAL SEEN

FOR CHINA MEAT MARKET

TOKYO - China's meat market is full of potential for U.S. exporters, said Phil
Seng, president of the U.S. Meat Export Federation, in an interview here
Wednesday.

Mr. Seng said the Chinese market was so large and open that exporters virtually
could walk into a restaurant and sign a long-term contract to export.

He said China may have greater potential than South Korea as a market for
foreign meat packers. South Korea imports on a government-imposed quota system
and its population is much smaller, which means less demand, Mr. Seng said.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 27, 2007 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

BORDER PESTS

SECTION: Pg. A8

LENGTH: 453 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has again delayed rules that would require
all trucks crossing the border to be inspected and to pay a fee to help pay for
inspections. It should use the additional time to search for less burdensome
ways, other than inspecting every truck, to prevent diseased fruit and invasive
plants from entering the United States.

In announcing the delay on the truck rules recently, the department said it was
doing so to allow additional time to talk with the Canadian government about
"risks, inspections, and costs associated with land-border traffic entering the
United States from Canada." Such discussions should have taken place before the
rules were proposed. They were supposed to go into effect in November and the
airline requirements are still slated to take affect March 1.

Commercial traffic from Canada has long been exempt from U.S. rules requiring
inspections of and fees from commercial conveyances and international air
passengers entering this country because Canadian agricultural exports
traditionally are grown in Canada and do not harbor pests or plants of concern
to the United States. Because more produce from around the world is now going to
Canada, the department said it would eliminate the Canadian exemptions beginning
last November.

All commercial conveyances crossing from Canada to the United States, regardless
of what they were carrying, would have been subject to inspection. All would
have paid a fee, and airline passengers coming into the United States from
Canada were to be charged $5.

The department said repeatedly in the 18-page notice of the new rule that it
needs to raise more money to cover the cost of the existing and new inspections.
If the department needs more money to conduct legitimate inspections, it should
use the delay to persuade Congress to appropriate the funds or develop a plan to
have shippers that pose real risks cover the costs.

Sen. Susan Collins, the ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security and
Governmental Affairs Committee, has urged the department to consider assessing
fees only on agricultural shipments and to work with programs that already
provide border security.

Both are good suggestions.

The Canadian government strongly objects to the rules. One of the few cases the
Department of Agriculture uses to justify the rule is the 2004 interception of
Spanish oranges and Dutch peppers labeled as products of Canada. The Canadian
embassy says it was never made aware of this problem, but would have worked with
the United States to enforce laws against such re-labeling.

The delay gives the Agriculture Department time to look for alternatives rather
than moving ahead with an unnecessarily burdensome and broad rule.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 20, 1999 Friday

Canada to take offensive at WTO talks  Agriculture Minister says he'll go to the
wall to protect poultry, dairy and egg industries

BYLINE: HEATHER SCOFFIELD Parliamentary Bureau

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 789 words

DATELINE: Ottawa


Canada plans to take the offensive at the next round of world trade talks on
behalf of its burgeoning food processing industry, even as it maintains its
traditional defence of the Canadian Wheat Board and supply management.

Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief says he'll go to the wall to protect the
wheat board and the poultry, dairy and egg industries when the touchy World
Trade Organization talks on agriculture start in November.

But new on the agenda is Mr. Vanclief's dedication to opening new markets for
Canada's processed foods by knocking down high tariffs abroad.

And more controversially, Ottawa will team up with the United States to push for
an international set of strict, science-based rules for accepting genetically
modified foods produced through biotechnology.

"Food products are leading the surge in growth in world agriculture trade, and
the Canadian industry has shifted its emphasis away from exports of bulk
agricultural goods to meet this demand and capture new markets," Mr. Vanclief
said yesterday as he announced the government's bargaining position for
agriculture.

"Unfortunately, too many trade barriers to these products still remain, and this
is something we will be pushing very hard to rectify."

Canada's food processing industry has changed radically since free-trade
agreements with the United States took hold, and former branch plants have
developed into competitive companies with international mandates to produce
processed food, Agriculture Canada officials say.

The Canadian industry sends most of its exports to the United States, mainly
because the North American free-trade agreement gives Canada wide-open access to
the American market.

In 1998, Canada exported $10.7-billion in processed food, making up 47 per cent
of total Canadian agricultural exports. In 1988, before free trade with the
United States, processed food exports were worth $3.5-billion, making up 32 per
cent of total agricultural exports.

Now, the industry is ripe and ready to take on the rest of the world, except
Canadian companies are facing significant tariff and non-tariff barriers in
Europe, Japan, and attractive emerging markets, officials say.

Europe refuses to accept any Canadian canola oil because most of it is
genetically modified. In addition, Europe, Japan and emerging markets carry
stiff tariffs that hamper the sale of Canadian processed food there.

Canada will be asking for the elimination of those tariffs.

And as for genetically modified foods, Canada will be seeking an addendum to the
Agreement on Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures, which sets out international
rules about when countries can block imports based on health or safety.

The addendum would force countries to accept genetically modified foods unless
they can prove in front of a body of international scientists -- such as the
UN's Codex Alimentarius Commission or the World Health Organization -- that the
food is not safe, officials said.

"The health and safety of our food, the protection of our environment, animals
and plant health remain key aims of the government of Canada, and are
cornerstones of all our policies -- trade or otherwise," Mr. Vanclief said. "But
the basis of our decision making must be science, not emotion."

Canada's pro-biotechnology stand has been harshly criticized within Canada,
however. Environmentalists say genetically modified food should be labelled and
should not be sold to the public until better, more independent, long-term
testing has been done.

But officials with Health Canada and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency say
their approval process is rigorous, and the genetically modified food is safe.

During the next WTO round, Ottawa will also make a priority of defending the
Canadian Wheat Board and marketing boards for dairy, poultry and eggs, Mr.
Vanclief said.

The United States has made it clear it intends to target Canada's systems, but
Mr. Vanclief said he won't back down in this area. "We'll go all the way to
preserve orderly marketing in Canada. That's the best way I can sum it up."

Ottawa will also push for the elimination of all export subsidies in agriculture
, and call for a limit on the amount of domestic subsidies that governments give
their farmers.

High agricultural subsidies, especially in the United States and the European
Union, have helped push down prices to the lowest levels this century, Mr.
Vanclief said. "The bidding war between these two powerhouses is hurting farmers
all over the world, quite frankly, not just here in Canada."

He said the trade round should only last three years, unlike the previous
Uruguay Round that took seven years to complete. "The outcome of these
negotiations will be vitally important to the future prosperity of the Canadian
industry."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     March 13, 1992, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. report fuels corn, soybean drop

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 17, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 333 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


The U.S. Agriculture Department's failure to reduce its estimate in the
supply/demand tables released Wednesday fuelled the selling that took Chicago
Board of Trade corn and soybean futures lower yesterday.

CBOT floor sources had expected the department to cuts its corn ending stocks
estimate by 25 million to 50 million bushels and its soybean estimate by at
least 15 million.

CBOT soybean values settled US4 cents to US6 1/2 cents a bushel lower with the
most active month, July, ending at US$6.02 1/4, down US6 1/2 cents.

Additional selling in the soybean pit was facilitated by news the Brazilian
soybean harvest was gathering momentum.

Corn values at the CBOT closed US 1/2 cents to US2 1/2 cents lower with featured
July finishing the day at US$2.78, down US1 3/4 cents.

Declines in corn were offset by rumors South Africa this week would purchase
about 300,000 tonnes of U.S. corn.

CBOT wheat futures moved US3 3/4 cents to US7 cents lower with most active July
closing at US$3.77 1/2 a bushel, down US7 cents.

Selling in the wheat pit was encouraged in part by rumors that one million
tonnes of French wheat was sold to Russia recently.

Milder than expected temperatures in the soft red winter wheat region also
triggered some selling interest. There had been fears early this week portions
of the crop would be damaged by cold weather.

Declines in CBOT soybean and soyoil values accounted for part of the weakness in
oilseed futures at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange.

WCE canola moved $1 to $1.60 a tonne lower with featured June closing at
$291.60, down $1.60. Flax at the WCE ended $1.80 to $4.50 lower with most active
July finishing at $215, down $4.

Both pits were additionally pressured by an increase in farmer deliveries to the
prairie elevator system, although weakness in flax was also tied to losses in
European linoil prices.

Exporter pricing, thought to be for Japanese interests, limited the losses in
the canola pit.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Out of the office and into the field: Embassy representatives tour farms and ag
businesses

BYLINE: Catherine W. Idzerda, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


Sept. 22--CLINTON -- It's not often you find international trade delegations in
Clinton, a village of 2,100 people surrounded by corn and soybean fields.

But it was the perfect place to learn about Wisconsin agriculture.

On Monday, officials from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Foreign
Agricultural Service and the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and
Consumer Protection escorted representatives from more than 25 countries on
tours of south central Wisconsin.

The tour was part of a five-day trip organized to give visitors a first-hand
look at the quality of Wisconsin products.

In Clinton, representatives from countries including Japan, Finland, New
Zealand, Australia, Angola, Canada and the European Union stood in front of the
massive grain bins at the DeLong Company, soaking in fall sunshine and
knowledge.

The DeLong Company is a major exporter of food grade soybeans for international
markets, and many of the international representatives had questions about the
growing, harvesting and separation of genetically modified organism products
from non-GMO products.

Thea Emmerling, minister of the delegation of the European Union to the United
States, noted two issues concerning GMOs: safety and consumer right to know.

The European Union has approved 45 GMOs for food and food purposes, said
Emmerling, who is head of food safety, health and consumer affairs.

"Then there is the labeling issue," Emmerling said. "In the European treaties,
there is an established right to information. The consumer has the right to
know, and the consumer wants to know what is in his or her food."

Efforts to labeled GMO food in the United States have met with very little
success.

Jen Pino-Gallagher, the director of DATCP's bureau of agriculture market
development, said such tours were an important part of marketing Wisconsin's
products. Her bureau often provides tours and information with business people
and government representatives from foreign countries.

Connecting people with farmers "provides a deeper and more lasting impression,"
Pino-Gallagher said.

"It's the difference between looking at a menu and tasting the food," she said.

The USDA tour is for foreign officials stationed at their respective embassies
in the United States.

"These people are the front door to agriculture in their respective companies,"
Pino-Gallagher said.

___ (c)2014 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140922-JG-Out-of-the-office-and-into-the-field-Embassy-representatives-tour-fa
rms-and-ag-businesses-0922-20140922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2014 The Janesville Gazette


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Seattle Times

                             March 11, 2005, Friday

Cow auction part of a rare breed these days

BYLINE: By Judy Chia Hui Hsu

LENGTH: 881 words



The sound of men yelling mingled with the occasional moo as the black-and-white
Holsteins were paraded in front of buyers perched on bales of hay.

It's rare to see these public auctions on local farms nowadays -- the last one
occurred about a decade ago. But nearly 100 people from Western states descended
on Snohomish yesterday as third-generation farmer Dennis Thomas put 210
registered Holstein dairy cows on the auction block.

With the threat of mad-cow disease increasing, and the number of farms -- and
cows -- shrinking nationwide, demand is up. But as cities continue to encroach
on rural land, yesterday's public sale may be one of the last of its kind in the
Puget Sound region.

The shortage of dairy cows in the country has become more pronounced since 2003,
when the U.S. Department of Agriculture banned all cattle from Canada after a
case of mad-cow disease was discovered there, said Blair Thompson, a spokesman
for the Washington Dairy Products Commission.

"Canada [shipped] between 100,000 to 150,000 animals every year to the United
States," Thompson said.

The number of dairy farms in the United States and in Washington has been
shrinking for decades, and in recent years, the number of dairy cows also has
been on the decline, Thompson said. Nearly 190,000 dairy farms were active in
the United States in 1960, but in 2003, there were only about 58,000, according
to the USDA. The U.S. dairy-cow population has decreased from about 20 million
in the 1950s to about 9 million today.

"I'm downsizing because when the next crunch comes, I don't want to be there
suffering," Thomas said, adding that the dairy industry goes "up and down like a
yo-yo."

Cattle auctioneer Ray Nelson of Vancouver, Wash., who has worked in the industry
for 35 years and led yesterday's event at Thomas Farms, remembers when these
auctions were held "all over Oregon and Washington" more than a decade ago.

"It used to be you had an auction right at the farm and the guys came over and
bought them," Nelson said.

Thomas said he wanted to auction off his cows to see if he could get better
prices than if he used a broker, the more common method of selling livestock.
After the auction, he will still have about 600 Holsteins at his dairy farm,
which overlooks the Snohomish Valley.

With the cows selling for between $ 1,800 and $ 3,200 apiece, Thomas expected to
make about $ 500,000 yesterday. He wants to pay off debts and invest in his
topsoil business, which has flourished as residential developments multiply.

Thomas' move is contributing to the dwindling number of dairy cows in the state.
As of January, there were 235,000 dairy cows, 11,000 fewer than five years ago,
according to the Washington Agricultural Statistics Service. The number of dairy
farms in the state has also decreased, from 3,000 in 1990 to 850 in 2003.

Like Thomas, many dairy farmers are diversifying their businesses to survive,
Thompson said.

While the price of milk is regulated by the government, the farmers' costs
"fluctuate according to the market -- land, replacement animals, fuel,
insurance, labor and, in particular, environmental compliance," he said.
Environmental-compliance measures include strict regulations on how waste and
water must be dealt with so as not to contaminate the area's drinking supply.

"That is what we call the squeeze that has forced so many farmers out of
business," Thompson said.

Yesterday, buyers from all over Washington, as well as some from Idaho, Oregon,
Utah and Colorado, scanned catalogs as cows entered the ring, herded by farm
hands wielding skinny canes.

Hans Van Dam and his wife traveled from their farm near Salem, Ore.

"There seems to be a low supply of dairy animals," he said. At the midpoint of
the auction, he and his wife had bought five cows.

Joe and Jon Thiel of Kuna, Idaho, purchased 15 cows several hours into the
auction, and had only begun to spend their $ 100,000 allowance.

The Thiel family farm, with a herd of 900 cows, has been in existence "forever,"
said Jon Thiel, 20. His brother, Joe, said it was founded in 1932.

The brothers are used to traveling long distances to purchase cows, and have
been doing so since the cow shortage began several years ago.

"There's no cattle in our area for sale," said Joe Thiel, 23.

"The cows are getting pretty short, and you can't multiply them very fast,"
Thomas said. "It will be a long time until you see 20 million of them again."

Thomas looked around and pointed to the new housing developments.

"I've got houses everywhere around me," he said, adding that in about five
years, he expects homes to replace much of what was once farmland.

Although he's determined to make both of his businesses succeed, Thomas said he
is willing to let go of the family tradition.

"If it gets too hard, I'll just quit," he said.



-----

To see more of The Seattle Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.seattletimes.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Seattle Times

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SE-CATTLE-AUCTION-20050311

JOURNAL-CODE: SE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                          Copyright 2005 Seattle Times


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 25, 1989, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Sugar Quota Is Increased

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Page 32, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 24


The United States Agriculture Department increased the nation's sugar quota
today by 13.5 percent, the second time in three months that the Government has
increased imports to combat tight supplies and high domestic prices.

The announcement by Agriculture Secretary Clayton K. Yeutter was praised by
American food processors, which have been paying between 28 and 31 cents a pound
for sugar this year - the highest level since 1981.

The retail price of sugar sold in grocery stores has also increased to about 40
cents a pound this year from 36 cents in 1988.

Effective Monday, the United States sugar import quota will be increased by
272,915 metric tons, to 2,259,865. The increase is in addition to a 861,695-ton
rise announced on Sept. 12.

Department officials also said today that they would liberalize rules that
currently limit how much sugar that countries with large quota allocations can
deliver to the United States at different times during the quota period.

Industry groups have said the restrictive delivery schedule has forced some
nations to wait until late in the period to deliver their sugar, creating
artificial shortages that increase prices.

The Agriculture Department supports domestic sugar prices through production
loans and an import quota. As American sugar production has grown and the use of
sweeteners has increased, the import quota has been reduced from its high of
about five million tons in 1981.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture minister wants Mexico to retaliate against U.S. meat-labelling rules

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


OTTAWA Federal Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz is urging his Mexican counterpart
to come up with retaliatory measures against meat-labelling requirements imposed
by the United States.

Ritz says country-of-origin labelling, also known as COOL, is costing the North
American meat industry billions of dollars. He made the comments after meeting
with Mexican Agriculture Secretary Enrique Martínez and U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack in Mexico City this week.

"I reminded Secretary Vilsack that Canada is preparing to implement retaliatory
measures once authorized by the WTO (World Trade Organization)," Ritz said in a
conference call Wednesday.

"I made it very clear that Canada will not blink on this issue."

Ritz said the list of measures has caught U.S. attention and he wants Mexico to
"keep up the pressure."

The agriculture minister said legislation prevents Mexican officials from going
public with retaliatory measures until a ruling comes from the WTO. But he
suggested that even talking about having a comprehensive list could help with
public opinion in the United States.

Ritz said his discussion with Vilsack was candid, although nothing new came out
of it.

"I did get the feeling that they are coming to grips with the fact that this one
is slipping away from them, but of course, it's never over till it's over," said
Ritz.

"I think there's a growing recognition that this is harming U.S. industry far
more than it would ever be any help to American consumers."

U.S. rules on country-of-origin labels, introduced in 2002 and enforced since
2008, are blamed for reducing Canadian cross-border meat exports by half.

Some U.S. companies have said they can't afford to sort, label and store meat
from Canada differently than meat from domestic animals. Industry groups argue
the information is of no real value to the consumer. Opponents also say the
rules violate free-trade agreements.

However, the provisions are supported by some border-area ranchers who compete
with Canadians and Mexicans, and by their allies in Congress.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 1, 2004, Saturday

SPAIN AND FRANCE ON CSF-FREE LIST

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 100 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service is amending its regulations to recognize France and Spain as regions
free of Classical Swine Fever.

Eradicated from the United States in 1978, CSF is a highly contagious viral
disease affecting swine.

This action adds France and Spain to the regions within the European Union that
were recognized in April 2003 as regions free of CSF.

APHIS now recognizes the following countries as CSF free: Austria, Belgium,
France, Greece, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, and most of Germany and Italy.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 1, 2004, Saturday

SPAIN AND FRANCE ON CSF-FREE LIST

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 100 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service is amending its regulations to recognize France and Spain as regions
free of Classical Swine Fever.

Eradicated from the United States in 1978, CSF is a highly contagious viral
disease affecting swine.

This action adds France and Spain to the regions within the European Union that
were recognized in April 2003 as regions free of CSF.

APHIS now recognizes the following countries as CSF free: Austria, Belgium,
France, Greece, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, and most of Germany and Italy.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 9, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Wheat Exports

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 50 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 8


An expected 11 percent drop in wheat exports in 1988-89 will cut into the United
States share of the world wheat trade, Agriculture Department analysts said
today. ''World market share may fall from 43 percent in 1987-88 to about 40
percent,'' the department's Economic Research Service said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 15, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

More Wheat for China

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 14, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 60 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 14


Exporters have sold an additional 350,000 metric tons of United States wheat to
China at subsidized prices for delivery this year, the Agriculture Department
said Wednesday. A department official said the sales, equal to about 12.8
million bushels, were part of an authorized two million tons of wheat announced
April 5 under the Export Enhancement Program.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 12, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Grasshopper Fight Expands

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 50 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 11


An additional $10 million has been made available to help fight grasshoppers in
the West, Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said today. The additional money
raised to $35 million the amount the Department of Agriculture has specified to
pay for the aerial spraying of grasshoppers this year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

California: APHIS Declares Eradication of European Grapevine Moth from United
States

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS) announced the European grapevine moth (EGVM) (Lobesia
botrana) has been eradicated from California and is lifting the Federal
quarantine on 446 square miles of Napa and Sonoma Counties that have been under
regulation since June 2010. APHIS and the California Department of Food and
Agriculture (CDFA) have conducted extensive survey, control, and regulatory
efforts for over three years and found no EGVM in this last quarantined area.
This means the United States is free from this pest and unrestricted movement of
grapes and other host commodities from these areas can resume. This action is
effective on August 18, 2016.





 In October 2009, APHIS confirmed the first detection of EGVM in the United
States in major grape production areas of Northern California. In 2010, APHIS
took regulatory actions and established quarantine boundaries, ultimately
detecting nearly 101,000 moths that year. APHIS partnered with CDFA and affected
counties to work closely with industry, the University of California Cooperative
Extension Service, the EGVM Technical Working Group, and other stakeholders to
eradicate this pest within California.



 The grape industry along with the state, county, university, and Federal
cooperators will remain vigilant by continuing to monitor for EGVM and other
economic grape pests.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Adesina receives honorary doctorate degree at Purdue

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 332 words


Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, has bagged
prestigious honorary Doctor of Agriculture degree at the Purdue University, West
Lafayette, Indiana in the United States. The award was conferred on him during
spring commencement ceremonies in the West Lafayette campus' Elliott Hall of
Music. Adesina was one of the two awardees for [...]

Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, has bagged
prestigious honorary Doctor of Agriculture degree at the Purdue University, West
Lafayette, Indiana in the United States.

The award was conferred on him during spring commencement ceremonies in the West
Lafayette campus' Elliott Hall of Music.

Adesina was one of the two awardees for honorary doctorate degree during the
ceremony, the second being William "Bill" Dudley Jr., president and CEO of the
Bechtel Group, who got Doctor of Engineering degree. Both Adesina and Dudley are
Purdue alumni.

While conferring the award on the minister, the President of Purdue University,
Mitchell Daniels Jr. paid glowing tributes to Adesina for his exemplary
performance as a minister, which earned him recognition as one of the honorees..


Earlier on Friday, Dr. Adesina was honoured in the College of Agriculture, where
he gave a lecture on lessons to learn from Nigerian Agricultural Transformation.


Dean of the college, Dr. Jay Akridge, commended the minister for deploying his
intellect into transforming agriculture and was glad that an alumnus of Purdue
lived up to their expectation.

Dr. Adesina, in his presentation to the college, underscored the importance of
inclusive growth in agriculture, which he said had taken a turn for the better
under his watch as minister.

Among the major achievements outlined by Dr. Adesina, in his presentation, were
the impact of fertiliser and other key input subsidies, reaching out to 2.5
million women farmers under the Growth Enhancement Support scheme and the
establishment of Nigerian Agricultural Payment initiative.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2015 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 5, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

WORLD BUSINESS BRIEFING: EUROPE;
COMPLAINT ON MEAT BAN

BYLINE: By Alan Cowell

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 104 words


The European Commission called a United States ban on poultry and pork imports
from all European Union countries "disproportionate." The United States
Agriculture Department issued the ban on Thursday after meat from Belgium was
found to contain the toxic chemical dioxin. Amid concern the chemical may also
be present in Belgian beef, the Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland, Canada and
Hong Kong have joined the United States in restricting Belgian food imports. The
European Commission has said it will ban the sale of chicken, pork, beef and
dairy products from around 1,000 Belgian farms.
   Alan Cowell (NYT)

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 1, 1990, Thursday

S. KOREAN MINISTER DEFENDS FARM IMPORT BARRIER STANCE US OFFICIALS DISMISS
ARGUMENT

BYLINE: KEITH M. ROCKWELL; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 619 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Domestic political pressure will keep South Korea from liberalizing its
agricultural market in multilateral trade negotiations, its agriculture minister
maintains.

The minister, Kyung-Shik Cho, points out that the average Korean farm is only
1.2 hectares (about 3 acres) and that Korean agriculture is still at the
subsistence level. Although Seoul is embarking on a massive structural reform
program for agriculture, which includes land consolidation, mechanization and
irrigation projects, Mr. Cho said it may take 40 or 50 years before the market
an be opened.

"If we opened the door totally before completing our structural adjustment, I'm
afraid Korean agriculture will have no chance and will end in ruin," said Mr.
Cho in an interview.

U.S. officials dismiss Mr. Cho's position, arguing that all countries, including
the United States, face political pressures when removing protection from
imports.

"Nothing is impossible, even agriculture reform . . . If we are willing to say
everything is on the table, we expect everyone else to do the same," says
Victoria Clarke, assistant U.S. trade representative for public affairs.

The United States is seeking in the Uruguay Round of international trade talks
to cut, over 10 years, global farm subsidies for export by 90 percent, internal
support by 75 percent and import barriers by 75 percent.

The four-year round, being conducted under the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, is slated to end in December. GATT is the Geneva-based organization that
overseas most world trade in goods.

While South Korea does not supply export subsidies to its farmers, it does give
some internal support and import barriers are equivalent to a tariff of more
than 300 percent for many goods.

Mr. Cho said South Korea would not agree to the 75 percent reduction in such
protection and would need more than the 10-year period to finish its
restructuring.

While he conceded that other countries face political difficulties in the
Uruguay Round, he said agriculture posed different problems than areas like the
textiles industry in the United States, which figures to undergo transformation
if protection is surrendered in the GATT round.

"The United States has a tendency to disregard such differences. In the
industrial sector, workers can move from one factory to another, but that is not
necessarily the case with agriculture," Mr. Cho said.

Seoul cannot accept the U.S. proposal of "tariffication," which would convert
quotas to tariffs and then reduce them over time, for 15 sensitive products and
will not reduce protection for rice farmers at all.

Rather than agree to submit these 15 products - which include corn, beef and
soybeans in addition to rice - to tariffication, Mr. Cho said Seoul is prepared
to ensure certain levels of market access for imports.

"We will guarantee minimum market access levels for these goods, except rice . .
. but we want to maintain a minimum production base for these items," he said.

South Korea currently imports 98 percent of its corn consumption, 85 percent of
soybean consumption and 45 percent of beef demand, he added.

The Bush administration strongly opposes leaving certain products, particularly
rice, off the negotiating table in the GATT round. The rice question is perhaps
the most delicate issue for Japan and Mr. Cho says it is highly important for
Korea as well.

One reason for the Korean insistance on maintaining production of rice, Mr. Cho
said, is the nation's worry over food security.

But Ms. Clarke of USTR says such arguments cut little ice with U.S. officials.

"Raising food security is like the name of God: It is invoked at the strangest
times," she said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              March 1, 1985 Friday

UNITED STATES   The sparks fly   in the farm field

BYLINE: WILLIAM JOHNSON; GAM

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  WILLIAM JOHNSON
 A
  SIGHT to behold is the United States in full national debate. Everyone
 gets in on the act, from the President on down. There is public theatre
 and rhetoric, behind-the-scenes lobbying, politicking galore.

This past week the United States has held a national debate on its farm
 policy. The Reagan Administration wants to reduce the network of
 governmental supports that have led farmers to produce far beyond the
 demand for farm products. On the other hand, the farmers, hit by the high
 U.S. dollar that makes farm exports expensive and competing farm imports
 cheap, don't like marching as the front-line soldiers in Ronald Reagan's
 war on socialism.
    "The time is right to start moving the Government out of agriculture,"
 Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said Sunday in a televised interview.

He acknowledged that a totally free market in agriculture is unlikely,
 and that the Government is "never going to get completely out. (But) we
 must move the Government more out than it's been before."
    The Democrats in Congress, who are still on the defensive after the
 Reagan landslide of last November, at last saw a chance to go on the
 offensive, to embarrass the Republicans and recover the high ground of
 moral concern for the downtrodden. That worked beautifully as "the
 fairness issue" in the 1982 congressional elections, in the midst of a
 recession, but backfired against Walter Mondale when he preached concern
 for the wretched in the midst of last year's boom. Now, with the farmers
 unquestionably taking a beating, "fairness" is back in.

Last week the Senate Democrats filibustered the confirmation of Edwin
 Meese as attorney-general, demanding an opportunity to vote on a bill that
 would provide more credit to farmers. Republicans from farm states backed
 them up.

Then, Sunday, the state governors came to town for the annual meeting
 of the National Governors' Association. They left no doubt about who was
 responsible for the plight of the farmer - the Congress.
    "The farmers' greatest enemy is the Congress of the United States,
 because they don't have the guts or the courage, and they won't make the
 hard decisions to straighten out America's fiscal mess," said South
 Dakota's Governor William Janklow, a Republican. He brought the entire
 105-member Legislature of South Dakota with him - only two members failed
 to show up to lobby Congress and the Administration.

As the governors met, they heaped scorn on Congress for failing to
 balance the federal budget - they argued that a balanced budget would
 lower interest rates and lower the exchange value of the dollar, easing
 the pangs of the farmer.
    "There's an irony in the fact that the nation that can put a man on the
 moon apparently can't keep a family down on the farm," said Montana's
 Governor Ged Schwinden, a Democrat. Governor Michael Dukakis of
 Massachusetts noted that 49 of the 50 states require the state budget to
 be in balance every year. He mocked federal politicians for saying it was
 tough to reduce the federal deficit to manageable size in four years.

In addition to the paid lobbyists who swarmed over Capitol Hill,
 several hundred state legislators had come in from 15 western farm states
 and went from office to office to drum their message home.

On the prairies, some 14,000 farmers converged on the Iowa State
 University campus in Ames, driving tractors and trucks to show their
 displeasure. They brought with them a "coffin" supposedly containing the
 body of budget director David Stockman, who has been outspoken against
 farm subsidies, and amused themselves by driving nails into it.

On Wednesday the pressure paid off. The House and the Senate passed
 measures to help the farmer: the House approved $3-billion in guarantees
 for farm loans, the Senate voted $1.8-billion.

The White House has threatened to veto the bills when they reach the
 President. That would really set the cat among the pigeons.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            May 29, 2002, Wednesday

KOREA TAKES UP THE SLACK

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 262 words


TOTAL beef exports from the United States during the first quarter of the year
were marginally lower, by one per cent, or 2,000 tonnes, when compared to the
corresponding year-earlier period, at just under 195,000 tonnes.

Total exports to Japan, the main destination for US beef, during the first
quarter of 2002 were almost 32 per cent lower than corresponding 2001 levels, at
just over 59,000 tonnes, as consumer concerns in Japan regarding the safety of
beef following the discovery of BSE towards the end of last year continue to
limit demand.

And, according to the United States Department of Agriculture, much of the
decline in exports to Japan was offset by a substantial 65 per cent increase in
beef exports to Korea.

During the January to March period, the US shipped just under 55,000 tonnes of
beef to Korea, making it the second largest market for US beef exports.

In spite of a four per cent fall in exports to Mexico, overall volumes remain
firm, at just over 43,000 tonnes, as a result of lower domestic Mexican
production and an increased beef demand caused by a growing middle income
population demanding more meat protein.

Exports to Canada, the fourth largest market for US beef, increased by just over
six per cent on year-ealier levels, to almost 21,000 tonnes.

The majority of US exports us used to supply the stagnating fresh/chilled
sector.

Canada's overall frozen meat imports have increased significantly in recent
years, but the US faces still competition from Australia, New Zealand and
Uruguay in this market.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

New York: Agriculture & Markets, NYS Dept. of Issues Solicitation for "NY State
Fair Corporate Sponsors"

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Agriculture & Markets, NYS Dept. of has issued requirement for "NY
State Fair Corporate Sponsors"



 Reference No.: SF170102



 Solicitation Type: General



 Description: The NYS Department of Agriculture & Markets is soliciting
Corporate Sponsors for the New York State Fairgrounds in Syracuse. The New York
State Fairgrounds is one of the largest and most versatile year-round exhibit
complexes in the United States. It hosts the seventh largest state fair in the
country and a wide variety of sporting, entertainment and consumer events that
bring nearly 2 million people through its gates each year.





 Deadline for All responses: 09/02/2017



 Contact Information:



 Agriculture & Markets, NYS Dept. of

 NYS Fair

 Todd Dupell

 Sales Manager

 581 State Fair Blvd.

 Syracuse, NY 13209

 United States

 Ph: 315-487-7711 ext.1237

 Fax: 315-487-9260

 todd.dupell@agriculture.ny.gov



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 15, 2004, Saturday

US SPRING POTATO CROP DROPS 22%

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 166 words


THE latest Crop Production report issued by the United States Department of
Agriculture shows that spring potato production in 2004 is forecast at 19.1
million cwt, 22 per cent below last year.

Area for harvest is estimated at 71,700 acres, 15 per cent below last year. The
average yield is forecast at 266 cwt per acre, 22 cwt below a year ago.

A request from Congress to the USDA to purchase potatoes is finding a little bit
of controversy.

Twenty-seven members of Congress USDA Secretary, Ann Veneman, requesting
assistance in making additional purchases of potatoes and potato products under
'bonus buy' provisions.

Dennis Conley, legislative liaison for dehydrated potato processor, Basic
American Foods, sent in a letter to the USDA outlining the company's opposition
to the purchase.

THE United States and Japan will begin a series of technical working group
meetings next week with the objective of resuming beef trade between the two
countries in the summer.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 March 2, 2003

'EU's cows are richer than Africans'

BYLINE: Stuart Graham

SECTION: Economy, Business & Finance; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 375 words


'EU's cows are richer than Africans'

EUROPE and the US must show they are serious about alleviating poverty in Africa
by reforming their agricultural policies, says Digby Jones, chairman of the
Confederation of British Industry.

"Sub-Saharan Africa has to be able to sell its agricultural products into the
developed world if it is to fight poverty effectively," says Jones.

Jones says that every cow in Europe receives a subsidy of $ 2 a day, while 800
million people in Africa earn on average only $ 1 a day.

He says French President Jacques Chirac is mostly to blame for the impasse on
reforms. "Chirac could change the situation in 24 hours if he wanted to, which
is why I cannot understand why he stood up at the Franco-African summit to say
we need to end poverty in Africa."

Jones says countries such as Spain and Italy have similar policies, but are able
to hide behind Chirac. "Britain is Africa's best friend on this issue, but we
need to persuade the EU and the US."

The conference of the G7 nations scheduled for midyear will provide the ideal
opportunity to raise these issues with the world's wealthiest nations.

The CBI has 3 000 companies as members and is affiliated to over 200 other trade
associations. In total, it represents about 11-million employees.

Jones says that because South Africa is democratic and lawful, English-speaking
and in the same time zone as Europe, it is an attractive destination for British
business. The country could, in 20 to 30 years, become a springboard for British
businessmen wanting to invest in the rest of the continent.

Jones says one of the CBI's responsibilities is to educate members about South
Africa - especially on the importance of black empowerment. "I am very positive
about empowerment because if South Africa gets it right, a new market will open
up for British investors."

Jones says South Africa deserves credit for the way it has handled its fiscal
and monetary policy since 1994. "There must have been huge temptation to make
financial reforms really quickly ... Today however, South Africa is completely
developed in monetary and fiscal terms."

The one area of weakness is the government's confusing policy on HIV/Aids, he
says. -



LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2003 Times Media Limited


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 11, 2001 Wednesday

U.S. offers relief on PEI potato ban;
Small shipments of spuds could start;
in 48 hours, if Island growers accept deal

BYLINE: JACK MacANDREW, Special to The Globe and Mail, with a report from
Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTETOWN


Frustrated PEI potato farmers got good news from the federal Minister of
Agriculture yesterday when he flew in to tell them the United States border
would be open to their potatoes within 48 hours.

"It is not all of the way, but it is a big step," Lyle Vanclief told more than
400 Prince Edward Island growers who packed a Charlottetown hotel conference
room.

Mr. Vanclief, who met with Island potato growers during a closed meeting,
cautioned that some restrictions would apply.

The partial lifting of the ban on PEI potatoes affects more than half the 600
growers on the Island and also removes restrictions on shipments of PEI potatoes
within Canada.

"Just this morning, we received a letter from the United States with a number of
conditions, which are a giant step forward as far as opening up the United
States market and also the movement of potatoes from Prince Edward Island within
Canada," Mr. Vanclief told the crowd.

The letter was signed by Richard Dunkle, deputy administrator of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Mr. Vanclief said shipments could resume from two zones farthest from a lone
field where potato wart was found last year.

The United States banned PEI potatoes in October after potato wart was found in
a corner of one commercial field. While the highly contagious disease doesn't
harm humans or other crops, it causes unsightly bumps that leave potatoes
unmarketable.

The Island potato industry still must accept the provisions before the border
reopens. It will then go to the potato board for approval.

The provisions include restricting most shipments to 50-pound bags or less of
potatoes that have been washed and had their sprouts clipped to prevent them
from being planted. The United States also removed the requirement for washing
shipments of bulk potatoes within Canada.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                               May 1, 1987 Friday

U.S. to sell Soviet Union 4 million tons of wheat

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 271 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Reuter WASHINGTON
The Soviet Union has agreed to buy four million metric tons of U.S.
subsidized wheat, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng says.

The wheat will be sold to the Soviet Union under the Department of
Agriculture's export enhancement program, which offers traders Government-
owned surplus grain as a subsidy, Mr. Lyng told reporters. The wheat will
be sold at competitive world prices and shipped no later than Sept. 30, he
said.

Mr. Lyng's announcement followed rumors that have driven wheat prices
higher on U.S. exchanges in recent months.

Last year Washington offered Moscow the same quantity of subsidized
wheat but was rebuffed. Soviet officials said the wheat subsidy, set in
advance at $15 (U.S.) a metric ton, still left U.S. wheat higher priced
than that of competitors.

Mr. Lyng said the new subsidy offer - covering the hard, red winter
variety of wheat - would be different because the United States this time
will ensure the wheat will be at world prices.

'It (the subsidy offer) will not be the same as last year. This one  will work,'
Mr. Lyng predicted.

The U.S. Agriculture Secretary said that after several weeks of
negotiations, the Soviet Union gave firm acceptance to the U.S. offer
yesterday.

Mr. Lyng and Agriculture undersecretary Daniel Amstutz would not say
how much the subsidy would be. But Mr. Amstutz said the Soviets will pay
competitive prices and that the subsidies will not be so high as to price
the wheat below world market price.

In another export subsidy offer, the United States attached a subsidy
of $33.73 a metric ton on a shipment of 25,000 tons of hard, red winter
wheat to Yugoslavia.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     March 24, 1992, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Cattle futures drop as more in pipeline

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 42, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Live cattle futures at the Chicago Mercantile Exchanged reacted yesterday to a
report, released after the close Friday, which indicated large numbers of cattle
are in the pipeline.

Futures ended the session US25 cents to US70 cents per hundredweight lower after
the U.S. Department of Agriculture, in its seven-state cattle-on-feed report,
indicated a large number of cattle were placed into feedlots during February.

Continued sluggish retail beef demand also undermined CME live cattle values,
with the most sought-after April contract ending the session at US$77.10 per
hundredweight, down US65 cents.

A USDA report indicating not as many pork bellies were being removed from
storage for use as previously thought weighed on CME pork belly futures.

Declines ranged from US5 cents to US45 cents per hundredweight, with the
featured May contract down US45 cents to US$38.22.

Ideas the Commonwealth of Independent States will be offered more credit to buy
American agricultural products lifted CBOT corn and soybean.

On the weekend, U.S. President George Bush said the U.S. and its allies should
aid Russia through expanded financial support.

Advances in corn ranged from US1 cents to US2 cents with the dominant May
contract closing at US$2.71 1/4per bushel, up US1 cents.

In soybeans, the most active May contract ended at US$5.87 1/4 per bushel, up
US1 3/4 cents, with the other months US 1/2 cents to US2 1/4 cents higher.

Gains in soybeans were tempered by ongoing competition in the export market from
South America as the soybean harvest in Brazil and Argentina gears up.

Strength in the Canadian dollar pressured Winnipeg Commodity Exchange canola
futures as importing countries backed away from the market.

Futures were undermined further by ideas prices were out of line with CBOT
soybeans after sharp declines in soybean futures Friday.


WCE canola finished 60 cents to $1.50 per tonne lower. The featured June
contract settled at $289.20, down $1.50.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    June 13, 1990, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Cuts in farm spending now vital, Yeutter says

BYLINE: United Press International

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


Congress will have to cut crop-subsidy rates and look for other ways to save
money, such as limiting the acreage eligible for subsidies, because of the
worsening federal deficit, Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said yesterday.

It was the first time since Congress began writing the new farm policy law that
Yeutter suggested what should be done on sensitive issues such as the crop
target prices. In the past, the administration only pointed to areas for
Congress to consider in order to reduce the cost of the farm program.

''My hope was that we could freeze target prices over the life of the 1990 farm
bill, as the House )Agriculture( Committee has proposed,'' Yeutter said in a
letter to senators. ''However, the federal budget deficit has worsened.''

Two unpalatable choices are emerging, Yeutter said. The budget summit could
mandate additional cuts in spending or the Gramm-Rudman balanced-budget law
might impose a budget cut of 20% to 40% on the farm program, which ''would
devastate many of our programs.''

The House Agriculture Committee has proposed a freeze on target prices with an
eye to writing a farm bill that would cost about US$53 billion (C$62 billion),
the amount of money that would be spent if there were no change in current law.

Yeutter's letter arrived on the day the Senate Agriculture Committee planned to
begin work on crop-support programs for the farm bill. The letter spoke strongly
against higher loan rates. Midwestern Democrats on the panel have argued for
higher loan rates and target prices as a way to protect farm income.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture minister wants Mexico to retaliate against U.S. meat-labelling rules

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: 20140521


OTTAWA Federal Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz is urging his Mexican counterpart
to come up with retaliatory measures against meat-labelling requirements imposed
by the United States.

Ritz says country-of-origin labelling, also known as COOL, is costing the North
American meat industry billions of dollars. He made the comments after meeting
with Mexican Agriculture Secretary Enrique Mart#237;nez and U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack in Mexico City this week.

"I reminded Secretary Vilsack that Canada is preparing to implement retaliatory
measures once authorized by the WTO (World Trade Organization)," Ritz said in a
conference call Wednesday.

"I made it very clear that Canada will not blink on this issue."

Ritz said the list of measures has caught U.S. attention and he wants Mexico to
"keep up the pressure."

The agriculture minister said legislation prevents Mexican officials from going
public with retaliatory measures until a ruling comes from the WTO. But he
suggested that even talking about having a comprehensive list could help with
public opinion in the United States.

Ritz said his discussion with Vilsack was candid, although nothing new came out
of it.

"I did get the feeling that they are coming to grips with the fact that this one
is slipping away from them, but of course, it's never over till it's over," said
Ritz.

"I think there's a growing recognition that this is harming U.S. industry far
more than it would ever be any help to American consumers."

U.S. rules on country-of-origin labels, introduced in 2002 and enforced since
2008, are blamed for reducing Canadian cross-border meat exports by half.

Some U.S. companies have said they can't afford to sort, label and store meat
from Canada differently than meat from domestic animals. Industry groups argue
the information is of no real value to the consumer. Opponents also say the
rules violate free-trade agreements.

However, the provisions are supported by some border-area ranchers who compete
with Canadians and Mexicans, and by their allies in Congress.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Observes Kick Off of the International Year of Soils

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today begins its celebration of the
International Year of SoilsThis is an external link or third-party site outside
of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to highlight the
importance of healthy soils for food security, ecosystem functions and resilient
farms and ranches.

"Healthy soil is the foundation that ensures working farms and ranches become
more productive, resilient to climate change and better prepared to meet the
challenges of the 21st century," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said during
an event today at USDA headquarters. "We join the world in celebrating this
living and life-giving resource."

With an increasing global population, a shrinking agricultural land base,
climate change and extreme weather events, the nations of the world are focusing
their collective attention to the primary resource essential to food
production-the soil. The United Nation's Food and Agriculture Organization
(FAO), working within the framework of the Global Soil PartnershipThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website., spearheaded the adoption of a resolution by the UN
General Assembly designating 2015 as the International Year of Soils. The year
of awareness aims to increase global understanding of the importance of soil for
food security and essential ecosystem functions.

"Most people don't realize that just beneath our feet lies a diverse, complex,
life-giving ecosystem that sustains our entire existence," said Jason Weller,
chief of USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS). "We are helping
producers unlock the power of soil health as part of an important and very
successful national campaign. Our campaign demonstrates our renewed commitment
to soil conservation and soil health."

NRCS is coordinating activities to mark USDA's involvement in the International
Year of Soils. Nearly 80 years ago, NRCS, formerly the Soil Conservation
Service, was created to improve the health and sustainability of our nation's
soils. The agency's original mission continues to this day - providing
assistance to producers looking to improve the health of the soil on their land.

Conservation that works to improve soil health is one of the best tools NRCS has
to help landowners face these impending challenges - and maintain and improve
their productivity with the use of soil management systems that includes cover
crops, conservation tillage and no-till and crop rotations. These systems reduce
sediment loss from farms and ranches, buffer the effects of drought, flood and
other severe weather; sequester carbon and create biodiversity in our rural
landscape.

"International Year of Soils provides an opportunity for us to learn about the
critical role soil conservation and improved soil health play in the economic
and environmental sustainability of agriculture," Weller said.

Working with the Soil Science Society of AmericaThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. (SSSA) and other partners, NRCS will be showcasing the importance of
soil with monthly themes created by SSSA:

January: Soils Sustain Life

February: Soils Support Urban Life

March: Soils Support Agriculture

April: Soils Clean and Capture Water

May: Soils Support Buildings/Infrastructure

June: Soils Support Recreation

July: Soils Are Living

August: Soils Support Health

September: Soils Protect the Natural Environment

October: Soils and Products We Use

November: Soils and Climate

December: Soils, Culture and People

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Guidance for Travelers for the 2016 Sukkot Holiday

LENGTH: 539  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection reminds travelers of guidance related to the
annual Jewish holiday of Sukkot.





 The travel period for the holiday is from Oct. 8 through Oct. 31.  The holiday
begins after sundown on Oct. 16 and ends after nightfall on Oct. 23.  CBP
understands that observant travelers entering the United States during the
Sukkot holiday might carry religious items in their vehicles if arriving at land
border ports of entry or in their personal baggage if arriving by aircraft.
These items are regulated to prevent the introduction of invasive pests and
diseases; however, these items might be allowed into the United States after
inspection by CBP Agriculture Specialists. These items include ethrogs, palm
fronds, twigs of willow and myrtle.



 The following guidance is provided for travelers:



 Ethrogs:



     Personal shipments of ethrogs are allowed entry through North Atlantic and
Northern Pacific ports of entry after inspection by CBP Agriculture Specialists.
North Atlantic ports are defined as Atlantic ports north of and including
Baltimore; ports on the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Seaway; Canadian Border
ports east of and including North Dakota; Andrews Air force Base and Washington,
D.C. (including Dulles) for air shipments.  Northern Pacific ports are defined
as Pacific ports north of California including Alaska, Canadian Border ports
west of and including Montana, excluding Hawaii.

     Travelers will be asked to open the container with the ethrog and unwrap
it.  The agriculture specialist will inspect the ethrog.  If either insect
stings or pests are found, the ethrog will be prohibited from entering the
United States.  If neither is found, the traveler will be allowed to rewrap and
re-box the ethrog for entry into the United States.



 Palm Fronds:



     Single palm fronds, for religious purposes, will be inspected by
agriculture specialists and released if no pests or symptoms of disease are
found.



 Twigs of Willow:



     If the twigs of willow are from Europe, they will be prohibited from
entering the United States.  If they are from other than Europe, they will be
inspected by agriculture specialists and released if no pests or symptoms of
disease are found.

     Also, if the twigs of willow are green in color, have soft tissue present,
or have buds that sprouted, then they are capable of being grown and are
prohibited from entering the United States.



 Twigs of Myrtle:



     Twigs of myrtle will be inspected by agriculture specialists and released
if no pests or symptoms of disease are found.



 If travelers have any concerns resulting from the inspection of their religious
items at a port of entry, a CBP supervisor is always available to answer
questions and address their concerns.  As always, CBP is committed to treating
all travelers, including travelers who may be observing Sukkot, with respect and
dignity at all U.S. ports of entry.



 Visit CBP's website for additional information about clearing CBP inspection
during travel to and from the United States.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Guidance for Travelers for the 2016 Sukkot Holiday

LENGTH: 539  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection reminds travelers of guidance related to the
annual Jewish holiday of Sukkot.





 The travel period for the holiday is from Oct. 8 through Oct. 31.  The holiday
begins after sundown on Oct. 16 and ends after nightfall on Oct. 23.  CBP
understands that observant travelers entering the United States during the
Sukkot holiday might carry religious items in their vehicles if arriving at land
border ports of entry or in their personal baggage if arriving by aircraft.
These items are regulated to prevent the introduction of invasive pests and
diseases; however, these items might be allowed into the United States after
inspection by CBP Agriculture Specialists. These items include ethrogs, palm
fronds, twigs of willow and myrtle.



 The following guidance is provided for travelers:



 Ethrogs:



     Personal shipments of ethrogs are allowed entry through North Atlantic and
Northern Pacific ports of entry after inspection by CBP Agriculture Specialists.
North Atlantic ports are defined as Atlantic ports north of and including
Baltimore; ports on the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Seaway; Canadian Border
ports east of and including North Dakota; Andrews Air force Base and Washington,
D.C. (including Dulles) for air shipments.  Northern Pacific ports are defined
as Pacific ports north of California including Alaska, Canadian Border ports
west of and including Montana, excluding Hawaii.

     Travelers will be asked to open the container with the ethrog and unwrap
it.  The agriculture specialist will inspect the ethrog.  If either insect
stings or pests are found, the ethrog will be prohibited from entering the
United States.  If neither is found, the traveler will be allowed to rewrap and
re-box the ethrog for entry into the United States.



 Palm Fronds:



     Single palm fronds, for religious purposes, will be inspected by
agriculture specialists and released if no pests or symptoms of disease are
found.



 Twigs of Willow:



     If the twigs of willow are from Europe, they will be prohibited from
entering the United States.  If they are from other than Europe, they will be
inspected by agriculture specialists and released if no pests or symptoms of
disease are found.

     Also, if the twigs of willow are green in color, have soft tissue present,
or have buds that sprouted, then they are capable of being grown and are
prohibited from entering the United States.



 Twigs of Myrtle:



     Twigs of myrtle will be inspected by agriculture specialists and released
if no pests or symptoms of disease are found.



 If travelers have any concerns resulting from the inspection of their religious
items at a port of entry, a CBP supervisor is always available to answer
questions and address their concerns.  As always, CBP is committed to treating
all travelers, including travelers who may be observing Sukkot, with respect and
dignity at all U.S. ports of entry.



 Visit CBP's website for additional information about clearing CBP inspection
during travel to and from the United States.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Duncan Banner (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 6, 2009 Friday

Kazakhstan business leaders visit Comanche

BYLINE: Derrick Miller, The Duncan Banner, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Nov. 6--When Oklahoma State University was looking for a school to discuss
agriculture education with business leaders from Kazakhstan, OSU looked to
Comanche High School.

CHS was chosen because it is a school that excels in Sustainable Agriculture
Education (SAE) by raising and showing animals. The Kazakhstan visitors went to
several schools to get an example of agriculture in Oklahoma and the United
States.

Several CHS agriculture students, including Courtney Wright, Jessica Chapman and
Andrew Aldridge, were given a chance to discuss their trade with the business
leaders Oct. 28. They spent about 1 1/2 hours taking about Comanche's
agriculture.

"They were really interested in sheep production," Wright said.

CHS FFA teacher Jacey Fye said Kazakhstan's agriculture isn't as advanced as
agriculture in the United States. For the business leaders, the visit to CHS was
a learning experience, a chance for them to see how they could improve
agriculture in their country.

Wright said the visitors were surprised to find that sheep could be strengthened
by running on a treadmill. They were also interested in finding out about how
much money can be made by selling the meat of sheep.

The students also got an opportunity to talk about Comanche's sheep dairy, which
is one of only a few.

"They were eager to hear about it," Wright said.

In all, 11 people, including one interpreter, came to visit the school. While
the business leaders were getting an opportunity to learn, the CHS students got
the chance to interact with another culture.

"It's need for me to meet people from another country," Wright said.

Chapman said she also liked getting to meet the business leaders, some of whom
were unable to speak any English. Those who could speak English were limited to
the basics of the English language.

The students said each time they talked, they had to go sentence by sentence to
allow the interpreter an opportunity to convey what they were saying to the
visitors.

Fye said she was impressed with how the students handled themselves, whether
discussing agriculture or giving speeches.

"I was really honored OSU chose us," Fye said. "The students did an excellent
job."

To see more of The Duncan Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duncanbanner.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Duncan Banner, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091106-DJ-Kazakhstan-business-leaders-visit-Comanche-1106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DJ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      July 10, 2003 Thursday FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Beef: It's what's in court

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 489 words


The high-profile beef promotion program suffered a setback this  week when a
federal appeals court ruled that U.S. ranchers cannot  be forced to pay a $
1-per-head fee to support the marketing effort,  best known for its 'Beef: It's
What's for Dinner' campaign.


The unanimous ruling by a three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit  Court of
Appeals affirmed a 2002 South Dakota decision that the  national beef checkoff
program violates the First Amendment rights  of cattle ranchers. However, that
ruling flies in the face of a  contrary finding by a Montana court.


Such contradictory findings may tempt the U.S. Supreme Court to  rule on the
validity of the beef program - a finding that may also  determine the fate of 15
similar national marketing programs and  dozens of similar efforts at the state
level. Until the high court  rules, or formally declines to review the case, the
beef program  will probably be allowed to continue.


Three South Dakota ranchers had sued the U.S. Department of  Agriculture and the
Cattlemen's Beef Promotion and Research Board  arguing that they should not be
forced to pay for a marketing  campaign they don't agree with. They criticized
the program because  it promoted beef in general and not just beef raised in the
United  States - despite the fact that beef importers also pay the  $ 1-a-head
promotional fee.


The program was authorized by the Beef Promotion and Research Act  of 1985 and
upheld by a referendum among all cattle producers and  importers on May 10,
1988. Of the 256,505 valid ballots cast, 78.91  percent favored the program.


Foes of the program submitted 127,927 signatures to the U.S.  Department of
Agriculture in 1999 to force a new referendum on the  program. But only 83,464
signatures were ruled valid - less than  the 107,883 necessary to call for a new
referendum. The opponents  then sued to stop the program.


Frankly, The Post finds the First Amendment argument to be quite  out of place
in this case. The marketing program may include  elements of 'speech,' but it's
a government-authorized program  supported by nearly four-fifths of the people
who pay the fees. If  a small minority of beef producers doesn't have to pay for
a  program they disagree with, we wonder if those Americans (a  plurality,
actually) who voted for Al Gore will be excused from  paying federal taxes while
George Bush is president. For that  matter, can pacifists stop the government
from advertising for  recruits to the armed forces?


Besides the marketing effort, the beef checkoff supports health and  safety
programs as well, such as research into controlling deadly  pathogens such as
E-coli. We hope the U.S. Supreme Court does agree  to hear this case - and that
it upholds the concept of majority  rule and restores the beef marketing
program. It's what makes  sense.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 12, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Fewer Apples Likely After a Dry Summer

BYLINE: By HAROLD FABER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 54; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 628 words

DATELINE: HUDSON, N.Y., Sept. 9


The apple harvest started in New York State this week, with all indications
pointing to a small crop because of this summer's drought.

If the estimates prove to be accurate, New York will drop from second to third
place among the apple-producing states of the United States.

"The crop is down considerably, about 80 percent of the five-year average," said
Craig Telgheder, the apple expert of Cornell University's Cooperative Extension
Service here in Columbia County, a major fruit-growing area.

He said the apples were generally smaller than usual because of the lack of
water and that the number of apples was down, too, but that the fruit was
sweeter than usual.

After all the apples are picked, the statewide crop will be about 1.02 billion
pounds, down 13 percent from the 1.17 billion pounds in 1992, according to
forecasts by the New York Agricultural Statistics Service in Albany.

A Gain by Michigan

Michigan, usually the No. 3 apple state, will show a slight rise in production
this year, from 1.08 billion pounds last year to 1.1 billion pounds, the United
States Department of Agriculture said.

Washington State, in the No. 1 spot, produces almost half the apples grown in
the United States.

The Department of Agriculture estimated Washington's production for 1993 at 4.8
billion pounds, about the same as last year. The national output of apples this
year will be 10.8 billion pounds, up from 10.7 billion pounds last year, it
said.

For consumers, the changing rating of the states will have little impact on
prices, according to the apple experts. Last year, retail prices at supermarkets
ranged from 39 cents a pound to 89 cents, depending on the apple's variety and
the time of year.

Variations in Price

Warren Smith, an apple specialist for the extension service in Ulster County,
described 1992 as "a horrible year" financially for the state's apple growers.
He cited an average price per pound to farmers of 9.9 cents, down from 12.7
cents the year before.

As a result, total farm income from apple growing, which constitutes a major
segment of New York's agriculture, dropped to $116 million last year, down from
$133 million in 1991.

Larry Cosman, who grows a variety of apples on his 250-acre farm in Middle Hope
in Orange County, said it was too early to say how apple growers would fare
financially in 1993.

Mr. Cosman, who started to pick McIntosh apples this week, said that the volume
of his crop was somewhat lower than last year but that early prices seemed to be
"more normal" or higher than last year.

In Albany, the State Agricultural Statistics Service said the crop in eastern
New York, which includes the Hudson and Champlain Valleys, would be about 350
million pounds, down 15 percent from a year ago. In western New York, it said,
the crop would be about 670 million pounds, down 12 percent from a year ago.

New Jersey Sees Increase

Less than half of New York's production, about 550 million pounds last year, was
sold for eating. The rest, 650 million pounds, went for juice, cider and apple
sauce.

New Jersey and Connecticut are both relatively small apple-growing states. This
year, Connecticut, like New York, will show a drop in production, from 42
million pounds to 34 million pounds, but New Jersey's crop will be up, from 55
million pounds to 85 million pounds, according to the statistics service.

"Seasonal variability" was the explanation by Jerry Frecon of the Cooperative
Extension Service in Gloucester County, New Jersey's largest apple-growing area.

"Last year we had a late frost in May, which damaged the buds," he said. "This
year, we have a heavy crop, due to a mild spring, and although dry weather
caused smaller fruit size, our total yield is up."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Grants
Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)"

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service Officer has issued
requirement for "Grants Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)."

Solicitation no. AG-32SB-S-13-TH001         Posted on:  October 16, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description:  The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) provides this Sources Sought
Announcement to identify qualified vendors with a demonstrated capability to
provide services and/or products that could assist in the evaluation, selection,
design, integration, business process reengineering and implementation of
potential alternatives to the existing grants management software in place at
NIFA.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  May 07, 2014 11:59 pm Eastern

Contact Details:  5601 Sunnyside Avenue
Beltsville, Maryland 20705
United States

Point of Contact(s): Travis Heller
travis.heller@ars.usda.gov
Phone: 301-504-1713

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=363497b6fbf3115f7198a727c0a2d355&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Grants
Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)"

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service Officer has issued
requirement for "Grants Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)."

Solicitation no. AG-32SB-S-13-TH001         Posted on:  August 26, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description:  The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) provides this Sources Sought
Announcement to identify qualified vendors with a demonstrated capability to
provide services and/or products that could assist in the evaluation, selection,
design, integration, business process reengineering and implementation of
potential alternatives to the existing grants management software in place at
NIFA.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  May 07, 2013 11:59 pm Eastern

Contact Details:  5601 Sunnyside Avenue
Beltsville, Maryland 20705
United States

Point of Contact(s): Travis Heller
travis.heller@ars.usda.gov
Phone: 301-504-1713

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=363497b6fbf3115f7198a727c0a2d355&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Grants
Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)"

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service Officer has issued
requirement for "Grants Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)."

Solicitation no. AG-32SB-S-13-TH001         Posted on:  July 29, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description:  The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) provides this Sources Sought
Announcement to identify qualified vendors with a demonstrated capability to
provide services and/or products that could assist in the evaluation, selection,
design, integration, business process reengineering and implementation of
potential alternatives to the existing grants management software in place at
NIFA.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  May 07, 2014 11:59 pm Eastern

Contact Details:  5601 Sunnyside Avenue
Beltsville, Maryland 20705
United States

Point of Contact(s): Travis Heller
travis.heller@ars.usda.gov
Phone: 301-504-1713

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=363497b6fbf3115f7198a727c0a2d355&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Grants
Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)"

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service Officer has issued
requirement for "Grants Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)."

Solicitation no. AG-32SB-S-13-TH001         Posted on:  June 19, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description:  The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) provides this Sources Sought
Announcement to identify qualified vendors with a demonstrated capability to
provide services and/or products that could assist in the evaluation, selection,
design, integration, business process reengineering and implementation of
potential alternatives to the existing grants management software in place at
NIFA.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  May 07, 2014 11:59 pm Eastern

Contact Details:  5601 Sunnyside Avenue
Beltsville, Maryland 20705
United States

Point of Contact(s): Travis Heller
travis.heller@ars.usda.gov
Phone: 301-504-1713

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=363497b6fbf3115f7198a727c0a2d355&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Grants
Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)"

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service Officer has issued
requirement for "Grants Management Software - Request for Information (RFI)."

Solicitation no. AG-32SB-S-13-TH001         Posted on:  February 24, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description:  The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) provides this Sources Sought
Announcement to identify qualified vendors with a demonstrated capability to
provide services and/or products that could assist in the evaluation, selection,
design, integration, business process reengineering and implementation of
potential alternatives to the existing grants management software in place at
NIFA.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  May 07, 2013 11:59 pm Eastern

Contact Details:  5601 Sunnyside Avenue
Beltsville, Maryland 20705
United States

Point of Contact(s): Travis Heller
travis.heller@ars.usda.gov
Phone: 301-504-1713

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=363497b6fbf3115f7198a727c0a2d355&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 4, 2004, Saturday

US ESTIMATES POUNDS 34.6BN IN AGRI-EXPORTS

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 292 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture's final export forecast for fiscal
year 2004 indicates sales are expected to reach $ 62 billion (pounds 34.6
billion), $ 5.8 billion (pounds 3.2 billion) more than last year.

This represents the highest sales ever, eclipsing the old record of $ 59.8
billion (pounds 33.4 billion), set in fiscal year 1996.

This forecast is up $ 500 million (pounds 279 million) from May's estimate
largely due to stronger-than-expected cotton, beef and pork exports.

"The export performance for this year confirms that our efforts to expand
economic opportunities for our nation's ranchers and farmers are working," said
US Agriculture Secretary, Ann M Veneman. "Moreover, US agricultural trade
supports close to a million American jobs, so this record benefits the entire
American economy.

"Our goal in the months ahead will be to expand trade possibilities even more
through the World Trade Organization and other negotiations."

Canada remains the number one market for US agricultural products, with exports
estimated at $ 9.6 billion (pounds 5.3 billion), followed by Japan, at $ 8.9
billion (pounds 4.9 billion), and Mexico, at $ 8.6 billion ($ 4.8 billion).

In fiscal year 2004, Asia is projected to be the United States' largest regional
market, with sales there expected to reach $ 24.5 billion (pounds 13.6 billion).
This compares to $ 23.3 billion (pounds 13 billion) forecast to be shipped to
markets in the Western Hemisphere.

Exports to China are expected to reach $ 6 billion (pounds 3.3 billion), up from
$ 3.5 billion (pounds 1.9 billion) last year.

China now is the leading importer of US cotton and soybeans, and also imports
large quantities of US wheat, hides and skins.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           November 3, 2001, Saturday

ORGANIC MILK OUTPUT IN US SET TO DOUBLE

BYLINE: Richard Halloran

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 422 words


ORGANIC milk output is set to double in the United States over the next two
years.

This is one of the key findings in a report recently published by the New York
-based Datamonitor organisation on behalf of the US Organic Trade Association
(OTA).

"Organic milk output was estimated at $ 598 million in 2000," said the OTA's
Barbara Haumann

"And this figure is set to rise to over $ 1.1 billion for the year ending
December 31 2002."

These projections come in the same week that saw US Department of Agriculture
announce its intention to harmonise organic farming standards across the United
States.

Essentially, the proposal offers a national definition for the term "organic."
Currently, organic food is certified by various private and state organizations
that each use their own standards for the term.

On the table is a series of methods, practices, and substances that can be used
in producing and handling organic foods, as well as processed products. What's
more, clear labelling criteria and rules are to be established so that consumers
know exactly what they are buying when they purchase organic food.

The new proposals specifically prohibit the use of genetic engineering, sewage
sludge, and irradiation in the production of food products labelled "organic."
They will also prohibits antibiotics in organic milk production and will
requires 100 per cent organic feed for organically-reared dairy cows.

It is also envisages that the new standards will allow US food processing
businesses to effectively export their organic produce more easily because
trading partners can deal more easily with one national standard rather than
multiple state and private standards.

It is, therefore, envisaged that a significant proportion of the increase in
American organic milk output will end up on European consumers' plates, once or
two problems have been ironed out. This point was confirmed to Farming Life by
the Wisconsin based-Geissbuhler Cheese Company.

"First off, though, we have to come to grips with the GMO problem," said Fritz
Geissbuhler.

"Testing for genetic modification is set to become an integral part of the new
organic standard but it may take some time for the European consumer to be
convinced of its effectiveness."

There is currently a 70 per cent differential between the price paid for
standard and organic milk in the US. Fritz Buhler said: "We are currently paying
our farmers $ 17 per cwt for organic milk. This compares with a standard price
of $ 10."

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 3, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Farm Prices Again Fall 0.4%

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 118 words


High interest rates and a slowdown in export sales of United States crops
combined to depress farm prices by fourth-tenths of 1 percent in May, according
to the Department of Agriculture.

The agency's monthly price survey showed a broad-based decline for the price of
farm goods, including soybeans, cattle, wheat, eggs and corn. The decline in May
marked the fifth consecutive month that the average prices farmers received for
their products had slipped fourtenths of 1e percent.

The May decline, as in previous months, was caused by higher interest rates and
sluggish sales of soybeans and corn, according to a spokesman for the
Agriculture Department.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to The United States of America as represented by The
Secretary of Agriculture (Colorado) on December 09, titled as "Antiviral
activity of bovine type III interferon against foot-and-mouth disease virus"

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,906,384, on
December 09, 2014, to The United States of America as represented by The
Secretary of Agriculture (Colorado), titled as "Antiviral activity of bovine
type III interferon against foot-and-mouth disease virus"

Inventors:  De Los Santos; Teresa B. (Miller Place, NY), Zhu; James J. (Niantic,
CT), Diaz-San Segundo; Fayna (Ronkonkoma, NY), Grubman; Marvin J. (Southold,
NY), Koster; Marla J. (Cutchogue, NY)
Assignee:  The United States of America as represented by The Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, CO)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
member of the bovine type III IFN family, boIFN-.lamda.3, was identified and
characterized. We expressed boIFN-.lamda.3 using a recombinant replication
defective human adenovirus type 5 (Ad5) and demonstrated antiviral activity
against foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV) and vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV)
in bovine cells in vitro. Cattle were inoculated with Ad5-boIFN-.lamda.3
followed by intradermolingual or aerosol FMDV challenge. Results demonstrated
that the type III IFN family is conserved in bovines and that treatment of
cattle with boIFN-.lamda.3 alone or in combination with IFN-.alpha. is able to
confer delayed and reduced severity of FMD. Furthermore inoculation with
Ad5-boIFN-.lamda.3 alone conferred full protection against aerosol challenge for
at least 7 days after administration suggesting that type III IFN used in
combination with FMD vaccines could fill one of the current gaps in emergency
vaccination against FMDV."

The patent was filed on December 22, 2010 Application no. 12/976,129

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 17, 2004, Saturday

PEOPLE & PLACES: POLITICALLY CORRECT SLAUGHTER IN THE USA

BYLINE: AGNES CRAWFORD

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 144 words


THERE is always the danger that when you take a flippant view of a serious
subject you annoy people.

And there are few things more serious than BSE.

That being said, I could not resist taking a less than serious view of a
statement from the United States Department of Agriculture.

Referring to the slaughter of a number of calves following the discovery of BSE
in the United States, a statement from the USDA included the following: "... in
another important development, USDA personnel began the process of de-populating
the bull calf operation outside Sunnyside, Washington, this morning.

"Approximately 450 calves have been transported from the farm to a designated
slaughter facility to be euthanized according to American Veterinary Medical
Association guidelines."

A long-winded way of sayinhg the calves were humanely slaughtered.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 11, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Cotton Harvest Up 40%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 90 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DEC. 10


The 1981 United States cotton harvest is expected to produce almost 15.6 million
bales, 40 percent larger than last year's drought-reduced crop, the Department
of Agriculture said today. Officials said the new estimate, based on Dec. 1
indications, was ''virtually unchanged'' from last month. Cotton output in 1980
was 11.1 million bales. According to the department's records, it will be the
biggest cotton harvest since 16.5 million bales were produced in 1953. The
record high was 18.9 million in 1937.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 3, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Immigration's place in agriculture

BYLINE: Sharon O'Toole Guest Commentary, Slavery, Wyo.

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-03

LENGTH: 719 words


The range sheep industry in the United States is small, but as recent reports in
The Denver Post detail, it is utterly dependent on foreign labor. The sheep
industry is a microcosm of American agriculture. Without foreign workers, the
United States could not produce food in commercial quantities.

Consumers may look at lamb chops and wool sweaters and think they can do without
or buy imports from Australia and China. However, if they eat fresh broccoli, or
a lettuce and tomato salad, or drink orange juice, it is on their table because
a foreign laborer helped to put it there. If a consumer enjoys chicken strips in
a fast-food joint, or a fish dinner in a pricey restaurant, that chicken or fish
has passed through the hands of a foreign worker. Steak or hamburger? The steer
may have been herded by a foreign cowboy or processed by a foreign meat-cutter.

Without the labor provided by foreign workers, we could not economically produce
food in this country, just as we could not clean motel rooms or operate
restaurants. An argument has been made that American agriculture should be
"exported" to countries where production is cheaper. After all, the defunct
American textile industry has been exported to China and other low-cost
countries.

But this argument falls apart immediately. Food production is too important -
for security, economic and environmental reasons - to be left to others. Europe
heavily subsidizes its agriculture because its citizens have starved within
memory. With the United States living under terrorist threat, and its borders
pervious to unexamined imports, the elimination of agriculture would be
foolhardy.

My family raises sheep and cattle in the Little Snake River Valley along the
Colorado-Wyoming border. When my husband and I turned down law school in 1976 to
purchase our own band of ewes, we took up the life of sheepherding. We herded
our own sheep for three years until our growing family and outside
responsibilities made us decide to hire a sheepherder.

At first, we looked for herders in the time-honored way - we checked in local
bars. The herders we found were, predictably, unreliable. In response to this
need, some producers formed the Western Range Association, a type of grower
cooperative whose business is to recruit, process legally and place workers with
its members. It also spends considerable time and money lobbying for sound
immigration policy for its workers and members.

Other businesses now provide a similar service, providing a reliable source of
legal employees who generally work hard, do a good job and stay with us for many
years.

These federal H2A programs have been the target of criticism. Critics report
that herders receive about $700 per month. The wage is set by each state, and
varies. However, such reports fail to mention that the employees also receive
room and board, workers' compensation coverage and, in the case of Western Range
workers, health insurance.

The men who herd our sheep are highly valued employees. They do work under what
most Americans would consider harsh conditions. They tend sheep year-round,
generally living in traditional sheep wagons without plumbing. They take pride
in their skills and take seriously their charge of keeping the sheep safe, fed
and watered.

Why do these men travel thousands of miles from their homes in Peru, Chile and a
handful of other far-flung places? They do it for the same reasons that
immigrants have always sought to come to America: opportunity. These are not men
who have chosen to trade law school for sheepherding. Conditions are desperate
in many of their homelands. Nearly all of our sheepherders are family men. They
come so they can send their children or siblings to school, so their families
can have decent housing, so they can have a chance at a better life.

Cases of abuse have been documented. Present laws make this illegal and should
be vigorously enforced. Likewise, H2A workers who break their contract and
become illegal should be detained and deported, as the law dictates.

In the bigger picture, the sheepherder visa program should serve as a model for
other "guest worker" programs. This would go a long way toward solving the
problem of illegal immigration, and toward keeping food on our tables.

Sharon O'Toole and her husband are ranchers in southern Wyoming.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OP-ED

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            December 4, 1998, Friday

US may use flour EEP to combat EU exports

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 122 words

DATELINE: BUENOS AIRES


The deputy secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture said the United
States is ""seriously considering'' using the Export Enhancement Program for
flour to combat aggressive flour exporting practices by the European Union. ""
The EU's continued aggressiveness with flour exports, displacing our sales in
some markets, has prompted us to seriously consider a flour EEP,'' Richard
Rominger told a special meeting of the International Grains Council here. Aside
from a small barley shipment earlier this year, he said the United States has
not used the EEP subsidy program for more than three years. He was careful to
make it clear that the use of a flour EEP would not necessarily lead to export
enhancement of wheat.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 7, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Cotton Prices Up Sharply On Forecast From Pakistan

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D;  Page 15;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 383 words


Cotton prices surged yesterday after a United States Agriculture Department
official in Pakistan lowered his estimate of that country's production.

The reduction, to 6.5 million 480-pound bales from the previous estimate of 6.8
million, means that Pakistan is likely to halt cotton exports in the 1994-95
marketing year, the department's attache in Islamabad said.

Orange juice and crude oil prices also rose yesterday, helping lift the
Commodity Research Bureau's index of 21 commodities 0.96 point, to 227.99.

On the Cotton Exchange in New York, cotton for December delivery surged 1.35
cents, to 81.85 cents a pound, the highest daily settlement for near-term
deliveries since June 3. The more actively traded March contract rose 0.64 cent,
to 82.34 cents a pound.

The cotton crop in Pakistan, the fourth-largest producer last year, suffered
insect damage in September that was more severe than previously thought, the
attache said in a report.

Last year, Pakistan produced 6.3 million bales of cotton, 11 percent less than
the year before. The small crop prompted the Government to ban exports in
1993-94. "This export ban is to be reviewed in December and many observers
expect the export ban will continue," the attache reported.

The shrinking outlook for Pakistani production bolsters expectations for record
American cotton exports.

"Lower crops in Pakistan and China continue to underpin the market, as well as
strong demand worldwide for cotton, a natural fiber," said Bernard Savaiko, an
analyst with Paine Webber Inc. in Weehawken, N.J.

Orange juice prices jumped on the Cotton Exchange in a technically inspired
rebound from recent losses. January deliveries rose 5.5 cents, to $1.091 a
pound.

Crude oil prices recovered from a six-day slide, helped by a sharp increase in
gasoline futures. Analysts said the energy markets were overdue for a bounce.

On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil for January delivery rose 9
cents, to $16.94 a barrel.  January heating oil rose 0.28 cent, to 47.29 cents a
gallon, and January unleaded gasoline rose 1.1 cents, to 50.46 cents a gallon.

Soybean prices fell on the Chicago Board of Trade, hurt by a weakness in the
soybean oil market. December soybeans settled yesterday at 29.06 cents a pound,
down 0.67 cent.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 16, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Francis Kelly, Analyst For Agriculture Dept.

SECTION: Section D; Page 27, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 207 words


Francis A. Kelly, a retired commodity analyst with the United States Agriculture
Department and an assistant agricultural secretary under Gov. W. Averell
Harriman of New York, died of cancer Sunday at Providence Hospital in
Washington. He was 64 years old and lived in Washington.

Mr. Kelly, a graduate of the University of Buffalo Law School, came to
Washington in 1960 as counsel to the National Farmers Union and later was a
founding partner of the law firm of Peabody, Rivlin, Lambert & Meyers. He was an
assistant in the mid-1960's to Secretary of Agriculture Orville L. Freeman, and
retired from the Agriculture Department earlier this year.

He was born in Alberta, Canada, and grew up in Pine Plains, N.Y. In World War
II, he served as a lieutenant with the Army in North Africa and Europe.

He is survived by his wife, Cornelia; three sons, Francis Jr., of Lawrence,
Kan.; Christopher, of Columbia, Mo,, and Hugh, of Washington; two daughters,
Katherine Kelly of Laredo, Tex., and Sienie Kelly of Boca Raton, Fla.; a sister,
Joan Cauley of Nunda, N.Y.; two brothers, Paul, of Allegany, N.Y., and John, of
Washington, and five grandchildren.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 25, 1987 Monday

13 nations ask Canada to seek end of food war

BYLINE: JOHN KOHUT; GAM

LENGTH: 1182 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY  JOHN KOHUT
 The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
  Prime Minister Brian Mulroney will go to the annual economic summit in
Venice next month with a strong and flexible mandate from 13 other
agricultural exporting countries to press for an early end to trade wars
now undermining agriculture worldwide.

At the conclusion of a two-day meeting in Ottawa, the so-called Cairns
Group , whose member nations together account for 25 per cent of the
world's agricultural exports, set the end of 1988 as a target for
achieving an international program to liberalize trade in agriculture.

Delegates, however, implicitly recognized this is a very tight
schedule, given the pace at which even less complex multilateral trade
negotiations have progressed.

"The Cairns Group has invited the Prime Minister to speak on behalf of
the group on agricultural trade and pursue those issues which he judges
can be successfully advanced" at the Venice meeting of the world's seven
leading industrialized countries, Canada's Minister for International
Trade, Patricia Carney, told a press conference.

The Cairns Group, which takes its name from the Australian town where
it was formed last year, sees itself as a third force with the European
Community and United States, whose hefty government supports are blamed
for creating enormous food stockpiles and a collapse in world food prices.

In a final communique, the group said it saw a positive shift in
political will toward ending agricultural subsidies. But actions on the
part of the European Community, the United States and Japan contradicted
verbal commitments and as a result, "over the past year, the problems of
low prices and surplus production had worsened."

Among the group's specific concerns is a European Community proposal to
introduce a consumer tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats. Though
aimed primarily at the United States, it would also hit countries like
Canada, Indonesia and Malaysia.

"In the United States . . . the situation potentially is even more
serious" with a range of protectionist trade legislation currently before
Congress, the communique said. Most important of all are proposals to
increase funds for the United States' export enhancement program, which
allows subsidized sales to designated countries.

The Cairns Group wants Canada - the only member that also belongs to
the Group of Seven industrialized countries - to do whatever it can to
achieve agreement on trade reform principles when Mr. Mulroney meets the
leaders of the United States, Japan, Britain, West Germany, France and
Italy in Venice.

Mr. Mulroney has already put agriculture on the agenda at that meeting.
Agreement in Venice would clear the way for detailed negotiations under
the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade in Geneva, where the United
States is expected to table proposals on July 8.

The Cairns Group insists it has been instrumental in getting GATT to
consider bringing agriculture under international trade rules for the
first time. The current GATT round was kicked off with a meeting in Punta
del Este, Uruguay, last year where it was agreed to carry out negotiations
with regard to "differential and more favorable treatment" for developing
countries.

As part of the positive shift in political will, Australian Trade
Minister John Dawkins, who is the Cairns Group's chairman, said the group
welcomed an agreement in principle this month by the 24-nation
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development to halt the current
trade war.

But he said the OECD had been silent on the matter of timing, which is
a crucial factor given the U.S. presidential election next year.

While the U.S. Congress grows protectionist, "the current (U.S.)
Administration remains our strongest ally in terms of achieving early
progress on the matter," he said.

Mr. Dawkins said the OECD agreement was not binding and the Cairns
Group wanted a contractual agreement, which could only come through GATT.

New Zealand Trade and Marketing Minister Mike Moore said that what he
wanted to see out of Geneva were proposals in a "position to be harvested
by the end of next year." Otherwise "we're looking at a protracted
negotiation" process, he said.

He said the so-called Uruguay round of GATT negotiations is tougher
than the previous Tokyo round ending in 1979 which, unlike the present
talks, did not encompass agriculture and services.

Mr. Dawkins ruled out the possibility of the Cairns Group taking
retaliatory action on trade and said it would concentrate on negotiations
within GATT.

"We have never entertained the idea of using this group in a
retaliatory way in the face of further deterioration in relation to some
of the practices of other countries," said Mr. Dawkins, whose own country
has been losing $1-billion a year because of the trade war.

Among the complex questions that need to be addressed at GATT are a
definition of subsidies, the pace of rolling them back, how far they
should be rolled back and exactly what exemptions should be given
developing countries.

Officials acknowledge that implementation of any accord is likely to
take at least a decade.

The problems created by the export subsidies war are considered
particularly onerous for Cairns Group members such as Brazil and
Argentina, whose largely agriculture-dependent economies are hard-pressed
to come up with funds for repayment of tens of billions of dollars in
foreign debts.

"Argentina does not have time," said its Secretary of Agriculture,
Ernesto Figueras. He said 30 per cent of Argentina's gross national
product comes from agriculture, which employs 23 per cent of a restive
population.

Mr. Figueras said that the Cairns Group, which consists of countries as
varied as Hungary, Malaysia, Indonesia and Colombia, have given Canada a
mandate "with enough flexibility to adapt to the particular circumstances"
at Venice.

Officials acknowledge that Cairns Group members also subsidize
agriculture. "We say we are all sinners and we have to reform our own
practices as well as suggest that others stop from sinning," Miss Carney
said.

As for Canada itself, Wheat Board Minister Charles Mayer said "there's
no question that we're in the subsidy game . . . We see ourselves as
reacting and being drawn into it in order to help our farmers."

He acknowleged that the gap between the per capita amount of farm
subsidies offered by the governments in Ottawa and Washington has been
narrowing. For instance, Canada last year announced a $1-billion payout to
its wheat farmers.

But Cairns Group members say their agriculture support policies are
small in relation to those of the United States, which subsidizes farming
to the tune of $25-billion (U.S.) annually, and the European Community,
whose subsidies are estimated at around $100-billion. While wheat trades
on world markets at about $80 (U.S.) a metric ton, U.S. and EC farmers are
assured of wheat prices at least double that for 1986-87.

Mr. Mulroney is expected to discuss agriculture with French President
Francois Mitterrand when he visits Canada this week. Mr. Dawkins said he
will be taking up the concerns of both the Cairns Group and the Australian
Government during his talks with U.S. officials in Washington this week.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 20, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE GARDEN;

SECTION: Section 2; Page 36, Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 704 words


JOAN LEE FAUST This Week:

Plant. . . . The soil is warm enough in all but the coldest northern areas to
set out tomato plants, squash and melon seed, cucumbers. . . . Transplant
seedlings of impatiens, zinnias, salvias, coleus and celosias to the garden and
terrace tubs.

Clouds

What a wonderful piece of magic it wold be to make a wish and be transported up
to the clouds for a brief time. What sport to bounce on them, childlike, and
pretend the clouds were haystacks or huge down comforters.Or maybe hide behind
one then leap to another? Or how about relaxing on a huge white puff and gliding
through the sky, so gloriously blue.

Of course, it's make-believe. But we can dream, can't we?

Travelers' Tips

Gardeners who travel overseas must be careful about stuffing plant leaves,
stems, fruits and vegetables into their suitcases. Under a new procedure, United
States Department of Agriculture inspectors can fine violators on the spot.
Those who do not declare all agricultural items can be fined $25 to $50.

According to the USDA, last year 27 million travelers came into the United
States in planes and ships and about 40 million crossed the border from Mexico.
There were more than 1.2 million interceptions of prohibited materials and
256,000 significant pests were identified.

The inspectors report that individual travelers are responsible for from
one-half to one third of illegal food, plant and animal products confiscated at
ports each year. Most of it is found in the carry-on luggage.

Certain plant materials can be brought into the country from particular overseas
locations provided travelers have the proper permits. Details on how to obtain
these permitsd and description of what materials can be brought in are outlined
in a handy free booklet ''Travelers' Tips'' available from USDA/ APHIS, Room 732
Federal Building, Hyattsville, Md. 20782.

QuestionsAnswers



BEETLE GRUBS

Last August our gardener applied Japanese beetle treatment to our lawn after
skunks tore it apart. Our tree service recommends treatment now and a local
nurserymen says to apply it when the beetles are prevalent. Who is correct? Mrs.
G.K., Tarrytown, N.Y.

Grub-proofing materials are applied to attack young grubs which live deep in the
ground. Usually only one application is necessary. Grub-proofing in August was
the best timing. An application in April would have been a good second-choice.
Application of grub controls when adults (beetles) are present would have to
coincide with egg-laying. Timing of application should follow the life cycle.
Either control grubs in late summer (mid-July to mid-August) as eggs hatch or in
spring (April) when grubs are working their way up to feed on lawn roots. Adults
(beetles) emerge in late June and forage on garden plants all summer. Females
lay eggs in the lawn and soil. Eggs hatch in 10 days and hungry grubs chew off
lawn roots so turf can be rolled up like a carpet. Chemicals for grub control
include Diazinon or a 1.5 percent granular of isofenphos (Oftanol) or
trichlorfon (Dylox). Follow label directions carefully for rates. To penetrate,
the products must watered in thoroughly afterward.



WILD VIOLETS

Can wild violets be transplanted? If so when? E.T.G., Wading River, N.Y.

Violets can be transplanted immediately after flowering. If the plants are on
private property or preserved woodlands, obtain permission first to move them.
But be warned. Violets are take-over plants and spread rapidly, especially into
lawns. Be sure they will be welcome additions to a cultivated garden or provide
them free running space in a wooded area.



BAMBOO

Will bamboo flourish in Pittsburgh? I need a fast growing plant, preferably
evergreen, for privacy. R.N., Pittsburgh, Pa.

Yes, hardy bamboo species would survive, but most nurseries have ceased
propagating bamboo because nearly all species are aggressive and difficult to
get rid of once planted. As a screen plant for privacy why not consider an
evergreen hedge such as hemlock or privet, both fast-growing.

Address questions to Garden News, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New
York, N. Y. 10036. Those of general interest are published.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Africa rising

BYLINE:   Marshall Matz

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 865 words


According to Forbes Magazine, Mr. Strive Masiyiwa is the Bill Gates of Africa.
The Econet Wireless Group headed by Masiyiwa and based in South Africa now
operates in 17 countries, employs 6,000 and generates $3 billion a year. Yet
Masiyiwa believes it is agriculture development that will drive the African
economy.

It is a belief shared by the African Union, the organization that represents
Africa's 54 nations. In the United States we are all fed by the 1 percent who
farm; in Africa some 65 percent of the population farms. While Americans spend
less than 10 percent of our disposable income on food, Africans must devote the
vast majority of their income to food. It is common for our farmers to get
yields of 200 bushels of corn per acre; in Africa 20 bushels an acre is common.

Most African farmers are smallholder farmers, tilling less than two hectares
(around 5 acres.) "Smallholder farmers are at the heart of African agriculture
and they must have access to the resources needed," said Kofi Annan, the former
secretary general of the United Nations and the father of the African Green
Revolution.

The recent White House-African Summit and African Green Revolution Forum held in
Ethiopia each emphasized the importance of the African smallholder farmer as the
key to economic development. The goal, according to Annan, is to double
production in the next five years. This would not only reduce hunger but it
would catapult the African economy.

The good news is that Africa is well on its way to achieving this goal. The Bill
and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Rockefeller Foundation have created the
Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa, AGRA, to coordinate a public-private
effort.

The seed program has now released over 450 new varieties carefully selected for
their compatibility with the African environment. The seeds include locally
adapted varieties of maize, rice, cassava, sweet potatoes, soybeans, bananas and
other African staples.

Other AGRA programs focus on soil health, markets, capacity building, financing
and public policy in those countries that make up Africa's two "breadbaskets."

"Africa has the resources necessary to feed its population and to help feed the
world as well," said Akin Adesina, the minister of agriculture in Nigeria. It is
a rich continent with poor people. Agriculture already accounts for over
one-third of Africa's combined gross national products. Further, agriculture has
strong multiplier effects on employment and is critical to achieving broad-based
economic growth, reducing poverty and addressing youth unemployment.

While continuing to expand seed production, markets and the other building
blocks of modern agriculture, there are two major challenges.

The first challenge is to get the modern seeds and other inputs needed to boost
production to the smallholder farmers who are the backbone of African
agriculture. There are now some 20,000 local agro-dealers in rural Africa. They
are privately owned businesses: mom-and-pop agriculture stores reaching
smallholder farmers in the local villages. Africa needs 200,000.

The agro-dealer network has provided farmers with over 400,000 metric tons of
seed and 1 million metric tons of fertilizers. Farmers in Kenya, Nigeria,
Mozambique, Uganda and Ghana are reporting that improved hybrid seed varieties
along with other inputs have doubled harvests. Further, agro-dealers can provide
extension services to educate smallholder farmers on best practices and tractors
to help mechanization. It is clearly time to replace hoes with tractors.

The other major challenge in Africa is government policy. While many African
countries are responding to the African Union's call to allocate at least 10
percent of their national budgets to agriculture, more attention must be paid to
consistent and reliable government regulatory policies. Trade among African
nations must be eased. Governments can also help with guaranteed financing for
smallholder farmers and other creative initiatives. In Kenya, for examp;le,
Governor Mutua in Mackakos County has purchased tractors and is lending them to
farmers for one day at a time.

In the United States we take agriculture and food production for granted. We are
the most efficient country in the history of the world when it comes to food
production. Most of our political leaders, including President Obama and those
in Congress, come from our big cities. But if we want to help Africa and its
emerging private sector economy, we must give more time and thought to
agriculture. The African Growth and Opportunity Act, AGOA, should be amended to
provide technical assistance for agriculture. Feed the Future should be made
permanent by legislation with a focus on economic development.

Africa is on the cusp of great change with six of the 10 fastest-growing
economies in the world. It is agriculture that is going to drive the next stage
of Africa's economic development, as it did in the United States after President
Lincoln created the Department of Agriculture and the land grant universities.

Marshall Matz was counsel to the Senate Committee on Agriculture. He serves on
the board of the World Food Program-USA and the Congressional Hunger Center.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:    AFRICA RISING

GRAPHIC:  Marshall Matz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                         September 25, 2002, Wednesday

US BUYS UP $ 30M OF PORK

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 167 words


THE United States Government has announced that it is to buy $ 30 million
(pounds 19.5m) worth of ham, pork patties, sausage and minced pork for the
Federal school lunch programme to help pig producers, writes DAVID McCOY.

This purchase is the biggest by the Government since 1998 when it spent $ 50m
(pounds 32.4m) to try to siphon excess supplies from the market.

The United States Department of Agriculture regularly buys smaller amounts of
meats, eggs, fruit and vegetables for the Federal school lunch programme.

This purchase is the equivalent of 50 million pounds of pork products and will
bring the amount spent by the Government buying pork products this year to
almost $ 45m (pounds 29m).

Following the announcement, pig prices increased by 50 cents to $ 1 per pound.

However, futures traders were more cautious, pointing out that this would only
remove a small proportion of the excess pork from the market and, as a result,
October contract prices eased slightly.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 12, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

VALUE OF FARMLAND MAKES A STEEP 12% DROP

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 11


United States farmland plummeted 12 percent in value in the last year, a drop so
steep that it delayed the release of the information as statisticians
double-checked their figures, the Department of Agriculture says.

The decline was the largest one-year drop in farmland values since the
Depression, and it was the fourth straight year of falling prices for
agricultural acreage, the department said last week.

Reasons for the decline included farmers' credit problems, low commodity prices,
high interest rates and the large number of farms flooding the land market, said
Bill Heneberry, a researcher with the department.

''There's an awful lot of land on the market right now,'' Mr. Heneberry said.
''There are auctions where the land doesn't sell because the seller isn't
willing to take such a low price.''

Steepest Drop 19 Percent

The 12 percent drop in the year ended April 1 followed declines of 1 percent in
1984, 6 percent in 1983 and 1 percent in 1982. The steepest one-year drop on
record was 19 percent in 1933.

With a 4 percent inflation rate taken into account, the real value of land was
off by 16 percent, the department said.

Hardest hit were the Corn Belt, the Great Lake states and the Northern Plains,
all of which suffered losses of 20 percent or more.

The six New England states of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island and Connecticut fared best, gaining 14 percent in value, a
reflection of demand for residential or other nonfarm land uses.

The annual assessment of farmland values is compiled through surveys of farmers,
lenders, real estate agents, appraisers, farm managers and others involved in
farm land markets.

This year's report had been scheduled for release a two weeks ago but was
delayed in part because the latest figures were so extreme that department
analysts wanted to go over them again, Mr. Heneberry said.

Average Is $697

Nationally, farmland averaged $697 an acre on April 1, the report said, down
from $782 last year.

The largest percentage decline came in Iowa, a center of last year's farm
financial problems, where values were off 29 percent. Nebraska was next at 28
percent. Prices were down 27 percent in Illinois, and in South Dakota values
dropped 26 percent.

Falling land values added to the financial trouble of farmers because much of
the money they had borrowed to operate was backed by their land.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tico Times (San Jose, Costa Rica)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 10, 2010 Wednesday

Agro institute: Invest in Haitian farming

BYLINE: Mike McDonald, The Tico Times, San Jose, Costa Rica

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Feb. 10--The Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture's (IICA)
general director, Victor Villalobos, called on the international community on
Tuesday to invest in a post-earthquake agricultural program in Haiti.

The new plan will cost $700 million, IICA estimates.

Institute officials said the money will be used for 20 different projects in
Haiti, including buying seeds and farming equipment, repairing and modernizing
damaged fields, reforesting and establishing farmer credit and insurance
programs. Funds will also help move some of the 1.5 million city dwellers that
were displaced by the Jan. 12 earthquake to rural areas.

Beginning Wednesday, representatives of Haiti's Agriculture, Natural Resources
and Rural Development Ministry will be visiting Italy, Canada, and the United
States in the company of IICA and United Nations officials to promote projects
among top level officials of these countries' international cooperation and
agriculture agencies.

"One dollar invested in agriculture and rural Haiti profits more (people) more
quickly than one invested in any other non-agricultural sector," Villalobos said
of the devastated industry.

According to IICA, 55 percent of Haitians already live in rural areas, the
highest proportion of rural residents of any country in the Americas. Still, its
principal agricultural products record the worst growth rates in the region.

For example, in the United States, one hectare of planted corn yields
approximately 10 tons. Between 2003 and 2007, the same size crop in Haiti
yielded less than one ton.

Villalobos said an investment in Haitian agriculture improvements can "help
generate employment, income and better living conditions for the poorest sectors
of this population."

Since the earthquake, IICA has set up a station in the Dominican Republic to
assist Haiti's agriculture ministry.

To see more of The Tico Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nicatimes.net/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tico Times, San Jose, Costa
Rica Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100210-1TT-Agro-institute-Invest-in-Haitian-farming-0210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1TT


                                 Copyright 2010


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday

PaK, US cherish long-term cooperation in farm sector

SECTION: NATIONWIDE INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD JUL 13


On the request of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) a meeting
was organised at Pakistan Agricultural Research Council (P ARC) here on Thursday
to discuss the operating procedures of the Agricultural Research Endowment Fund
(AREF), maintained under the USDA assistance, says a Press release.

Dr M. E. Tasneem, Chairman, PARC, presided over the meeting which was attended
amongst others by Howard Andersori, Agriculture Attaché, US Embassy Islamabad;
heads and representatives of Pakistan Science Foundation; Universities of
Agriculture Faisalabad and Peshawar; Pakistan Forest Institute Peshawar and
Economic Consultant MINFAL.

In his opening remarks, Dr M. E. Tasneem said that the aim of the meeting was to
share PARC experiences of success story and lessons learned during the course of
implementing AREF in Pakistan. He said PARC being responsible for implementing
the Agricultural Linkages Programme (ALP) ensured that due diligence;
transparency and financial prudence were maintained in all the research and
development projects. Chairman PARC lauded the role of USDA in providing
continued support for ALP whose coverage was nationwide.

"The objective of the ALP is to promote and support agricultural research and
development activities in accordance with Pakistan's long term development goals
and to promote long term scientific cooperation between Pakistan and the United
States in agricultural sector," he added.

On the occasion, Howard Anderson, Agriculture Attaché, US Embassy termed the ALP
a very important programme saying that USDA had been working years with PARC in
successfully implementing the R&D activities in agriculture sector. He expressed
his delight on the positive role of PARC, especially its Planning Directorate
that was engaged in AREF/ALP activities.

Later, Mirza Ghazanfar Baig, Member (Finance) and Shahida Jameel, Executive
Director ALP gave detailed presentation on the financial, technical and
administrative aspects of the research and development projects underway across
the country.

They informed that in 1999 the Government of Pakistan and the Government of the
United States of America recalling the close ties in scientific and
technological cooperation had gone into an agreement to create an Agricultural
Linkages Program (ALP) to reap the mutual benefits of agricultural research
through joint research projects and exchange of scientists.

The Government of Pakistan allowed P ARC to establish an Agricultural Research
Endowment Fund (AREF) where all proceeds rose from the sale of US wheat shall be
transferred. Fund received will be invested in government's approved
schemes/institutes. The income thus generated shall be used for ALP
activities/projects in line with the Pakistan's long-term research/development
goals for the agriculture sector. The goals focus on food security, poverty
alleviation and promoting broad based equitable and sustainable agriculture

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2006 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to The United States of America, as Represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC) on September 30, titled as "Recombinant live
attenuated foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) vaccine containing mutations in the L
protein coding region"

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,846,057, on
September 30, 2014, to The United States of America, as Represented by the
Secretary of Agriculture (DC), titled as "Recombinant live attenuated
foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) vaccine containing mutations in the L protein
coding region"

Inventors:  De Los Santos; Teresa B. (Miller Place, NY), Zhu; James J. (Niantic,
CT), Segundo; Fayna Diaz-San (Ronkonkoma, NY), Grubman; Marvin J. (Southold,
NY), Koster; Marla J. (Cutchogue, NY)
Assignee:  The United States of America, as Represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture (Washington, DC)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Previously we have identified a conserved domain (SAP, for SAF-A/B, Acinus, and
PIAS) in the foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV) leader (L) protein coding
region that is required for proper sub-cellular localization and function.
Mutation of isoleucine 55 and leucine 58 to alanine (I55A, L58A) within the SAP
domain resulted in a viable virus that displayed a mild attenuated phenotype in
cell culture, along with altered sub-cellular distribution of L and failure to
induce degradation of the transcription factor nuclear factor kappa-B. Here we
report that inoculation of swine and cattle with this mutant virus results in
the absence of clinical disease, the induction of a significant FMDV-specific
neutralizing antibody response, and protection against subsequent homologous
virus challenge. Remarkably, swine vaccinated with SAP mutant virus are
protected against wild type virus challenge as early as two days
post-vaccination suggesting that a strong innate as well as adaptive immunity is
elicited. This variant could serve as the basis for construction of a
live-attenuated FMD vaccine candidate."

The patent was filed on January 19, 2011 Application no. 13/009,211

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 2, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Pork Prices Up Daily Limit On a Large Decline in Hogs

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 55; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 381 words


Pork futures prices soared the daily allowable limit yesterday at the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange, reflecting a big decline in the United States hog
population.

On other markets, energy, cattle, soybean and most grain prices were lower.

Hog futures registered the 1.50-cents-a-pound rise at the opening bell and
stayed there throughout the trading session. The story was the same with pork
bellies, which advanced the 2-cent limit.

"There's going to be a lot tighter supply than expected well into next year,"
said Dale Durchholz, livestock analyst in Bloomington, Ill., with Agrivisor
Services Inc.

The tip-off came after the close of trading Thursday when the Agriculture
Department put the United States pig and hog herd at 58.95 million head, 4
percent below a year ago. The market was expecting a decline of about 1.3
percent.

Even more telling, though, was a 15 percent drop from last year in the breeding
stock in Iowa, the No. 1 pork-producing state. The United States Department of
Agriculture said the state's breeding herd dropped from 1.95 million head to
1.65 million.

"Iowa was really the focal point of all the weather problems in the Midwest,"
the Agrivisor analyst said.  Many farmers reduced production plans during the
summer when incessant rains sent grain and soybean meal prices sharply higher,
making the cost of feeding hogs prohibitively high, said Charles K. Levitt, an
analyst in Chicago with the Alaron Trading Corporation.

Most energy futures retreated on the New York Mercantile Exchange.  Light sweet
crude oil for November delivery was 16 cents lower at $18.63 a barrel.

The prospect of farmers making good progress on harvesting soybeans sent futures
prices lower on the Chicago Board of Trade.

This helped undermine corn futures, which had exhausted all the bullish
implications from forecasts for a weekend freeze in the northern Corn Belt, said
Don Roose, an analyst in Des Moines with U.S. Commodities Inc.

A killing frost would end the growing season in areas where some crops are still
weeks away from maturity.

Corn and soybeans gained a few cents Thursday on this weather news, but then ran
out of steam.

"Today's selloff was the path of least resistance," said Paul Georgy, president
of Allendale Inc. in Crystal Lake, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 29, 2003 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Officials Say Suspect Beef Went To a Wider Region

BYLINE:  By LYNETTE CLEMETSON; Sandra Blakeslee and Bernard Simon contributed
reporting for this article.

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1277 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 28


Federal officials said Sunday that meat linked to the investigation of a case of
mad cow disease had been distributed to eight states and Guam, more widely than
investigators initially believed.

Federal officials have asked any stores or suppliers who believe they may have
the meat to remove it from shelves and asked any customers to return suspect
meat to stores. So far, Agriculture Department officials said, roughly 100
consumers, most from Oregon and Washington State, have called the department's
hot lines to say they believe they have consumed some of the beef.

Agriculture officials said the likelihood that any of the distributed beef had
been tainted was slim, because all of the tissues known to be affected by the
disease -- those from the brain, spinal cord and a part of the intestine -- had
been removed before the carcass was processed. A recall was being maintained,
officials said, "out of an abundance of caution."

"Even though we remain confident in the safety of these beef products," said Dr.
Kenneth Petersen, chief veterinary officer of the Agriculture Department's Food
Safety and Inspection Service, in a news conference, "we are and we will
continue to verify distribution and control of all products related to the
recall."

Initially, agriculture officials said a Dec. 23 recall of about 10,000 pounds of
meat from a Dec. 9 slaughter of cattle in Washington State that included an
infected Holstein cow involved only four states: Washington, Oregon, California
and Nevada. But meat from the batch has now also been identified in Alaska,
Montana, Hawaii, Idaho and Guam, Dr. Petersen said.

The news came as agriculture officials in the United States and Canada continued
to spar over the origins of the cow on a dairy farm in Washington State that was
found to have mad cow disease, also known as bovine spongiform encephalopathy.

On Saturday, officials in Washington said they believed the diseased animal had
originated in a herd in Alberta, Canada. Canadian agriculture officials and
cattle industry experts immediately said that was a premature reaction.

"America's Beef: Blame Canada," read a headline in The Toronto Sun Sunday,
reflecting the mood of many Canadians.

There are considerable discrepancies between the positions of American and
Canadian officials on the investigation, including the age of the diseased
animal and the reliability of methods used to trace the animal's origins.

So far, agriculture officials in Washington are basing their argument that
Canada was the source of the first reported mad cow disease case in the United
States on an ear tag that they said had come from the infected cow. But many
American experts, echoing complaints of Canadian agriculture officials, said
that was unreliable evidence for building a case.

The ear tag was recovered from the animal when it was slaughtered. Records
matched the ear tag number to a herd in Canada, officials said on Saturday.

But three days before that announcement, American officials said that records on
the diseased animal were terrible and that its birthplace might never be known.

In Washington, officials worked to maintain a diplomatic balancing act: trying
not to damage relations with Canada while at the same time trying to placate the
more than 30 countries now banning American beef.

"We are not in disagreement with our Canadian counterparts about the data we
have received," said Dr. Ron DeHaven, chief veterinary officer for the
Department of Agriculture, who said he continued "to work very well," with Dr.
Brian Evans, his Canadian counterpart. Dr. Evans responded to Saturday's
announcement by saying more work needed to be done before the United States
could confirm that the diseased cow had come from Canada.

"Here in the United States," Dr. DeHaven said, "we decided it was necessary to
provide the public with the information that we have in order to ensure people
have accurate and comprehensive information and an accurate overall picture of
the situation as we know it."

He added: "The investigation is preliminary. Our primary line of inquiry leads
back to Canada. Officials on both sides of the border are seeking the truth. If
it is U.S. or Canadian origin, we'll let the chips fall where they lie."

Saturday's disclosure, some industry experts said, was also likely to be
intended to ease international concerns over American beef. On Monday, an
American trade team, led by David Hegwood, special counsel for trade to the
secretary of agriculture, is scheduled to meet with two Japanese ministries in
an effort to persuade officials there to reopen Japan's markets to American
beef.

Japan is the chief importer of beef from the United States, having imported $854
million worth in 2002, according to Agriculture Department officials.

Of the top four importers of American beef -- Japan, Mexico, South Korea and
Canada, which, combined, account for 92 percent of American beef exports --
Canada is the only one without a full ban in place. It is allowing boneless beef
from American cattle under 30 months old.

Preliminary tracing of the cow to Canada, though generally good news to the
Americancattle industry, raises potentially tricky issues for officials and
regulators. The United States instituted bans on Canadian cattle and beef
products after a case of mad cow disease was detected in Alberta last May but in
August opened the border to some cuts of Canadian beef believed to have a
particularly low risk of being tainted.

Before the infected American cow was linked to Canada, the Agriculture
Department had proposed further lifting the ban to permit imports of Canadian
cattle younger than 30 months. The comment period, in which interested parties
can weigh in on the issue, is scheduled to last until Jan. 5.

Dr. DeHaven refused to comment on where that decision stood now, but he said
that the suspected Canadian link in the current investigation would necessarily
affect it. "Clearly we will have to take into account this new situation," he
said.

Dr. Paul Brown, a senior investigator with the National Institute of
Neurological Disorders and Stroke at the National Institutes of Health in
Bethesda, Md., said that given the recent developments any easing of
restrictions against Canadian cattle and beef might be unadvisable.

"Politically it will play like a lead balloon," said Dr. Brown, who has been
studying mad cow disease since 1986. "Because if we are imposing these bans on
another country, who are we to ask other countries not to impose bans on the
U.S. when they question our supply? But for the time being it seems that lifting
the ban would be inappropriate when we don't know the extent of the infected
population in Canada."

Dennis Laycraft, executive vice president of the Canadian Cattlemen's
Association in Calgary, said that from a scientific point of view there was no
reason why the border should not be reopened to live cattle younger than 30
months.

Mr Laycraft said Canadian exporters had agreed to conditions that would make
shipments of such animals risk-free. For one, all cattle from Canada would be
accompanied by a certificate that they had not knowingly been fed banned
material.

Others in the industry said that the United States and Canada were in the crisis
together.

"It doesn't matter which side of the border that cow was born on," said Ron
Wooddisse, president of the Ontario Cattlemen's Association. "It's a North
American market. If the prices go down in Chicago, they go down in Ontario."

Canada has still not recovered from the discovery of an infected cow there in
May, Mr. Wooddisse said. "We're losing enough money as it is," he said. "We're
pulling an industry apart at the seams."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Officials from the Agriculture Department, Dr. Kenneth Petersen,
left, and Dr. Ron DeHaven, at a news conference on Sunday. (Photo by Associated
Press)(pg. A15)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  January 20, 2000 Thursday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Washington to give $125M relief to dairy farmers

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C02, Food Industry

LENGTH: 79 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture said yesterday it will give
dairy producers $125-million U.S. in subsidies. Dairy farmers increased output
last year as demand was robust for cheese, butter and other products, but prices
are likely to sink as low as 12.35 cents (US) a pound this year, down from a low
of 14.25 cents a pound last year. The USDA's Dairy Market Loss Assistance
program will pay producers based on their milk production in 1997 and 1998.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Brief

                    Copyright 2000 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                January 23, 2013

Cross River State Gets Agric Lifeline From USADF

LENGTH: 280 words


United States African Development Foundation (USADF) has given a grant of
$340,000 dollars about N54,500,000.00 to Cross River State ministry of
agriculture to expand its agricultural activities in the state. Commissioner for
Agriculture, Mr. James Aniyom confirmed the receipt of the grant in Calabar at
the signing of agreement between the Foundation and ODOT Women Multipurpose
Co-operative Society, (MPCS) and charged the women to make judicious use of the
grant.

Aniyom noted that the grant will further boost agriculture business in the state
and increase capacity of small holder farmers, explaining that 90,000 dollars
representing N14,500,000 has been allocated for capacity building, while
$250,000 an equivalent of N40 million will take care of expansion, the farmers'
children and also the community.

The commissioner said that United States African Development Fund wants African
countries to grow and move away from poverty, adding, "If you package your oil
palm produce after processing, you can export them."

The Country Director of USADF, Mr. James Ubaru thanked the Cross River state
government for creating an enabling environment for the sustainability of the
venture and disclosed that the fund is to help poor countries in Africa, saying
the gesture has capacity building and expansion enterprises grants.

Ubaru thanked the Agriculture Development Program/Commercial Agriculture for
helping to organize the Odot Women to key into the grant, saying the essence of
the grant is to build capacity in the establishment of oil palm mill or
refinery, and also help the community, pointing out that oil palm sales and
marketing for instance could really prosper a farmer.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                             January 5, 2004 Monday

GAZETA: Soybeans face another year of good prices

SECTION: Front Page

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: Sao Paulo, 01/05/2004

As an investment, the grain only loses out to the stock market. Rural producers
foresee another year of good soybean prices, with prospects of four consecutive
years of good prices. Demand continues firm, especially on the part of China.
Also, after the discovery of the first case of mad cow disease in the United
States, the trend is to increase the demand for vegetable protein, utilized in
substitution of animal protein in the rations of cattle, poultry and swine.
according to a projection of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA),
made before the discovery of mad cow in the country, the average price of
soybeans on the Chicago exchange would be about 18% greater in comparison with
2003, is between 605 and 695 cents of the dollar per bushel (US $13.33 to
US$15.32 per 60-kilo sack). "The USDA will revise the prices upward in the next
report," said one trader.  Whoever bet on soybeans in 2003 had no cause to
complain. The best investment of the year was the stock market, with an
accumulated rise of 97%, but the second position was occupied by soybeans, with
a 40.5% rise of prices. Meanwhile, some investments lost money, like the
American dollar (-18.2%), the exchange funds (-12.3%) and gold (-0.8%), and
others levels of profitability lower than the oilseek, like savings accounts,
which yielded 11.1%, and the Dow Jones Index, which groups the stocks of the
companies most popularly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), which
rose 25% last year. With a price rise of more than 40%, soybeans had real gains
in relation to average inflation of 8.7% as measured by the Genral Market Price
Index (IGP-M). "It is worth more to have soybeans in the grainery than money in
the bank," said Renato Sayeg, director of Tetras Corretora.  It is estimated
that farmers have planted 21 million hectares in 2003-04, an area 14% greater
than the cultivated area of the previous crop. The harvest could reach 60
million tons of grain, a 7% increase over the current one.  (Lucia Kassai,
Gazeta Mercantil - Translated by James Bruce)

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 InvestNews S.A.


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                             January 5, 2004 Monday

GAZETA: Soybeans face another year of good prices

SECTION: Front Page

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: Sao Paulo, 01/05/2004

As an investment, the grain only loses out to the stock market. Rural producers
foresee another year of good soybean prices, with prospects of four consecutive
years of good prices. Demand continues firm, especially on the part of China.
Also, after the discovery of the first case of mad cow disease in the United
States, the trend is to increase the demand for vegetable protein, utilized in
substitution of animal protein in the rations of cattle, poultry and swine.
according to a projection of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA),
made before the discovery of mad cow in the country, the average price of
soybeans on the Chicago exchange would be about 18% greater in comparison with
2003, is between 605 and 695 cents of the dollar per bushel (US $13.33 to
US$15.32 per 60-kilo sack). "The USDA will revise the prices upward in the next
report," said one trader.  Whoever bet on soybeans in 2003 had no cause to
complain. The best investment of the year was the stock market, with an
accumulated rise of 97%, but the second position was occupied by soybeans, with
a 40.5% rise of prices. Meanwhile, some investments lost money, like the
American dollar (-18.2%), the exchange funds (-12.3%) and gold (-0.8%), and
others levels of profitability lower than the oilseek, like savings accounts,
which yielded 11.1%, and the Dow Jones Index, which groups the stocks of the
companies most popularly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), which
rose 25% last year. With a price rise of more than 40%, soybeans had real gains
in relation to average inflation of 8.7% as measured by the Genral Market Price
Index (IGP-M). "It is worth more to have soybeans in the grainery than money in
the bank," said Renato Sayeg, director of Tetras Corretora.  It is estimated
that farmers have planted 21 million hectares in 2003-04, an area 14% greater
than the cultivated area of the previous crop. The harvest could reach 60
million tons of grain, a 7% increase over the current one.  (Lucia Kassai,
Gazeta Mercantil - Translated by James Bruce)

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 InvestNews S.A.


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          December 10, 1997, Wednesday

Japan's proposed corn buy poses threat to US farmers

BYLINE: BRIDGE NEWS

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


News that Japan is looking to buy Eastern European corn is driving home the
point in the United States that no customer is guaranteed if there is similar
quality corn available at cheaper prices elsewhere.

Japan has reportedly purchased 100,000 metric tons of Eastern European corn for
shipment in early 1998.

While the United States will remain Japan's No. 1 source for corn, analysts
said, the competition is significant.

""We have to recognize this as a very real threat. Japan is our biggest and best
buyer because they pay cash for everything,'' said Tom Levis, analyst with
Prudential Securities.

Traders say the purchase is probably a test to explore the grain quality,
shipping possibilities and service available in Eastern Europe.

However, with South Korea also testing Eastern European corn, typical U.S.
dominance is looking shakier - especially if exporters in Eastern Europe can
measure up to expectations.

Steve Freed, research director with ADM Investor Services, said that for corn
market bears, this is an added concern over the U.S. export pace, and a threat
to the bottom line of U.S. balance sheets.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture currently expects the United States to ship
1.925 billion bushels, or 48.9 million metric tons, of corn from September 1997
to August 1998.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 1, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

FARM PRICES ARE LEVEL

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 326 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 31


Average farm prices were unchanged in October and prices of drought-affected
feed crops remained strong, the Government said today.

Farm prices were 6.2 percent higher than a year ago, the Agriculture Department
said.

The department said that increased prices for lettuce, strawberries, grapefruit,
tomatoes and milk were offset by lower prices for hogs, broilers, potatoes,
oranges and wheat.

An index of vegetable prices rose 17 percent in October, with tomatoes and
lettuce contributing most to the increase. Compared with a year ago, commercial
vegetable prices are up 39 percent.

Overall livestock feed prices were higher than a year ago as the worst drought
in 50 years coupled with the largest acreage cutback in history to reduce the
corn crop by 49 percent. Soybean production, hurt by drought, was off 32
percent.

Food inflation, expected to be less than 3 percent this year, the lowest since
1967, will rise by 4 percent to 7 percent for 1984, Government economists said,
with the drought contributing a percentage point to a point and a half to that
increase, they said.

October corn prices, at $3.30 a bushel, were 67 percent higher than a year ago,
and soybean prices, at $8.32 a bushel, were 64 percent higher.

In another report, the Agriculture Department predicted that United States
agricultural exports would rise by 12 percent, to $39 billion, in the fiscal
year 1984, which began Oct. 1.

Farm prices jumped 6.1 percent in August, the largest month-to-month increase
since July 1980, the last time drought covered a large part of the nation. The
department revised its estimate of September prices, indicating they fell 2.2
percent rather than 1.4 percent as reported last month.

The same forces that have pushed up prices of livestock feed crops have
contributed to a drop in livestock prices in the short term. An index of
livestock prices was down 1.5 percent in October and 4.9 percent lower than a
year earlier.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             June 1, 2002, Saturday

AMERICA FEELS THE HEAT

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 209 words


INCREASING competition in the major markets of Japan and Mexico is hitting
pigmeat exports from the United States.

First quarter trade statistics issued by the United States Department of
Agriculture indicate than total US pigmeat exports during the period were
marginally lower than corresponding year-earlier levels, at just under 120,000
tonnes, as a result of the competition.

US pigmeat exports to Japan during the January to March period were almost four
per cent higher than year-earlier levels, at just under 64,500 tonnes.

Japan is by far the most important US pork export market and accounted for
almost a half of all US pigmeat exports in 2001.

Exports to Mexico were just over 10 per cent, or almost 3,000 tonnes, lower than
corresponding 2001 levels, at just under 26,000 tonnes.

Frozen exports to Mexico were worst affected, down more than 20 per cent on
year-earlier levels, while fresh/chilled pigmeat exports were just seven per
cent lower.

The fall in volumes exported to Mexico were offset by a 20 per cent increase in
the total volumes exported to Canada.

During the first quarter of this year, the US shipped almost 14,000 tonnes to
Canada, of which more than 10,000 tonnes was in fresh/chilled form.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 17, 1990, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

U.S. OKS TESTS FOR CORN EXPERIMENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 214 words


The Agriculture Department has issued a permit for the first field trials in the
United States of genetically engineered corn. The permit clears the way for
BioTechnica Agriculture Inc. of Overland Park, Kan., to begin its tests this
month in Lisbon, Iowa, a department spokesman said.  The tests will continue
through the summer.  The experimental corn contains genetic marker genes, which
will allow scientists to map the location of genes that determine the corn's
characteristics. Researchers then can manipulate and eventually introduce them
into new corn varieties and other crops.  Monsanto Agricultural Co. of St. Louis
won approval for field tests of generically engineered soybeans this summer in
11 states, including Missouri.  SOURCE: Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 3, 1989, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Wheat Offer Made to China

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 135 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 2


The United States Agriculture Department on Friday offered to subsidize sales of
one million metric tons of wheat to China, the second such offer this month.

China has been the leading buyer of American wheat this year, taking 6.4 million
tons since June 1. The purchases have helped compensate the American wheat
industry for sluggish purchases from the Soviet Union, which is frequently the
best customer for United States wheat.

The Agriculture Department on Wednesday accepted China's bids for 200,000 tons
of wheat subsidized under the Export Enhancement Program, virtually completing a
one-million-ton offer made Dec. 7.

China's state radio said the nation's 1988 grain harvest was 394 million tons, 2
percent less than the previous year's and almost 4 percent below the
410-million-ton target.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 10450 - 10451
[FR DOC # 2017-02872]

LENGTH: 705  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request February
8, 2017. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments regarding this information collection received
by March 15, 2017 will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to:
Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th
Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their
comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
[[Page 10451]] persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number. Animal and
Plant Health Inspection Service Title: Importation of Fresh Bananas from the
Philippines into the Continental United States. OMB Control Number: 0579-0394.
Summary of Collection: Under the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.),
the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to carry out operations or measures
to detect, eradicate, suppress, control, prevent, or retard the spread of plant
pests new to the United States or not known to be widely distributed throughout
the United States. The regulations in ``Subpart-Fruit and Vegetables'' (7 CFR
319.56, referred to as the regulations) prohibit or restrict the importation of
fruits and vegetables into the United States from certain parts of the world to
prevent the introduction and dissemination of plant pests that are new to or not
widely distributed within the United States. Need and Use of the Information:
The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) uses the following
information collection activities to allow the import of fresh bananas from the
Philippines into the continental United States in accordance with the
requirements which will restrict any plant pests from entering the United States
: (1) Bilateral Workplan; (2) Production Site Registration; (3) Monitoring and
Oversight; (4) Maintain All Forms and Documents that Include Fruit Fly
Detections and Updating Records; (5) Carton Marking with Production Site Number;
(6) Hard Green Stage Harvest Certification; (7) Investigations; (8) Fruit Fly
Trapping for Low Pest Prevalence; (9) Shipping Documents; and (10) Phytosanitary
Certificates with Declaration. Failure to collect this information would cripple
APHIS' ability to ensure that bananas from the Philippines are not carrying
plant pests. Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Federal
Government. Number of Respondents: 41. Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping;
Reporting: Other: One time. Total Burden Hours: 1,330. Ruth Brown, Departmental
Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2017-02872 Filed 2-10-17;
8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-34-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of United States of America as represented by
the Secretary of Agriculture titled as "SOYBEAN APHID RESISTANCE GENE RAG2"

LENGTH: 289  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130254945, published on September 26, 2013, by United States of America as
represented by the Secretary of Agriculture, titled as "SOYBEAN APHID RESISTANCE
GENE RAG2" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Kim; Ki-Seung; (Urbana, IL) ; Hill; Curtis B.; (Champaign, IL) ;
Hartman; Glen L.; (Urbana, IL) ; Hyten; David L.; (Johnston, IA) ; Hudson;
Matthew E.; (Champaign, IL) ; Diers; Brian W.; (Urbana, IL) ; Lee; Tong Geon;
(Urbana, IL)
Assignee: United States of America as represented by the Secretary of
Agriculture
Washington
DC

THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS
Urbana
IL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Provided herein are isolated nucleic acid molecules representing a genetically
defined region of the genome of the aphid resistant soybean plant (Glycine max)
cultivar PI 200538 that confers resistance to soybean aphid (Aphis glycines).
Within the region is a gene encoding the aphid resistance protein Rag2. Also
provided herein are methods for conferring aphid resistance on a plant or
enhancing aphid resistance in a plant by transforming it to contain and express
such nucleic acid sequences encoding Rag2 aphid resistance or introgressing DNA
encoding the trait into the plant by plant breeding. Further provided are
polymorphic markers useful for identifying plant germplasm containing aphid
resistance, and methods for using such markers."

The Patent was filed on September 6, 2012 under application No. 20130254945

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 17, 1988 Tuesday

No breakthrough expected on agriculture subsidy war

BYLINE: EDWARD GREENSPON; GAM

LENGTH: 631 words

DATELINE: Paris FRANCE


BY  EDWARD GREENSPON
 Globe and Mail Correspondent
  PARIS
  Aggressive efforts to resolve the agricultural trade war between the
United States and Europe could actually backfire, a senior official of the
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development warned yesterday.

Speaking to reporters prior to the body's annual ministerial meeting,
the official held out little hope for a major breakthrough on agriculture
in the near term.

'If you really want to push things too much, you might create  insurmountable
political tensions and therefore jeopardize your long-term  goals,' he said,
speaking on condition that his name not be used.

Canada has made agriculture a priority for next month's economic summit
in Toronto and for the December review in Montreal of General Agreement on
Tariff and Trade negotiations. It hopes to get the ball rolling on the
issue at this week's OECD meeting of finance and foreign ministers, which
is widely regarded as a dress rehearsal for the summit.

But Canadian representatives at OECD also are playing down hopes for
significant progress in the next few months. Rather than resolving the
subsidy war that Canada says it cannot afford, officials are hoping this
week merely to get major agricultural trading nations to renew their
commitment to agricultural reform and pledge themselves to find a
framework for further negotiations.

'It would be an agreement on how to negotiate,' a senior Canadian  source
explained. All talk of a so-called early harvest in the GATT trade  round, which
would address agricultural issues during the course of the  negotiations,
appears to have been abandoned.

Gaining agreement on a framework for negotiations is a more realistic
goal, the officials explained.

The Canadians indicated they would be happy to emerge from the OECD
meeting with both sides talking to each other. There is some fear that
rhetoric between the Europeans and the United States is getting out of
hand and could lead to an acrimonious confrontation.

The temperature was turned up just last week when a senior Reagan
Administration official told a conference in Munich that without quick
progress on agriculture, the United States may lose faith in multilateral
negotiations. It is threats like these that the OECD official seemed to
think are counter-productive.

The United States wants nearly all agricultural subsidies phased out by
the year 2000, while Europeans say there is no point talking about total
disarmament until a ceasefire can be arranged in their current war.

Since the OECD's 24 members adopted a set of principles for
agricultural reform last year, the level of subsidization has continued to
rise not only for the Europeans and the United States, but for countries
such as Canada as well.

In an effort to cool tensions between the major protagonists, the
Canadians say they will try to steer discussions this week away from past
sins in agriculture and toward how problems can be rectified in future.

'To us, there is a crying need for some serious, passionless  discussion between
the two parties,' the Canadian official said.

The senior OECD official seemed even more restrained in his outlook.
Rather than concentrating the minds of negotiating parties on the issue,
the mid-term GATT review in Montreal could provide an excuse to delay
serious talks, he said.

All countries don't share the same concerns on agriculture, and
therefore it is very difficult to even gain agreement on the pace of
reform, he added.

Canadian officials view the mid-term review in Montreal as crucial.

Noting that the U.S. Farm Bill comes up for renewal in 1989, they worry
that a lack of progress on agricultural issues within the GATT talks could
persuade a new U.S. Congress to take further trade measures against the
Europeans, once again catching Canada in the crossfire.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Suspension of Supervision Fee Assessment Under the United
States Grain Standards Act

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards
Administration 7 CFR Part 800 Suspension of Supervision Fee Assessment Under the
United States Grain Standards Act AGENCY: Grain Inspection Packers and
Stockyards Administration, USDA. ACTION: Notification of suspension of
supervision fee assessment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Department of Agriculture (USDA), Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards
Administration (GIPSA) is suspending the assessment of fees for supervision of
official inspection and weighing services performed by delegated States and/or
designated agencies under the United States Grain Standards Act (USGSA). DATES:
This document is effective beginning July 1, 2016, and remains in effect through
June 30, 2017. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Barry Gomoll by phone at
202-720-8286 or by email at Barry.L.Gomoll@usda.gov Persons with disabilities
who require alternative means for communication (Braille, large print, audio
tape, etc.)

should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720- 2600 (voice and TDD).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015, Public
Law 114-54, amended the USGSA (7 U.S.C. 71-87k) to require GIPSA to adjust fees
for the supervision of official grain inspection and weighing in order to
maintain an operating reserve of not less than 3 and not more than 6 months (7
U.S.C. 79(j)(4)). GIPSA's reorganization efforts over the past 10 years have
resulted in the centralization of supervision of delegated states and designated
agencies. Due to this and other GIPSA cost reduction measures, the operating
reserve of GIPSA's account for supervision of official inspection and weighing
currently exceeds 6 months by a significant margin. Accordingly, GIPSA is
issuing this document to announce the suspension of the fee for supervision of
official inspection and weighing services of domestic grain and land carriers to
Canada and Mexico performed by delegated States and/or designated agencies.
According to the regulations under the USGSA, GIPSA may suspend any provision of
the regulations in emergencies or other circumstances which would not impair the
objectives of the USGSA (7 CFR 800.2). GIPSA has determined that suspending
supervision fees will not impair the objectives of the USGSA because the
operating reserve for supervision services is sufficient to maintain the service
without additional funds. GIPSA will no longer assess the fee of $0.011 per
metric ton of domestic shipments officially inspected and/or weighed, including
land carrier shipments to Canada and Mexico, performed by delegated States
and/or designated agencies on or after July 1, 2016 (7 CFR 800.71 Schedule B).
These fees will remain suspended for one year, at which time GIPSA will reassess
the operating reserve for supervision of official agency inspection and
weighing. Official inspection agencies may no longer pass the suspended
supervision fee on to their customers. Agencies which list GIPSA supervision
fees as a line item on their fee schedules must eliminate the fee. Agencies
which include supervision fees as a part of fees that they charge to their
customers must either reduce fees by the amount of the suspended fee or provide
justification and detailed cost information for retaining current fees. All
agencies must submit revised fee schedules for GIPSA approval (7 CFR 800.70).
Larry Mitchell, Administrator, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards
Administration. [FR Doc. 2016-15152 Filed 6-27-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-KD-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 14, 1991 Monday

Trade battles loom   Destructive 'tit-for-tat' disputes forecast by specialists

BYLINE: DREW FAGAN; GAM

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY DREW FAGAN
Parliamentary Bureau
  OTTAWA
 A series of trade battles may loom within months if an international
trade agreement cannot be reached soon.

With that in mind, the federal government is preparing possible
retaliation measures against the United States and the European Community.

And Canada is not the only country doing so. Trade specialists are
convinced that failure to reach a new pact among the 108 countries of the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade could lead to a destructive round
of "tit-for-tat" trade disputes.

"It's not going to be easy to get a deal and that is why the government
is looking at options if one doesn't materialize," said a senior federal
official. "The government has just drawn a line and said this process of
negotiations can't go on forever . . . Other countries are thinking the
same way."

In the past two weeks, federal Agriculture Minister William McKnight
has twice threatened to take trade action if the EC fails to move toward a
new GATT agreement by reforming its agriculture policies.

The EC's huge export subsidies and import barriers are thought to be
primarily responsible for the transatlantic grain war that has driven down
prices to their lowest level in a generation.

But federal officials say Ottawa might also move against U.S.
protectionist policies, possibly in concert with other agriculture
exporters such as Australia and Argentina, if a new GATT agreement can't
be worked out soon.

The Uruguay Round of GATT negotiations is already 10 months behind
schedule in finding a consensus to strengthen the existing agreement.

"It's a time of reckoning. At high decision-making levels in the United
States and European Community, they recognize that they have to try to get
an agreement now or there will be serious trouble," said Murray Smith,
director of the Centre for Trade Policy and Law in Ottawa.

Canada would also be vulnerable to trade actions if these last-ditch
GATT negotiations break down.

For example, a GATT panel ruling that Canada open its ice cream and
yogurt markets to international competition has effectively been put on
hold, pending a multilateral GATT agreement.

If a trade pact is not reached, a federal official said, Canada will
come under intense pressure from the United States to implement the GATT
ruling. U.S. officials have already threatened to retaliate by suspending
equivalent trading concessions.

For its part, Canada could join with other dairy producers to seek a
GATT panel decision forcing similar U.S. markets to open. American sugar
and dairy farmers have been protected from competition under a GATT waiver
granted in the mid-fifties that exempts the United States from a GATT
prohibition on import quotas. Such waivers are supposed to have a life of
no more than 15 years.

"What GATT gives, GATT can take away," a federal official said. "This
would be one way for people to take out their frustrations."

In recent weeks, GATT director-general Arthur Dunkel has been working
on a proposal to find common ground among GATT members, particularly on
the key matters of agriculture supports, intellectual property guarantees
and trade in services.

Mr. Dunkel says draft texts should be in the hands of government
negotiators by Nov. 1. A general agreement must come quickly, he has
implied, or any hope of a final pact by the end of the year or early 1992
can be ruled out.

Some hope has been raised by a proposal from EC Agriculture
Commissioner Ray MacSharry that would slash trade-distorting subsidies to
EC farmers and replace them with income supports.

But there are few signs that European governments, particularly France
and Germany, are prepared to buck farm pressure and significantly improve
their latest offer, which proposes to slash farm subsidies by 30 per cent
in stages.

(Agriculture-exporting countries such as the United States and Canada  have
demanded a 70-per-cent reduction in EC support to farmers and a 90-  per-cent
cut in European export subsidies in agricultural products.)     "The Europeans
remain willing to bear substantial costs to protect  their farm sector," said
University of Maine professor Peter Morici, an  international trade expert. "It
may not be rational if you're an  economist, but it is if you're a politician."

As a result of that, federal officials say the chances of a new GATT
agreement being reached soon are little better than 50 per cent. Mr.
McKnight's comments concerning retaliation were meant to reflect that.

His threats show that Canada is thinking seriously about the
consequences of a failure of the Uruguay Round. No similar threat was
issued at the failed GATT bargaining summit in Brussels last December,
Canadian negotiators say.

If the EC does block a multilateral pact, agriculture exporters led by
the United States and Canada will probably react quickly. The most likely
response, according to trade officials, would be to seek a ruling by a
GATT panel that the EC has consistently violated an agreement on oilseed
imports.

That agreement eliminated European tariff barriers on oilseed imports
such as rapeseed and soybeans; Canada and the United States would argue
that EC subsidies for their farmers effectively negate the deal.

"We'd probably have a good chance of winning that," a federal official
said. "But all countries' agriculture policies have weaknesses under GATT
provisions. One of the downsides of launching such action is that the
other side can react."

And trade analysts are particularly concerned that retaliation could
get out of hand and move beyond the agricultural sector, particularly in
the United States, where protectionist sentiment remains strong.

"The frustration felt at the failure of the Uruguay Round could lead to
all sorts of restrictive actions not consistent with GATT practices now;
such as import quotas or export subsidies in various sectors," a federal
official said. "Those are the kinds of things that countries will be
thinking about seriously."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 22, 1992, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

GATT farm talks falter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 94 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Technical talks aimed at resolving disputes between the U.S. and the European
Community over agricultural trade liberalization have broken down, according to
official sources.

U.S. Department of Agriculture chief negotiator Joe O'Mara, who has been holding
talks this week in Brussels on GATT farm trade and oilseed issues, is understood
to be returning to Washington.

Earlier in the day, French President Francois Mitterrand said the U.S. had made
''absolutely no concessions on agriculture'' to permit an agreement in the GATT
world trade talks.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SERIES

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Washington: Good News for Parents: New Study Shows Kids Eating More Healthy Food
at School, Throwing Less Food Away

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

A new studyThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. from the Rudd Center for Food
Policy & Obesity at the University of Connecticut shows that children are eating
healthier food at school and discarding less food since updated healthy school
meal standards took effect in 2012.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today released the following statement on the
report's findings:

"Updated healthy school meal standards were developed based on doctors'
recommendations to help ensure our children would be able to get healthy food at
school. This new study adds to a growing body of scientific research that shows
these standards are working. It is clear that kids are now eating healthier food
and throwing less food away. This is good news for parents and teachers, who
overwhelmingly support healthier meals because they know kids learn better when
they have proper nutrition. For Congress to meddle with doctors' recommendations
and go back to less healthy meals now would not be in the best interest of our
children."

Key findings from the Rudd Center study include:

More students are now choosing to add fruit to their lunch tray than they were
before the updated standards went into effect (54 percent in 2012 to 66 percent
in 2014).
 The percentage of the vegetables on their plates students consumed increased by
nearly 20 percent, decreasing the amount of vegetables thrown away.
 Students consumed more of their lunch entrées (71 percent in 2012 to 84 percent
in 2014), which also decreases food waste.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 31, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

BYLINE: By Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Page 35; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 249 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 30


Prices paid to United States farmers in August declined 2.7 percent from July
levels, the Government said today.

The decrease comes after a drop of 3.2 percent in July and a rise of 1.1 percent
in June.

Sharp decreases in cattle and hog prices led the way for August, along with
drops in the price of potatoes, the Agriculture Department said in its monthly
report on farm prices.

The drop was partly offset by higher prices farmers received for oranges, wheat
and milk.

August cattle prices fell sharply to their lowest average level in three years.
Hog prices also fell sharply.

Although milk prices rose from July, they continued well below the levels of a
year ago, the department said.

Prices of all dairy products rose 2.5 percent from July, but were still 14
percent below a year ago.

Provisions of a dairy bill being discussed in Congress would shore up sagging
milk prices paid to farmers and set production controls.

The Agriculture Department has objected to the provisions on the ground that
they would force consumers to pay $3 billion more a year for milk.

Prices for lemons and apples joined the rise for oranges.

Vegetable prices slid 6 percent from last month. Lower prices for onions,
tomatoes and celery were offset slightly by higher prices for lettuce and sweet
corn.

The pace of food price inflation in the last half of 1991 is expected to slow
from the first half of the year's 3.8 percent rate, the department said in a
report released last week.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Farm Prices," tracks the index of prices received by farmers;
all items, March 1990-August 1991 (Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 5, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. STUDY RAISES QUESTIONS ON BACTERIA-BASED PESTICIDE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 439 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 4


A common grain pest that showed startling ability to resist the most widely used
bacteria-based insecticide in a Government study raises ''a red flag'' about the
effectiveness of genetically manipulated pest-killers, a researcher has
concluded.

The researcher, Dr. William McGaughey, an entomologist with the United States
Department of Agriculture in Manhattan, Kan., said that the new microorganisms,
''after all, are going to be subject to some of the same shortcomings as the
chemical pesticides; there's nothing miraculous about them.''

Researchers have been pressed to find substitutes for once-popular chemical
insecticides in light of discoveries of health risks associated with some
chemicals, as well as pests' growing resistance to chemical formulas.

The latest study suggests bacteria-based alternatives may not be a panacea.

Dr. McGaughey, who works with the department's Agricultural Research Service,
spoke in a telephone interview just before the publication Friday of his new
study in the journal Science.

Use of Microbial Insecticides

''There have been few reports of insect resistance to microbial insecticides,
leading to the presumption that insects are unlikely to become resistant to
these agents,'' he wrote in his study.

However, he added that he had now found resistance to a commercial formulation
of Bacillus thuringiensis, or BT, ''the most widely used and intensively studied
microbial insecticide,'' among a common type of moth that, in its caterpillar
and larva stages, damages stored grain through eating and web-spinning.

He found small but significant resistance among the pests, Plodia
interpunctella, in treated bins of grain, and he quickly bred a very resistant
colony through gradual exposure to the insecticide in his laboratory, he said.

Dr. McGaughey said he was conducting further studies to learn how the resistance
developed.

So far, grain storage operators have not been reporting problems such as he
found.

''At this point the impact is probably more on science than on economics, though
it raises the possibility of economic impact,'' he said.

A ''main red flag this is going to raise,'' he added, concerns the fact that BT
formulations are also used in protecting a large variety of things, including
vegetables, cotton and forestry products.

In general, he said, drawbacks for genetically engineered microbial compounds
must be taken into account in the rush to find substitutes for chemical
pesticides.

''Any time you create a situation putting your pest in constant contact with the
pesticide, you increase the chance of increasing resistance,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Yet another U.S. charge

BYLINE: The Leader-Post

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 394  words


In Brief: Canadians flying into the U.S. will pay a $5 fee to help cover the
cost of an expanded U.S. agriculture border inspection program.

You'd almost think that American authorities don't want Canadians to visit.

That's not the case of course, but you can't blame us if we are becoming a
little offended. First, there is the upcoming end to hundreds of years of
virtually hassle-free border crossing between our two nations.

Beginning Jan. 1, 2007, everyone, including American citizens, entering the
United States by plane or ship will require a passport or other secure document
and the requirement will be extended to land crossings beginning Jan. 1, 2008.

Now, just in time for winter flights to the warm southern states, Canadians will
pay an extra $5 every time they fly into the United States. They may also end up
paying a percentage of a $70.25 inspection fee being charged each plane.

The fees are being imposed by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
to cover the costs of a vastly expanded agriculture inspection program for pests
and biohazards. All commercial cargo shippers from Canada will also be charged
-- trucks will pay $5.25 per crossing, railway cars $7.50 and maritime vessels
$488.

The USDA said in the last 10 years, exports of fruits, nuts and vegetables from
Canada to the United States have increased by 80 per cent. It noted that some of
that increase is the re-export of produce from other countries. The USDA said
this significantly increases the risk of prohibited pests crossing the border
because Canadian sanitary requirements are lower than those of America, covering
only 13 per cent of the pests on the U.S. prohibited lists. Air travellers were
included in the stepped-up inspection regime because of fears they could be
carrying imported fruits or vegetables.

That's a bit of a stretch, but then the USDA dropped the other shoe. It said the
lack of inspection at the Canadian border "leaves the United States vulnerable
to bioterrorism."

There are concerns this stepped up inspection could lead to slower delivery of
goods, resulting in increased spoilage or even a loss of markets. While it's
difficult to fault America's fixation on security -- the fifth anniversary of
the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington is just a week away -- it is
also difficult to accept that such punitive measures are needed.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            July 10, 2013 Wednesday

U.S., Canadian groups ask U.S. court to block meat labelling rules;
Lawsuit seeks to undo regulations that require retail outlets to label meat
according to its country of origin

BYLINE: ROD NICKEL, Reuters

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; TRADE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG


Eight meat and livestock groups from the United States and Canada have asked a
U.S. court to strike down stricter U.S. meat labelling rules that they say have
hurt U.S. processors and Canadian farmers, arguing they violate the U.S.
Constitution.

The suit, filed late on Monday, seeks to undo recent revisions to four-year-old
rules that required retail outlets to label meat according to where it came
from.

The country of origin labelling rules, known as COOL, have led to lower U.S.
imports of Canadian cattle and pigs, which has hurt Canadian farmers and the
U.S. processing plants that relied on imported livestock. The rules are an
effort to give U.S. consumers more information about the safety and origin of
their food and some farm groups, particularly R-CALF USA, support them.

The World Trade Organization ordered the United States to comply with WTO rules
by May 23, but the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) made revisions to COOL
that Canada and Mexico said would only make the situation worse.

One example is the rules no longer allow co-mingling of most muscle cuts from
livestock in different countries within the same package, which creates added
cost to U.S. feedlots and processors to segregate animals, said Mark Dopp,
senior vice-president of regulatory affairs at the American Meat Institute
(AMI).

"When weighed against significant costs, we think this rule doesn't make any
sense," Mr. Dopp said on Tuesday.

The U.S. rule revisions, which took effect May 23, violate the U.S. Constitution
by compelling speech in the form of the labels that does not directly advance a
government interest, the meat industry groups said, adding that the rules also
impose burdens on the industry with little or no benefit.

The USDA was not immediately available for comment.

Last month, Canada said it would ask the WTO to approve its proposed retaliatory
measures against the U.S., including tariffs on U.S. products meat, cherries,
rice and other products. Mexico said it was considering suspending preferential
trade tariffs with the United States over the dispute.

Along with AMI, the other industry groups behind the court action are the
American Association of Meat Processors, Canadian Cattlemen's Association,
Canadian Pork Council, National Cattlemen's Beef Association, National Pork
Producers Council, North American Meat Association, and Southwest Meat
Association.

The case is American Meat Institute et al v. United States Department of
Agriculture et al, U.S. District Court, District of Columbia, No. 13-1033.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 26, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Edible Souvenirs

SECTION: Section 5; Page 12; Column 1; Travel Desk

LENGTH: 109 words


To the Editor: Susan Allen Toth certainly wakened the taste buds with thoughts
of such delightful and reasonably priced treats, but I fear she might be
breaking the law, if she were to bring back all of the items she mentions, plus
those shown in the witty illustration that accompanied her article.

The United States Department of Agriculture prohibits bringing into this country
most items containing meat, even when those items are canned. I suspect that
Royal Game Soup, steak and kidney pudding, marrowbone rolls and, from the
illustration, haggis, potted meat and cock-a-leekie soup would be confiscated.

ERIC BINNIE
Conway, Ariz.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 5, 1990 Monday

U.S. little affected by free trade   Trade disputes more numerous than before
pact was signed,   economist finds

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: ST-HYACINTHE, PQ


BY OLIVER BERTIN
Agriculture and Food Reporter
  ST-HYACINTHE, Que.
 The impact of the Canada-U.S. free-trade agreement on the United States
has been so slight it is almost impossible to measure, a senior U.S.
government economist says.

Speaking to the Canadian Agricultural Finance Conference in St-
Hyacinthe last week, Carol Goodloe of the Economic Research Service of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture said there were only two small areas where
her office had been able to find a measurable impact from the FTA, and it
was insignificant in both cases.

U.S. exports to Canada rose by about $40-million (U.S.) in 1989 because
of a reduction in vegetable tariffs, while U.S. exports of poultry
products increased by about $12-million because Canada loosened its import
quotas on such marketing board products as chickens, eggs and turkeys.

These changes are insignificant, Mrs. Goodloe said, given that the
United States exported a total of about $3.6-billion in food to Canada in
1989, and bought Canadian agricultural goods worth about $2.9-billion.

"The FTA has not exactly been front-page news in the United States,
unlike Canada," Mrs. Goodloe said. "The consequences for U.S. agriculture
have been indirect and difficult, if not impossible, to measure."

She cited a few examples where U.S. exports rose markedly in volume
after the signing of the FTA, but in these cases, she found it difficult
to find any major benefit to the United States.

U.S. wine exports, for example, rose by a factor of 13 in 1989 to
197,150 hectolitres. But the value of the shipments remained flat at about
$15-million and the unit price for a hectolitre fell to only $91 from $867
the year before. This indicated that "Canadians are buying a lot of cheap
wine for blending" to improve the quality of domestic wine.

Even though the United States has experienced little agricultural
benefit from the FTA, it has attempted to change its policy in two small
areas to accommodate Canadian demands. It modified its sugar import quotas
to give Canada preferential treatment, compared with such countries as
Australia, and proposed changes to its meat inspection laws to speed up
the movement of meat across the Canada-U.S. border.

The changes to the meat rules have proved highly controversial in the
United States, however, and Washington has so far been unable to implement
them.

Mrs. Goodloe said she had similar difficulty finding examples where
Canada has benefited economically from the agreement. The trade balance
between the two countries narrowed slightly in 1989, she said, but this
continued a long-term trend and there was little evidence that the FTA was
responsible.

Canada, she acknowledged, has shipped considerably more durum wheat to
the United States since the agreement was signed, but this was largely the
result of the 1988 U.S. drought.

While the FTA has had little measurable impact on the value of
agricultural trade between the two countries, it has also done little to
ease trade frictions, she said. In fact, there are more trade disputes now
than before the deal was signed.

"The FTA has created some new headaches and many old problems not
directly connected with the FTA remain or have intensified," she said.

She acknowledged that Canadian farm leaders have repeatedly accused the
United States of breaking the agreement.

The United States, Canadians complain, subsidizes its exports to
Canada's traditional trading partners in contravention of the FTA; it has
stifled Canadian pork exports through "nuisance" countervailing actions;
and it has hassled meat exporters when they cross the border into the
United States.

But Mrs. Goodloe produced her own list of complaints that the United
States has with Canada, and marketing boards head the list.

Washington wants to reduce the power of the boards to control imports
so it can ship more chicken, eggs and milk to Canada; it is worried that
Canada may introduce a new apple marketing board; and it doesn't like the
marketing board practice of dumping surpluses on the world market below
the domestic price.

The United States also sees red whenever the subject of the Canadian
Wheat Board comes up. In the U.S. view, the board has an unfair advantage
when selling grain on the world market because it is a government-owned
monopoly and it refuses to give details of its sales contracts.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           December 18, 1998, Friday

Russia says US delaying food aid

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW


Russia's agriculture minister accused the United States of stalling on promised
food aid by introducing new demands for control over its distribution.
Agriculture Minister Gennady Kulik said Russia was ready to sign amendments to a
deal reached last month on $625 million in food aid and loans. The amendments
include additional controls to ensure that the 3.1 million tons of food reach
those who need it. But the United States was dissatisfied with the measures,
which is causing ""unjustifiable'' delays, Mr.  Kulik said. Past food aid deals
have been tainted by corruption, and U.S. officials have stressed that they want
to avoid any hint of scandal in this program. Russia has promised to keep tight
control over the food. Christopher Goldthwait, general sales manager for the
U.S. Department of Agriculture foreign service, said Tuesday that the first
batch of food would likely arrive Jan. 1.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          December 19, 1991, Thursday

COMMODITY BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE:  CHICAGO


US RED MEAT EXPORTS

SEEN HITTING NEW HIGH

U.S. red meat exports are expected to hit record levels again in 1992, boosted
by rising income levels around the world and lower wholesale prices ushered in
by increased U.S. production.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service projected an 8
percent increase in beef exports in 1992, and the U.S. Meat Export Federation
expected a 15 percent to 20 percent rise in overseas sales.

The federation's bullish figure is powered by expectations for a rebound in
exports to Japan. Japan is by far the most important export market for U.S.
beef, accounting for more than 50 percent of sales.

THAI RUBBER SUPPORTS

CALLED INADEQUATE

BANGKOK, Thailand - Tax cuts and other measures announced Tuesday by the Thai
government to support the rubber industry are inadequate, industry sources said
Wednesday.

The measures, approved by the Thai cabinet, include a one-year waiver on a 0.75
percent withholding tax on rubber export incomes and a cut in a duty on
processing chemicals to 5 percent from 20 percent, the government said.

The cabinet also approved a $ 7.9 million (200 million baht) local market
intervention fund and a $ 121 million payment to the International Natural
Rubber Organization in response to INRO's November cash call.

Another 50 million baht was approved for construction of rubber warehouses.

LEAD PRICES SEEN DOWN

BY 7 PERCENT NEXT YEAR

SYDNEY, Australia - Lead prices will fall 7 percent to US$ 525 a metric ton in
1992, from an estimated average of $ 565 this year, according to the latest
forecast from the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics.

Prices will be pressured by continued stock buildup as world production
continues to outstrip demand, said Abare.

Worldwide output of primary, or mine, and secondary, or refined scrap, lead is
forecast at 4.58 million tons in 1992, up 5 percent from an estimated 4.35
million this year.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 20, 1989 Monday

France lambastes U.S. on farm policy issue

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 354 words

DATELINE: Tokyo JAPAN


Canadian Press and Agence France Press
  TOKYO
    France has accused the United States of trying to undermine European
Community agricultural policy as a round of trade talks involving 26
countries concluded yesterday with little progress on the dispute over
farm subsidies and tariffs .

France's External Trade Minister Jean-Marie Rausch said at the close of
the meeting of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade members, including
Canada, that agriculture remains one of 'the most important
difficulties.'
   He said the meeting reaffirmed 'the very deep-seated divergences
between the European Economic Community and the United States, which is
seeking with all its means to pull down the common agricultural policy'
of the EC.

A Japanese Foreign Ministry official also said that ministers from 26
of the 97-member GATT world trade group had made little progress on
agriculture.

The meeting only enabled member countries to 'make their basic
positions clear,' said Ryu Yamazaki, director of the ministry's
International Organizations Division.

Japan and the EC are opposed to a U.S. proposal to remove export
subsidies for farm produce within five years, and eliminate all quotas and
tariffs within 10 years while gradually abolishing domestic trade
barriers.

The Cairns group of agricultural exporters - including Canada,
Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, Malaysia, Hungary and
Argentina - reaffirmed conditional support for the plan.

The group favors total liberalization of farm trade and its members at
the Tokyo talks 'more or less supported the thrust of the U.S.
proposal,' Mr. Yamazaki said.

Japan and the EC say the plan is unrealistic and goes against an
earlier agreement to gradually reduce agricultural barriers.

International Trade Minister John Crosbie said progress was made in
other areas.

He referred to trade in - and protection of - intellectual property
like computer programs; provision of financial and transport services; and
the rewriting of international trade rules to promote fairness.

'Everyone has promised to address those areas by next July so we can  have an
agreement' in December, 1990, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 1, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

American Restaurants Offer a Taste Of Fresh Argentine Beef

BYLINE: By FLORENCE FABRICANT

SECTION: Section F; Page 6; Column 3; Dining In, Dining Out/Style Desk

LENGTH: 531 words


FOR the first time in 65 years, fresh beef from Argentina is being imported into
the United States, destined for steak houses and, eventually, for high-end
retailers. The United States Department of Agriculture lifted its ban last May,
after determining that Argentine cattle are free of hoof-and-mouth disease.
Until then, only cooked and canned beef from Argentina were permitted.

Unlike chicken, American beef generally satisfies chefs and connoisseurs; in
fact, it is widely considered the best in terms of quality and price. A
side-by-side tasting of American prime beef and Argentine beef showed that for
some cuts American beef was superior, but there were times when the sweeter,
softer Argentine beef was preferable.
 Federico Zorraquin, a vice president of Cepa, the largest beef company in
Argentina, said its cattle graze in a vast area with a mild climate and feed
only on grass that is not treated with herbicides or pesticides. He said the
Hereford and Black Angus cattle are not fattened in feed lots and not given
hormones, antibiotics or other chemicals.

Like most grass-fed beef, it is extremely lean. But unlike some, it is also
tender. "The beef is naturally tender from the climate and what the cattle eat,"
he said, "not from fat."

Cepa shipped the first seven tons in late August to Natural Beef, a distributor
in Englewood, N.J. (Quotas allow Argentina to export a total of 20,000 tons
annually to the United States; so far, it is shipping only boneless cuts.)

Il Cantinori, an Italian restaurant in Greenwich Village, has been serving
Argentine beef as a special. Compared with the American prime Black Angus the
restaurant usually serves, the Argentine beef looked and tasted different.

Served raw, sliced paper-thin for carpaccio, the American beef had a somewhat
deeper color, was a bit more marbled with fat and had a richer, slightly gamier
flavor. The beef from Argentina was sweeter. When sliced from the rib-eye and
sauteed, the Argentine beef was deliciously tender, juicy and quite tasty. The
American beef was more fibrous and chewy.

A thick slice of American tenderloin grilled medium rare for filet mignon was
not only larger, but also had a better flavor and a more succulent texture than
the meat from Argentina, which was so soft it was almost mushy. A cut like this,
which is very tender to begin with and also not the tastiest, benefited from the
more assertive character of the American beef.

Marc Sarrazin Jr., the owner of DeBragga & Spitler, a Manhattan wholesaler that
supplies Il Cantinori, said he was looking into the Argentine beef. "I've heard
good things about it, " he said. "But it's not cheaper than American prime, and
it's a smaller muscle, so I wonder if chefs will like it. I'm a big proponent of
American beef but there's always a market for something new."

Carlos Giustacori, an owner of the Park Steakhouse in Park Ridge, N.J., has
found it to be a little cheaper than prime, and has been serving samples to his
customers. "Some people keep asking for it," he said. "The flavor is different,
but I don't find it much more tender than good old prime from America. I'm aging
some to see what happens."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    August 17, 1993, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. delays action on Canadian sugar

BYLINE: Kelly McParland

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 317 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. agriculture officials have put a request for emergency action against
Canadian sugar imports on hold, easing a threat that could have cost Canadian
producers up to $92 million.

The emergency action, sought by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy in a June 3
letter to President Bill Clinton, would have all but sealed the border to
Canadian refined sugar and a range of sugar-containing products.

After a meeting with Canadian officials, however, Espy agreed to delay the
action. The two sides are to meet again next month to try to find another way to
settle the dispute.

''The situation has changed since that original letter was sent by Secretary
Espy,'' Canadian Sugar Institute president Sandra Marsden said yesterday. ''It
seems they're farther from an emergency'' than in June.

Under the U.S. government's support system for domestic sugar producers,
Washington guarantees prices above the world level, and maintains them by
restricting imports. If prices fall too low, Washington can get stuck with
millions of tons of unwanted sugar.

Espy feared that was about to happen in June and urged Clinton to take action.
Washington also introduced domestic sugar allotments, limiting production.

Since then, said Marsden, ''sugar prices have increased dramatically . . . so
the case that Canada was interfering in the U.S. sugar program, there's no case
for it.''

Canadian producers say Washington may seek another means of limiting Canadian
imports, either by voluntary restraints or reclassifying Canadian sugar products
to put them under quotas.

Ottawa argues U.S. action is unjustified because Canada imports twice as much
sugar from the U.S. as it exports, and because Canada's share of the U.S. market
is too small to hurt prices.

It wants the U.S. administration to refer the dispute to the International Trade
Commission in Washington for a ruling.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Pakistan: 'Pak-Afghan can generate heavy revenue by increasing trade'

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: FAISALABAD


FAISALABAD, Sept. 14 -- Pakistan and Afghanistan can generate

heavy volume of revenue by increasing trade between them in every

field including agriculture and industry.

This was stated by the speakers at the second phase of a two-week

International training workshop on 'Capacity Development for Agricultural Trade
in Afghanistan and Pakistan' commenced at New Senate Hall of University of
Agriculture Faisalabad (UAF) here on Monday.

The training workshop was organized by the University of Agriculture

Faisalabad in collaboration with United States Department of Agriculture Foreign
Agriculture Service.

Instructors from US Dr. Glyn Bledsoe and Dr. Barbara Rasco imparted

training to 38 participants hailing from all corners of Pakistan and Afghanistan
while UAF Vice Chancellor Professor Dr. Iqrar Khan presided over the inaugural
session.

The program was aimed at enhancing the capacity of the people of

both countries in order to boost up trade so that both countries can

get benefited from each other.

Addressing the participants, UAF Vice Chancellor Professor

Dr. Iqrar said that the workshop of this kind was to build the capacity

of the people that will bring tangible results in the form of potential
workforce contributing to the prosperity of country. He also called for
expediting efforts to increase the confidence building measure among the traders
by polishing skills of entrepreneurship.

He said that trilateral commission comprising United States,

Pakistan and Afghanistan had met twice in Doha and Istanbul in which

issues including food security, trade corridors and water came to

light. Pakistan is a partner in food and trade corridor, he said,

adding that our country is also likely to join the water issue in

the trilateral commission.

Talking about citrus, he urged to put special attention on the

citrus production as it is diminishing in our country for the last

couple of years. Quoting an example of Australia, he said that it

was getting 35 tons per hectare and now the production has increased

to 45 tons per hectare.

Glyn Bledsoe said that the training will improve opportunities

to get international and national trade through skilled development

and increase the quality of consciousness. He said that such activities

are essential for the enhancement of the capacity of individuals

resulting in brining prosperity in both countries.

Dr. Barbara Rasco said that keeping in view the capacity building,

she had trained 83 women in Afghanistan. She said that as the result

of the training, it will help flourish Agri-Businesses in both countries. She
said that it was need of the hour to hold such as seminars,

conferences etc. for the economic development.

Dr. Muhammad Rafiq-ur-Rehman Coordinator Supply Chain Project

said that the food product must have been produced on certified farm, processed
by certified processor, transported certified logistics and distributed by
certified traders.

He said that in EU countries alone there are about 440 certification

schemes with lot of overlap. He said that in the world global GAP standard has
one lakh members in which 12000 from Greece, 272 from China and 22 from
Pakistan. While according to IFS standards, there are 12000 members across the
globe in which 220 from china, he added.

Continuing Education Chairman Professor Dr. Mehmood A. Randhawa,

Endowment Fund Secretariat UAF Executive Director Professor Dr. Tahir Zahoor and
Dr. Sarfraz from NIFSAT also spoke on the occasio Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 27, 2006 Friday

U.S. and EU dig in as trade duel hardens;
Two sides see faltering chance for talks;
DAVOS / World Economic Forum

BYLINE: Dan Bilefsky

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: DAVOS, Switzerland


As world trade ministers plan to meet here on Friday and Saturday in an effort
to unblock global trade talks, the European Union warned that it would lose
nothing by walking away from the negotiating table, while the United States said
there would be little progress unless the EU came forward with a new offer on
agriculture.

Just over three months before an April 30 deadline for trade leaders to agree to
a formula for cutting trade barriers, both sides are intensifying their
rhetoric.

''If the talks stopped we would lose next to nothing,'' said Peter Mandelson,
the European Union's chief trade negotiator, in what may be his most defiant
note to date.

''We can't be expected to make a further offer in agriculture in order to keep
others at the negotiating table,'' Mandelson said. ''Europe is unwilling to give
more than it has offered.''

But Robert Portman, the U.S. trade representative, retaliated, saying in an
interview that unless the EU came up with new concessions, the possibility of
moving ahead could falter.

''We looked failure in the face in Hong Kong,'' Portman said, referring to WTO
meetings last month in which the 149 members made little progress toward opening
up trade in sectors like agriculture, services and industrial goods.

The WTO members thus gave themselves the new deadline of April 30.

Emphasizing that the EU needed to make more moves on agriculture, Portman added:
''I can't sell one chicken nugget per year, that is not market access.''

Mandelson, who met with Portman for two hours over drinks on Wednesday, said the
United States remained overly preoccupied with agricultural cuts. He also warned
that Europe would not put another offer on the table unless the United States
made a new offer first.

''Until the U.S. and others put something new on the table to reduce tariffs on
industrial goods and services, the talks are marooned,'' Mandelson said.

Portman is hoping that Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany will inject some new
momentum into the trade talks, since she is instinctively liberal on economic
matters and favors free trade. ''I think Merkel could be a positive force for
global trade talks,'' Portman said. ''She has shown a willingness to engage.''

As one of the world's biggest exporters, Germany has a vested interest in
breaking down global trade barriers, Portman said.

For his part, Mandelson emphasized that Washington was operating under the false
assumption that it could intervene, through Germany, when he and Merkel were
''united.''

Mandelson also criticized the United States and Brazil for continuing to insist
that Europe make a further offer on agriculture, saying that this position was
at ''the point now where it is self-defeating. It is driving this round into the
ground.''

Portman dismissed this criticism. ''Agricultural tariffs are twice as much as
industrial tariffs,'' he said. ''That is why I focus so much on agriculture.''

Portman said the highest tariffs on agriculture in the United States were at 12
percent, compared with an average of 62 percent in the rest of the world.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          November 17, 2001, Saturday

COUNTRIES LISTED AS FMD FREE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 62 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service has added Ireland and France to the list of countries considered to be
free of Foot-and-Mouth Disease.

This change in disease status relieves certain prohibitions and restrictions on
the importation of ruminants and swine, fresh meat and other products into the
United States.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 15, 1989 Friday

THE UNITED STATES   Agriculture   BACK 40 BLUES   Protectionist agricultural
policies are out of control. But the   free market may finally be returning to
the farm

BYLINE: CLAYTON YEUTTER; ECON

LENGTH: 877 words


By  CLAYTON YEUTTER
 The world's trade in farm products, which is still the biggest industry
that there is, may begin its long trek back from lunacy in 1990. Free
trade, market prices and international competition, which are the
trademarks of successful industry everywhere, have eluded the farm to
every consumer's cost. A principal reason that the rich world has got
richer is that tariffs on its manufactured goods have declined from 40% in
the mid-1960s to 6% after the latest Tokyo Round of GATT negotiations
(1974-79). But protection rates for farm products rose to 40% in 1988 from
20% in earlier years. Farmers in export countries and consumers in import
countries are poorer, and taxpayers everywhere have had to pick up the tab
for this folly.

Things are finally looking up. With the signing of a GATT agreement in
1989, the world is ready to make a constructive change in 1990. The major
agricultural markets across the world are fundamentally reconsidering the
farm policies of the past 50 years. In the United States, policies which
were originally designed to address domestic concerns no longer make sense
in world markets. Because the policy of one country inevitably affects
others, and because government intervention in agriculture is so much
higher and more costly than in any other industry, farming is now at the
forefront of the next round of multilateral trade negotiations in Uruguay.

Current agricultural policies in most countries, including the United
States, were developed at a time when neither capital nor goods flowed
freely. For example, the European common agricultural policy (CAP),
designed to stimulate domestic production when European countries were net
importers of agricultural commodities, has contributed to substantial
increases in production and the unprecedented use of export subsidies.
Agricultural spending now takes up about two-thirds of the European
Community budget. If you were a developing country, how would you like to
compete against an economic war chest of that magnitude? It is not unusual
for the common market to support farm prices at levels two or three times
those prevailing in the world market.

Mad and bad for trade though that is, it bears no comparison to the
support prices paid to farmers for surplus rice in Japan. The Japanese
claim they must keep internal support prices high to ensure an adequate
food supply for their citizens. Food security is important in all
countries, but isn't there a better way to achieve it than through such an
incredible expenditure of financial resources and such a heavy tax on the
Japanese shopper? The United States, too, has artificially stimulated farm
production, though to a lesser degree than some of its trading partners.
It has compounded the problem by often storing that surplus rather than
selling it.

That has cost market share internationally, a mistake that the United
States is now finally rectifying. The United States has taken land out of
production unilaterally, a very inefficient way to boost domestic farm
prices since farmers everywhere else also benefit. That philanthropy has
cost U.S. taxpayers billions of dollars, a dubious proposition indeed in
the face of a federal budget deficit in excess of $100 billion (U.S.).
Today, U.S. farmers are paid not to use an area equal to all the arable
land of France and Germany. To defend the CAP, the EC has had to institute
separate exchange rates for agriculture (so-called "green rates") and
establish minimum import prices.

Japan has an agency to manage its beef market, still another to manage
wheat imports and others to control investments in a myriad of farm
products. The United States has its own sugar and dairy quotas, a two-
price program in peanuts and much more. The annual cost of all this - to
taxpayers and consumers - is now running at nearly $150 billion for the
industrial countries alone. These attempts to forestall market forces are
not only costly, but inefficient. The industrial countries collect almost
$l.40 from taxpayers and consumers for every dollar transferred to
agricultural producers. Policies designed to maintain real prices and
insulate farmers from economic conditions elsewhere are doomed to fail.

If these inefficiencies were corrected, overall economic growth would
increase. Reform must benefit everyone in economic terms. Not only would
taxpayers and consumers be better off, but the increase in incomes
globally would provide the resources to sustain or improve farm incomes in
a way that distorts trade far less.

The agriculture department's Economic Research Service suggests that
the developed world could benefit by $33 billion if the distortions were
removed. The EC is the largest potential beneficiary, with more than $12
billion in gains. The United States and Japan also realize substantial
benefits of $8.6 billion and $6.3 billion respectively. Additional, and
very significant, benefits accrue to the developing countries of the
world. The challenge is political, not economic. Vested interests are so
entrenched and change is so threatening that countries seemingly want to
maintain their present policies at any cost. That is an indefensible
attitude. But then there is hardly anything defensible about how farm
trade is organized today.
 Clayton Yeutter is the United States Secretary of Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 16, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Soviet Grain Output

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 2; Page 43, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 89 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 15


The United States Agriculture Department today estimated Soviet 1981 grain
production at 175 million metric tons, unchanged from its December estimate. In
its monthly report, the department put Soviet wheat production at 88 million
tons, coarse grain production at 77 million and miscellaneous grain production
at 10 million tons, all unchanged from last month.  The department said this
compares with the Soviet target of 236 million tons and is the smallest crop
since 1975.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Pakistan, US agree on agriculture collaboration

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 165

LENGTH: 341  words


Pakistan and the United States have agreed to strengthen collaborative research
and to broaden private sector support for economic growth in the agriculture
sector. It was agreed during the deliberations in the 3rd meeting of the
Strategic Dialogue on Agriculture under the Pakistan-US Strategic Dialogue
framework held here on Tuesday.

Secretary Ministry of Food and Agriculture Junaid Iqbal led the Pakistani side,
assisted by Malik Zahoor Ahmad, Chair / Chief Coordinator of the Strategic
Dialogue Secretariat.

The US delegation was co-chaired by Ms. Darci Vetter, Deputy Under Secretary for
Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services, U.S.  Department of Agriculture and Mr.
James Bever, Assistant Administrator of USAID.  It was agreed that both sides
would continue to work together to modernize Pakistan's agricultural sector to
ensure adequate supply of food items; foster faster economic growth; alleviate
poverty and enhance rural employment, a joint statement issued by the US Embassy
here on Tuesday said.

Areas identified for future cooperation include crop productivity enhancement,
particularly, in wheat and cotton, animal and plant diseases; dairy development;
horticulture, market access for Pakistani products including mangoes and
capacity building in SPS issues as well as various other areas of research
development and extension and water management.  The last meeting of the
Agriculture Track was held in Washington in March 2010, after agriculture was
added as a separate track in the 2nd round of Strategic Dialogue in 2007. Since
then, two meetings of the track have been held so far.

United Sates and Pakistan have a long history of bilateral cooperation in
Agriculture. This has enabled Pakistan to successfully address its food security
issues for nearly three decades through the green revolution.

Establishment of Agriculture Universities, Pakistan Agricultural Research
Council and training of Pakistani agricultural scientists in the United States
are examples of the long-standing cooperation between the two countries.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 February 7, 1992, Friday, UNAVAILABLE EDITION

Minister charges U.S. out to get our farmers

BYLINE: BY SHAWN MCCARTHY TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 266 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The United States is targeting Canadian farmers with a GATT proposal that will
devastate dairy, poultry and egg producers here, says Ontario Agriculture
Minister Elmer Buchanan.

Buchanan and other provincial agriculture ministers yesterday called on the
federal government to step up its defence of Canada's supply management system,
which restrict imports of key commodities.

Both Buchanan and B.C. Agriculture Minister Bill Barlee accused the Americans of
trying to dismantle Canada's supply management programs.

"We should go to Washington and make our case in Washington," Buchanan said
after the provincial ministers met their federal counterpart, Bill McKnight. "We
defended it under the FTA (free trade agreement) and we have to do the same
thing now."

Barlee agreed.

"I think it's part of a grand scheme by the U.S. I believe they targeted us
under the FTA and they are now targeting our markets again under the GATT."

McKnight said the Europeans, as well as Americans, are not happy with Canada's
system of import restrictions.

"I believe there is a lack of truth to the statement that the Americans are
targeting Canada," McKnight said, adding that all agricultural producers are
being asked to sacrifice protectionist policies, including the United States.

But he added that Canada remains committed to supply management.

However, farm groups representing 38,000 dairy, egg and poultry producers are
worried about a potential softening of federal resolve. As many as 1,400 farmers
planned to demonstrate today at Agriculture Canada's Ottawa headquarters.


LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    January 11, 1994, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. OFFERS FARM TRADE PLAN: Espy awaits Canadian reply on settling list of
disputes

BYLINE: Kelly McParland

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy said yesterday he has offered Canadian
officials a ''framework'' for solving a list of trade differences that range
from meat inspection to dairy products.

''I'm hopeful we can have a resolution. I'm not certain of it,'' Espy said after
returning from weekend talks in Ottawa with Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale.
''We await phone calls from Canada.''

Espy would not discuss details of the U.S. plan but said the U.S. side made a
''very commodity-specific presentation'' that encompassed disputes on sugar,
durum wheat, peanut butter, dairy products, potatoes and meat inspection at the
Canada-U.S. border.

He said the list involved a number of compromises Goodale will need to discuss
with Prime Minister Jean Chretien before further talks can be held. Espy said
the discussions were more than usually straightforward.

''The discussions, as they say in diplomacy, were very frank. They were awfully
frank to be honest with you.''

The most pressing problem remains Washington's threat to launch an investigation
of Canadian wheat export practices unless Ottawa satisfies U.S. concerns by a
deadline that expires this Saturday.

U.S. durum wheat producers say Canada has used unfair transportation and pricing
systems to grab a growing share of the U.S. market, increasing the cost of U.S.
government wheat programs.

In an open letter last week, National Association of Wheat Growers president
Jeff Lundberg urged the administration to go ahead with emergency action under
Section 22 of the U.S. Farm Act ''as soon as possible'' after the deadline
expires.

Lundberg said U.S. farmers would oppose any deal that allowed Canada to maintain
current export levels.

Espy said it's not clear that a solution can be found before the deadline, which
also applies to a White House threat to have the International Trade Commission
investigate Canadian peanut butter exports.

''The answer has to return Yes or No (from Ottawa), and if it's a No, then of
course the trigger date for the resolution of wheat and peanuts will begin,''
Espy said. ''The letter's on the ITC table and it will begin.''


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: U.S. MAKES TRADE OFFER: Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale has
been handed a ''framework'' by his U.S. counterpart for resolving a list of
trade differences, including durum wheat.

Photo:  U.S. AGRICULTURE SECRETARY MIKE ESPY: 'I'm hopeful we can have a
resolution.'

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Columbia Circuit: AMERICAN FEDERATION OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES, AFL-CIO AND
CHARLES STANLEY PAINTER, APPELLANTS v. THOMAS J. VILSACK, IN HIS OFFICIAL
CAPACITY AS UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE, ET AL., APPELLEES

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Columbia Circuit
has issued the following order:



  United States Court of Appeals FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT No.
15-5259 September Term, 2016 FILED ON: NOVEMBER 1, 2016 AMERICAN FEDERATION OF
GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES, AFL-CIO AND CHARLES STANLEY PAINTER, APPELLANTS v. THOMAS
J. VILSACK, IN HIS OFFICIAL CAPACITY AS UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE,
ET AL., APPELLEES Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia (No. 1:14-cv-01753) Before: SRINIVASAN and PILLARD, Circuit Judges,
and EDWARDS, Senior Circuit Judge. J U D G M E N T The court considered this
appeal on the record and the briefs of the parties. See D.C. Cir.

R. 34(j). The panel has accorded the issues full consideration and has
determined that they do not warrant a published opinion. See D.C. Cir. R. 36(d).
It is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the judgment of the district court is
AFFIRMED. Plaintiffs-Appellants, the American Federation of Government
Employees, AFL-CIO, and AFGE officer Charles Painter (collectively, AFGE)
challenge a final rule of the Department of Agriculture that changes the way the
Department's Food Safety Inspection Service (Service) implements the Poultry
Products Inspection Act (PPIA), 21 U.S.C. §§ 451 et seq. The challenged rule
authorizes the New Poultry Inspection System (NPIS) as a method of PPIA
compliance by entities that process poultry for human consumption. 79 Fed. Reg.
49,566 (Aug. 21, 2014) (codified at 9 C.F.R. pts. 381 and 500). Before the
Service developed the NPIS, each of its approved poultry inspection systems
required that multiple government inspectors be stationed at fixed positions
along each slaughter processing line to inspect the head, viscera and exterior
of each bird organoleptically, i.e., using sight, touch and smell. See Am. Fed'n
of Gov't Emps. v. Glickman, 215 F.3d 7, 8-9 (D.C. Cir. 2000). The NPIS
authorizes poultry processorsto shift much of that "online" work to their own
employees,submitting their product to governmental organoleptic inspection only
at the end of each line, but undergoing more concentrated governmental
inspection of "offline" food-safety activities USCA Case #15-5259 Document
#1643826 Filed: 11/01/2016 Page 1 of 2 such as pathogen testing and verification
of the plants' sanitary standards. See Food & Water Watch, Inc. v. Vilsack, 808
F.3d 905, 916 (D.C. Cir. 2015). The NPIS grew out of studies the Service
undertook pursuant to its Pathogen Reduction/Hazard Analysis and Critical
Control Points (HACCP) rule in an effort to identify adulterated food sources
more effectively and efficiently. Id. at 911. AFGE contends the New Poultry
Inspection System violates the PPIA. The district court dismissed the complaint
for lack of the requisite allegations of causation and redressability to support
plaintiffs' standing to challenge the adequacy of regulation of the nonparty
poultry processors. Am. Fed'n of Gov't Emps., AFL-CIO v. Vilsack, 118 F. Supp.
3d 292, 299-302 (D.D.C. 2015). The plaintiffs appealed, contending that their
allegations identify a sufficiently concrete, particularized and imminent risk
to them of illness from the NPIS, redressable by that system's invalidation, to
support their standing to sue. Shortly after the plaintiffs filed this appeal,
we dismissed a similar complaint for want of standing in Food & Water Watch,
Inc. v. Vilsack, 808 F.3d at 909. We held that those plaintiffs had failed to
allege facts showing how risks from less intensive online inspection would not
be offset by the additional resources the NPIS allocates to offline inspection.
Id. at 915-17. The plaintiffs thus "fail[ed] to allege that the NPIS as a whole
will produce significantly more adulterated, unwholesome chicken compared to the
existing inspection systems." Id. at 915. Food & Water Watch forecloses this
appeal. AFGE does not allege materially more than the plaintiffs did in Food &
Water Watch to show that the NPIS causes a concrete and imminent risk of
foodborne illness to its members that this court could redress. AFGE contrasts
its complaint with Food & Water Watch by contending that it has more squarely
pleaded a statutory violation. But that has more to do with the merits than with
standing. AFGE also points to Congress's determination that adulterated poultry
can injure consumers, Appellants' Br. at 18 (citing 21 U.S.C. § 451), and
asserts that Congressthereby determined that any violation of the statute
necessarily resultsin injury to consumers. But a general congressional
determination that the risk of future harm to the public warrants prophylactic
legislation does not alone suffice to bestow standing on all intended
beneficiaries of such legislation. "Article III standing requires a concrete
injury even in the context of a statutory violation." Spokeo, Inc. v. Robins,
136 S. Ct. 1540, 1549 (2015). Seeing no basis for distinguishing Food & Water
Watch from the appeal before us, we affirm. Pursuant to D.C. Circuit Rule 36,
this disposition will not be published. The Clerk is directed to withhold
issuance of the mandate until seven days after resolution of any timely petition
for rehearing or rehearing en banc. See Fed. R. App. P. 41(b); D.C. Cir. R.
41(b). Per Curiam FOR THE COURT: Mark J. Langer, Clerk BY: /s/ Ken Meadows
Deputy Clerk USCA Case #15-5259 Document #1643826 Filed: 11/01/2016 Page 2 of 2



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 4, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

DE GUSTIBUS;
THE ULTIMATE IN CALORIE COUNTERS

BYLINE: By MARIAN BURROS

SECTION: Section 1; Page 44, Column 2; Style Desk

LENGTH: 756 words


In Beltsville, Md., a rather bucolic Washington suburb where cows still graze
and fields have not yet been turned into tract housing, there stands an
unexceptional, slightly old-fashioned red brick building.

What makes it worthy of notice is the very exceptional piece of equipment it
houses - a human-size calorimeter. The device, one of six in the world, is in
essence a box, big enough for a person to move around in, that can accurately
measure the small amounts of heat a person generates. Combined with strict
monitoring of the test subject's diet, activity and weight, the result is an
accurate picture of how that person turns food into energy.

'Starting from Scratch'

Dr. Walter Mertz, director of the United States Department of Agriculture's
Human Nutrition Research Center in Beltsville, where the facility housing the
$500,000 calorimeter is partly completed, thinks the information that it can
provide could stand the world of nutrition on its ear.

''We will not throw out all our notions,'' Dr. Mertz said. ''If you gain weight,
you are eating more than you should. That will not change.''

''But,'' he added, ''we are practically starting from scratch. We have to
re-examine some very basic values.''

That includes the commonly accepted caloric values of food that were determined
in the 1890's by another U.S.D.A. scientist, Wilbur Atwater. ''Dr. Atwater used
different kinds of people when he did his experiments,'' Dr. Mertz said. ''They
were extremely active people, real athletes. Their idea of moderate exercise was
eight hours on a bicycle!''

''We have reason to suspect the values he arrived at are not representative of
what we would get today,'' he said. ''For example, we doubt that one gram of fat
equals nine calories. Preliminary evidence makes us doubt the common values of
food. They may be off by as much as 10 percent.''

With the calorimeter, these and hundreds of other questions can be answered, but
in many cases the answers may be years away.

In order to conduct the experiments, a facility within the Human Nutrition
Research Center had to be built to house test subjects for as long as two or
three months. As full-time residents, their activities and food consumption will
be monitored around the clock.

Each person will have a private bedroom and bath when he is not living in the
calorimeter itself. Stays in it will last from from one to three days. The
calorimeter, approximately 10 feet by 12 feet, will contain a bed, a chair and a
five-watt light. The wattage must be kept low so that the bulb will not give off
additional heat to skew the readings given by 80,000 highly sensitive
thermometers embedded in the walls of the unit. For the same reason, there will
be no television.

Varied Diet, Exercise

Exercise programs will be prescribed for the subjects; some will be fed more
than they should eat to maintain body weight, some will be fed less and some
will be fed what is believed to be just the right amount.

The thermometers will measure how much heat the subject gives gives off sitting
still, lying down, doing exercises; in other words, measuring how many calories
the person is burning.

''It will be very easy to get fat people to participate in the experiments,''
Dr. Mertz said, ''but the normal control will be much more difficult. We will
have to pay them $1,000 for three months.''

Dr. Mertz is looking forward to the day when the calorimeter can answer such
questions as: ''Why do two people who eat exactly the same amount of food and do
exactly the same exercises use the food differently?''

''Do people use energy from one food better than from another? In other words,
can the calories in a hamburger be converted to energy more efficiently than the
calories in a piece of apple pie?''

He hopes the experiments will explain why, with prescribed diets, some people
gain weight. ''Until a few years ago we'd say they must be cheating,'' Dr. Mertz
said, ''but now we think they may not be.''

In addition to studying calories, Dr. Mertz expects to conduct experiments with
dietary fat content, constructing some diets that are typical of the way
Americans eat, with 40 percent of the calories derived from fat, and others with
only 20 percent fat. He also expects that the new equipment will enable the
U.S.D.A. to study the risk posed by obesity in cardiovascular disease and
cancer.

It will cost $250,000 a year to operate the program. Short-term studies should
begin in the next three to six months; long-term studies will begin later.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              May 7, 1990, Monday

YEUTTER SAYS US, EC CLOSER ON FARM ISSUES

BYLINE: WILLIAM ARMBRUSTER; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1025 words


The United States and the European Community are moving closer to resolving some
food trade issues, including market access, but the question of export subsidies
has defied compromise, agriculture ministers for the two sides said Friday. U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter, interviewed at The Journal of Commerce in
New York, said the two sides are making good progress on internal supports for
farmers and on replacing import quotas with tariffs.

"It seems to be that we're very much in the ballpark on 'tariffication' and
market access," Mr. Yeutter said. "The community is willing to say, more and
ore, 'That doesn't look so bad to us.' "

As for health standards, another major agriculture issue in the Uruguay Round,
"we're not far from international agreement," he said.

The dispute between the United States and the EC on agriculture has cast a pall
over prospects for a satisfactory conclusion to international negotiations that
aim to liberalize global trade in a wide range of areas, including services and
investment.

Those negotiations, known as the Uruguay Round, began four years ago and are
scheduled to wrap up in Brussels, Belgium, in early December.

Ray MacSharry, the EC's agriculture commissioner, said Friday in Austria that
there are some "promising areas" in the negotiations. "The area where positions
are furthest apart is, without doubt, export subsidies," he said.

Mr. Yeutter echoed Mr. MacSharry's comment on export subsidies. "At the moment,
that's clearly the most contentious question," he said, noting that it's
unlikely to be resolved until the final hours of the December talks in Brussels.

Mr. MacSharry, speaking at a forum on European agriculture in Innsbruck,
reiterated the EC's opposition to t he elimination of export subsidies, even if
they were to be phased out over several years.

"Such a radical approach cannot be a basis for negotiation. More sophisticated
and imaginative solutions will have to be found," he said.

The EC official insisted that there could be no progress on export subsidies
unless "all partners" agree that "deficiency payments" to farmers fall into this
category.

Such payments would include subsidies paid by the U.S. government to American
farmers to make up the difference between the market price and the target price
set by the government.

That element of Mr. MacSharry's contention was spelled out by Bruno Julien, his
spokesman, in a telephone interview from Brussels.

Mr. Julien said, however, that Mr. MacSharry shared Mr. Yeutter's assessment
that the United States and the EC have begun to narrow their differences on
other farm issues. The Uruguay Round talks that provide the framework are
sponsored by the Geneva-based General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, the
international organization that regulates most world trade in goods.

Mr. MacSharry returned to Brussels two weeks ago after talks in the United
States with Mr. Yeutter and U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills. Mr. Julien
quoted Mr. MacSharry as having said, after his visit, "The U.S. administration
seems to be more open now and in a good mood to start real negotiations."

For his part, Mr. Yeutter attributed the progress in some areas to the EC's fear
that it would be blamed if the Uruguay Round should fail on account of an
agriculture stalemate.

"The community has begun to realize that the rest of the world marks them as
having the black hats on agriculture," Mr. Yeutter said.

Other farm-exporting nations that want major reforms in agriculture ''started to
play hardball" at a trade ministers' meeting in Mexico last month, Mr. Yeutter
said.

Together with developing countries that want to expand their textile exports, he
said, they pursued a strategy similar to one they employed at a ministerial
meeting in Montreal in December 1988, when they put preliminary accords on 11 of
the 15 negotiating groups on hold for four months because of their anger over
the U.S.-EC stalemate on agriculture.

Shortly after the meeting in Mexico, Mr. Yeutter said, the United States and the
EC held their own annual ministerial conference, at which they agreed to step up
the pace of their own negotiations aimed at resolving their differences on
agriculture.

"It was the most forthcoming discussion we've had on agriculture in three and a
half years," said Mr. Yeutter, who served as U.S. trade representative from
mid-1985 to January 1989.

The ministers agreed to set up four working groups that will meet every two
weeks to discuss these issues: export subsidies, internal support mechanisms,
market access and sanitary standards, he said.

"We're not too far away" from agreement on internal supports, although they are
difficult to define and quantify, he said.

The big difference, however, is a proposal by the EC to use an "exchange rate
adjuster" in measuring these supports, he said. In addition, the Europeans want
to impose new import restrictions.

The most vexing issue, however, is export subsidies. "I think everyone else in
the world agrees they ought to go," he said.

The United States and the EC both subsidize exports, which help farmers sell
their surplus production overseas.

Mr. Yeutter said the ministers, including Mrs. Hills, Mr. MacSharry and Frans
Andriessen, the EC's trade commissioner, agreed on the importance of getting
higher-level support for the Uruguay Round at the ministerial meeting of the
Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development May 30-31 and
at the economic summit in Houston in July.

"It would be desirable for the chiefs of state to give one final thrust to the
Uruguay Round," he said.

In contrast to the progress on the Uruguay Round, the two sides remain
stalemated in their dispute over the EC's ban on imports of beef containing
growth hormones, he said.

On another issue, Mr. Yeutter said he could support a one-year extension of the
current U.S. farm bill, which expires in September.

"We deliberately chose not to suggest major modifications this year," he said,
adding that reductions in price supports should come about through a
multilateral agreement.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO;;

YEUTTER

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 26, 2009 Friday

Minnesota farmers oppose clean energy, clean water bills

BYLINE: Brad Swenson, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 830 words


Jun. 26--Neither clean energy nor clean water legislation win support from
Minnesota farmers.

The U.S. House is slated to consider today the American Clean Energy and
Security Act which establishes a cap and trade system for reducing carbon
emissions.

U.S. House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin Peterson, DFL-7th District, has
opposed the bill, but this week worked out an amendment to create in the U.S.
Department of Agriculture a program that realizes offsets from cap and trade
allowances for farmers and ranchers.

"We applaud Chairman Peterson for holding his ground and reaching a deal that
was beneficial to agriculture," Minnesota Farm Bureau President Kevin Paap said
Thursday. "The Peterson amendment recognizes the role agriculture can play in
reducing greenhouse gas emissions and rewards farmers for carbon offsets."

Passage of the bill would move it to the Senate, where more amendments are
expected.

Also in the Senate after passing the House in March is the Clean Water
Restoration Act, which updates the original 1972 act. The Farm Bureau also
opposes that measure, as it gives too much control to the federal government
over all waters in the United States.

Paap thanked Peterson for his efforts on the climate change bill as he
"demonstrated his willingness to go to great lengths to ensure that
agriculture's voice is heard.

"However, the jurisdiction of the House Agriculture Committee and the efforts of
Chairman Peterson only go so far when looking at the entire bill. While we
appreciate and strongly support the provisions in the Peterson amendment and
recognize that offsets are available to farmers, there are a wide range of
issues that will be detrimental to agriculture," Paap added.

The bill "will force the agriculture industry and all consumers to face
significantly increased energy and input costs," he said. The American Farm
Bureau Federation estimates that under a best-case scenario, by 2010 U.S. net
farm income would be reduced by more than $5 billion annually under the bill.

"Farmers are not able to pass increased input costs on like other businesses,"
Paap said. "These costs are absorbed by the producers and prohibit them from
making future investments in their farms, which in turn not only impacts their
operations, but the rural communities in which they live."

Paap said the measure also creates an energy deficit for the United States and
places the nation's economy at a competitive disadvantage with countries such as
China that do not have carbon emission controls in place.

The climate change bill "will have a big impact on agriculture," he said. "In
agriculture, we use a lot of energy, whether it's electricity, fuel, fertilizer.
As we see some of these greenhouse gas regulations, that will have a big impact
on increasing costs not only to agriculture but to those who use energy, use
electricity."

The Clean Water Restoration Act, spearheaded in the House by House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Jim Oberstar, DFL-8th
District, counters two recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings that found the original
act only gives the federal government jurisdiction in large, continuously
flowing bodies of water, labeled in the act as "navigable waters."

"We are still concerned about changes in the Clean Water Act, taking out the
word 'navigable,'" says Paap. "We're continuing to work on that to make sure
that we don't change the regulatory reach."

The bill expands the jurisdiction of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to "all
inter- and intrastate waters and their tributaries, including intermittent
streams, mudflats, wetlands, prairie potholes and natural ponds."

"We in Minnesota have that covered at the local and state level," says Paap. "We
don't necessarily need a federal permit to go out and do that."

He said the Farm Bureau has been working to inform U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar,
DFL-Minn., about the bill's possible impact on Minnesota farmers.

"By taking the word navigable out, they will regulate all waters and all
potential waters," Paap said. "Farm Bureau members have been very clear and
policy is very clear if they take out the word navigable, we're not going to
support anything. We've got it in place and it's doing its job. The Clean Water
Act is 37 years old; it's done its job, it's working, let's make it work."

The Senate Committee on Public Works approved the bill June 18 in a 12-7
party-line vote, sending the measure to the Senate floor. Sen. Mike Crapo,
R-Idaho, however, placed a hold on the bill, so it is unknown when it will be
taken up.

bswenson@bemidjipioneer.com

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090626-JI-Minnesota-farmers-oppose-clean-energy-clean-water-bills-0626

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 14, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

U.S. drought could worsen;
 Arid conditions gripping the South and Midwest may intensify this spring.

BYLINE: Ismail Turay Jr., Cox Washington Bureau

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: Washington

The severe drought affecting parts of the South and Midwest is expected to
intensify this spring, raising the threat of crop damage, wildfires and water
shortages, the federal government reported Monday.

"It's going to take a large, large amount of precipitation" to end the drought,
and "we don't see anything on the horizon to bring that in," said Jack Kelly,
director of the National Weather Service.

In Georgia, the drought began in May 1998. Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana
experienced their driest February in 106 years.

The U.S. Geological Survey, which monitors streams across the country, said more
than 95 percent of its gauges are reporting below-normal flows.

Ninety-five percent of stream flows in Georgia are below average, 89 percent in
Florida, 86 percent in Ohio and 54 percent in Texas, said Harry Lins, the
Geological Survey's drought science coordinator.

"This is the time of the year where stream flow conditions should be about
normal, but in the eastern half of the country we're anywhere but that," said
Charles Groat, the agency's director. "We should be seeing ground water recharge
taking place now, and we're not seeing that either."

The weather pattern known as La Nina is mostly responsible for the drought, said
D. James Baker, administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration. He said La Nina has reduced rainfall in the United States for
the past two years.

La Nina, a vast pool of cool water in the central and eastern Pacific, displaces
the position of the jet stream, causing spring storms to track away from the
Southern states and skirt the nation's breadbasket.

Other states expected to be hit hard are Florida, Tennessee, Arkansas, Texas,
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Nebraska and Hawaii.

The only parts of the country that are especially wet are coastal North Carolina
and South Carolina, still soggy from hurricanes, and the Pacific Northwest.

This is the first year the government, using more sophisticated data collection,
has attempted to forecast where and how droughts will develop.

The East faces a "dangerous situation," said Commerce Secretary William Daley.

In a year on average, he said, droughts cost the economy more than $ 6 billion,
nearly twice as much as floods. The 1988 drought, the most expensive weather
disaster in recent history, cost $ 40 billion, he said.

The current rain shortfall is a particular threat to agriculture and shipping,
officials said, with recreation and tourism also affected.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said forest fires and wildfires are likely to
increase. Wildfires this year have claimed 208,000 acres, four times as much
land as was burned by this time last year, he said.

It is too early to tell whether the drought will affect food prices, but the
Agriculture Department says more than 60 percent of Texas' winter wheat crop is
rated no better than poor.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
National Weather Service Director John Kelly, outlining a possible U.S.
springtime drought, briefed reporters Monday in Washington. Of an end to the dry
spell, he said, "We don't see anything on the horizon to bring that in." /
DENNIS COOK / Associated Press
Map
DRY AND GETTING DRIER
 National Weather Service officials say drought conditions will worsen this
summer. Current conditions and the forecast:
Where it's dry
Map shows areas that are abnormally dry, first stage drought and severe drought.

Drought outlook
Map shows areas most at risk for April-June.
Source: Naitonal Ocianic and Atmospheric Administration
/ Knight Ridder Tribune

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 9, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Deep Farm Crisis Is Cited by O.E.C.D.

BYLINE: By PETER T. KILBORN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 2; Page 39, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 623 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 8


The world economy faces a ''deep crisis'' in farming ''that seems beyond the
control of traditional mechanisms,'' according to documents prepared by the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.

Top economic officials of the 24 O.E.C.D. nations will meet in Paris starting
Tuesday, but prospects are slim that they will make any headway on farm issues,
analysts said.

Agriculture bodes as one of the most divisive issues at the meeting, which will
serve as a precursor of the seven-nation economic summit meeting in Venice next
month.

American Delegation

Treasury Secretary James A. Baker 3d, Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige,
Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng and Clayton K. Yeutter, the trade
representative, will represent the United States at the Paris meeting of the
industrial nations.

The studies, distributed internally among the countries in January and February,
describe an ominous state of world agriculture and in particular among the
organization's members.

One report by staff economists warned that agriculture policies ''are locked
into a vicious spiral of rising budgetary outlays, mounting supply-demand
imbalances, burgeoning stocks of excess products and pervasive subsidization of
agricultural exports.'' The report emphasized that ''immediate action is
needed.''

Other issues are trade, adjustment of systemic national policies that retard
economic growth, and the countries' economic-policy relationships, which,
officials said, makes likely more criticism of Japan, West Germany and the
United States for policies that slow world economic growth.

For the first time, according to the documents and officials' analyses of them,
economists have devised a way acceptable to member countries of calculating the
extent to which each country's aid to farmers contributes to the crisis. That
enables economists to measure a country's progress in reducing the aid.

Yet the countries have already rejected an American ''early harvest'' proposal
to negotiate away the gamut of aid, which includes income subsidies, restraints
of trade, production and acreage controls and price stabilization plans. And the
United States rejects a European ''cease-fire'' proposal to end farm subsidies
without considering other forms of aid.

''Having a measurement method doesn't make anyone any more willing to
negotiate,'' said Daniel G. Amstutz, Under Secretary of Agriculture. Progress
toward negotiation has been excruciatingly slow, he added. In September, the
countries agreed to permit a discussion of agriculture in trade-liberalization
talks that have begun in Geneva. But they made no commitments. ''My hope for
Paris,'' Mr. Amstutz said, ''is a commitment to negotiate.''

Management Officer's Note

The harshest O.E.C.D. document is a ''Draft Note by the Secretary General on the
Problem of Agriculture.'' Jean Claude Paye, the top management officer of the
organization, wrote: ''The world food system is in a deep crisis that seems
beyond the control of traditional mechanisms, national and international,
whether they be political or economic. Despite continuing economic growth and
the efforts made in many countries, the agriculture situation continues to
deteriorate.''

Mr. Paye said that ''virtually every member country has adopted practices that
help insulate its domestic market.'' He called such practices ''ruinous and
scandalous.''

A gauge of the effect of agricultural aid is called the ''producer subsidy
equivalent,'' or the payment a government would have to make to farmers to
compensate for the removal of government aid to the farmer. For dairy farmers,
for example, the subsidy is 48 percent in the United States, 69 percent in
Europe and 83 percent in Japan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 21, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Farm Export Slump Seen

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 17, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 20


Agricultural exports are expected to slump to a nine-year low of $26.5 billion
in the current fiscal year, as buyers delay purchases in the hope of even lower
prices, the Agriculture Department said today.

The estimate was $1 billion lower than forecast in May and down from the $31.2
billion exported in fiscal 1985. The fiscal year ends Sept. 30.

The department also said the surplus in agricultural trade, a mainstay of United
States trade for decades, would fall to only $6 billion this fiscal year, the
lowest since 1972.

In May and June this year, there was a deficit in the farm trade balance - $348
million in May and $71 million in June.

Figures for July were not issued.

The decline in farm exports also reflected a drop in Soviet grain imports from
record levels of a year ago, continued large production by Australia, Canada,
Argentina and the European Community and a lack of buying-power in many
developing countries, the department said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

End of U.S. meat labelling law seen as 'great day for Canada'

BYLINE: Dan Healing, Calgary Herald, With Files From The Canadian Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 618 words


A potential trade war between Canada and the United States was averted Friday
when Congress passed a massive spending bill that also repealed a controversial
meat labelling law.

The 2,000-plus pages of legislation contained a two-page rider that scrapped the
U.S. labelling law, known as COOL, which had become a major irritant among
Canada, Mexico and the U.S. U.S. President Barack Obama formally signed the bill
Friday to complete the legislative process.

The World Trade Organization granted Canada and Mexico the right to impose $1
billion in punitive tariffs on various U.S. products after finding that the
country-oforigin labelling provisions on beef and pork products violated
international trade rules.

Canada and Mexico argued the measure was nothing more than thinly disguised
protectionism. Supporters said consumers have a right to know where their meat
comes from.

International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland and Agriculture Minister Lawrence
MacAulay both welcomed the passage of the legislation, calling Friday "a great
day for Canada."

"This is a real vindication of the power and significance of the WTO
dispute-resolution mechanism, which has secured a real win for Canada," Freeland
said in a teleconference call from Nairobi, where she and MacAulay were taking
part in a trade conference. "This is a decision that will have a real and
immediate benefit to the Canadian economy."

Freeland expects the labelling regime will disappear quickly.

"We'll be monitoring the situation to make sure there are no problems in this
area," MacAulay added.

The ministers thanked Canadian diplomats and some American politicians and
industries which supported doing away with the measure.

The Senate had been the last barrier because domestic political interests kept
some senators opposed to repealing the law.

Alberta Agriculture Minister Oneil Carlier said the province's beef and pork
industry will now have greater access to American markets.

"Alberta's agriculture products are the province's second-largest export sector,
and the United States is our most important trading partner," he said in a news
release.

"With COOL eliminated, livestock producers, workers and businesses will no
longer be saddled with unnecessary costs and have more opportunities to
strengthen agriculture trade between our two countries."

In 2014, Alberta exported about $1.7 billion in live cattle and beef products to
the U.S. and $189 million in live hogs and pork products, the province said.

Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts, the Republican chair of the Senate's powerful
agriculture committee, expressed relief Friday at the news. Roberts said the
retaliatory measures would have been damaging to various sectors of the U.S.
economy.

"From the ranchers in Kansas to the jewelry makers on the East Coast, every
state had something to lose from keeping mandatory COOL intact," Roberts said in
a statement.

The WTO ruling, the latest in a series that Canada won in the dispute, cleared
the way for widespread retaliation.

The targeted U.S. products included not only agricultural ones such as cattle,
pork, apples, rice, maple syrup and wine, but extended to non-agricultural
products, such as jewelry, office chairs, wooden furniture and mattresses.

Freeland said Canada still intends to obtain formal approval next week from the
WTO for retaliation, even though the tariffs won't be imposed.

"We think that it is prudent of us to take the legal process to its formal,
technical conclusion," she said.

On Friday, the Senate voted by a 65-33 margin to approve the massive bill that
included $1.14 trillion in new spending in 2016 and $680 billion in tax cuts in
the decade to come. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 21, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Europe's Farm Minister Says Onus Is on U.S. in Subsidy Fight

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 20


Franz Fischler, the departing agriculture minister for the European Union, said
on Friday that American policy makers can no longer use Europe as their
scapegoat in the global battle over farm subsidies.

After nine years of fighting to trim Europe's farm payments system and increase
spending for food safety and the environment, Mr. Fischler said it was time to
lay to rest the old stereotypes of subsidized European farmers amassing
mountains of excess butter and lakes of surplus wine.

''American farmers now receive 10 times more than European farmers, but the
myths haven't died,'' Mr. Fischler said. ''But here they act as if nothing has
happened over the last few years, as if Europe hasn't made painful reforms to
reduce their farm supports.''

The issue of dealing with farm subsidies is urgent as the World Trade
Organization resumed talks this week on agriculture after the United States and
Europe accused each other of blocking the negotiations.

Mr. Fischler said in an interview on Friday that he had reached tentative
agreement in Geneva last week on ''90 percent of the trade agenda'' with the
Group of 20, the developing nations that were pivotal in talks in Cancun,
Mexico, last year.

The countries, which include India, Brazil, China and South Africa, have said
this latest round of global talks must include the reduction or elimination of
many of the agricultural subsidies in rich nations.

To advance the negotiations, Mr. Fischler said Europe was opening its markets to
cotton exports from poor West African nations and would finance the countries'
export programs, another demand at Cancun. At the same time, Europe is reducing
subsidies for its own cotton farmers and its cotton exports.

In another nod to poor nations hoping that agricultural exports will be their
ticket out of poverty, Mr. Fischler said the European nations would begin talks
next month on opening the Continent's markets to sugar, a commodity that is as
highly protected there as in the United States.

''You don't see that in the United States, '' Mr. Fischler said. ''The reality
is we are moving away from the old-style supports of the 1990's but the United
States isn't -- it has taken a step backward.''

Washington, however, sees things differently.

In his latest trade proposal, Robert B. Zoellick, the United States trade
representative, put the onus on Europe's agricultural export subsidies as the
biggest stumbling block in global talks.

''Export subsidies distort trade more than any other measure,'' Mr. Zoellick
wrote in a letter to trade ministers. ''To move the negotiations forward, I
believe we should seek an understanding that there will be elimination of export
subsidies by a date certain.''

Mr. Fischler found the challenge one-sided.

''For my taste, Bob could have been more outspoken about attacking the U.S.
export system,'' he said.

But most members of Congress support Mr. Zoellick, routinely citing figures they
say prove Europe outspends the United States by as much as five to one on farm
subsidies. Now, with trade a central issue in the presidential campaign this
year, it is unlikely that lawmakers will risk upsetting the powerful farm lobby
by cutting into the record subsidies passed in the 2002 farm bill.

In what may be his last visit here, Mr. Fischler, who leaves office in October,
came to Washington this week to remind lawmakers and administration officials
that Europe has cut in half the money it spends on agriculture subsidies and
support as a percentage of the group's gross domestic product.

That money will be diluted further when 10 more countries are added to the
European Union this year, along with their four million farmers.

''We did the final big step of reform last year before the expansion,'' Mr.
Fischler said.

Among the changes put in place during Mr. Fischler's tenure are the system of
labeling and tracing food to ensure its safety; increases in financing for
programs to protect the environment and preserve the beauty of the Continent's
rural landscapes; and the tightening of laws for animal welfare, which
essentially rule out many of the practices followed in the United States.

Indeed, Mr. Fischler predicted that the United States would eventually adopt the
changes made in Europe, especially those aimed at tracing food from the farm to
the supermarket.

''I'm really convinced you'll see the same here -- Americans will ask how was
this produced, where did it come from, how were the animals treated,'' Mr.
Fischler said. ''American society won't accept what they have now.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 8, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

UNIFORMS ANGELICA BUYS CHAIN OF 8 STORES ST. LOUIS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 767 words


Angelica Corp. has bought a chain of eight uniform stores in Kentucky and
Indiana.  Terms were not disclosed.  The chain, Uniforms Unlimited, has yearly
sales of about $2 million.  Angelica said it will integrate Uniforms Unlimited
into its chain, Life Uniform and Shoe Shops.  DEBENTURES A-B To Redeem $85.6
Million St. Louis Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. has announced that it will redeem
$85.6 million in debentures due Sept. 1, 2008, effective Feb. 1.  The company
said the redemption price is 104.11 percent of the principal amount plus $35.625
in accrued interest for each $1,000 of principal amount.  The debentures will
become payable upon presentation on or after the redemption date to Morgan
Guaranty Trust Co. of New York.  AEROSPACE LaBarge Awarded $4 Million Contract
St. Louis LaBarge Inc. of St. Louis has been awarded a $4 million contract from
General Dynamics Corp. to make electrical cables and harnesses for the Atlas II
and Titan IV/Centaur rockets.  LaBarge's plant in Berryville, Ark., is to build
the assemblies beginning in the fourth quarter of this year. The commercial
contract could be worth a total of $10 million if General Dynamics decides to
exercise additional options over the next seven years, LaBarge said.
AGRICULTURE Engineered Plants Control Pests St. Louis Genetically engineered
cotton plants almost completely controlled several caterpillar pests, says a
U.S. Department of Agriculture report.  Scientists from USDA's Agricultural
Research Service, state universities and Monsanto Co. ran tests at six sites in
five states. Monsanto inserted genes of a naturally occurring bacterium found in
soil into the cotton plants.  The bacterium - Bacillus thuringiensis, or Bt -
makes a protein that paralyzes a caterpillar's digestive tract.  AP MILITARY
HARDWARE Engineered Support Wins Contract St. Louis Engineered Support Systems
Inc. said Tuesday that it has received a $5 million contract from the Army to
build a fuel distribution system for Arctic climates.  The military contractor,
which is based in Olivette, said the project will require engineering design and
systems integration. The system is to be used to refuel aircraft, vehicles and
power equipment and to handle aviation gasoline, jet fuel and diesel fuel.
RETAILING Sears Equipment Will Cut 1,000 Jobs National Sears, Roebuck & Co.,
which has been struggling to overcome sluggish sales, said Tuesday that it will
buy sophisticated new sales equipment that will cut costs and replace 1,000
full-time workers.  The Chicago-based retailer, the nation's third largest,
announced it will spend $60 million for 28,000 custom-designed cash registers
and 6,000 automated customer-service kiosks. The new technology will allow Sears
to eliminate about 1,000 non-sales positions and 5,900 part-time clerical
positions by the end of the first quarter. The result will be annual savings of
$50 million beginning this year, Sears said.  Reuters ALCOA Company Takes $217
Million Charge National Aluminum Co. of America said Tuesday that it will take a
$217 million after-tax charge against fourth-quarter earnings, mainly to cover
environmental costs at several plants around the world.  An Alcoa spokesman
declined to comment on whether the charge will keep Alcoa from posting a profit
for the quarter.  Reuters DEBT Credit Card Delinquencies Rise National Bank
credit card holders fell further behind on their bills in October, but
uncollectible debts appear to be leveling off, Moody's Investors Service Inc.
said Tuesday. Moody's said 6.03 percent of account balances in its U.S.  Credit
Card Index were delinquent in October 1991, continuing a rise that began in
July. Delinquent balances were 7 percent higher than October 1990.  AP INSIDER
TRADING Psychiatrist Fined, Gets No Jail National A psychiatrist who made
thousands of dollars in the stock market using inside information from a patient
- the wife of a prominent financier - was fined $150,000 Tuesday but spared jail
time in U.S. District Court in New York. Dr. Robert Willis' sentence was five
years of probation and 3,000 hours of community service. He had faced up to 10
years in prison and a $500,000 fine.  AP AIRLINES Northwest To Install Video
Systems National Northwest Airlines Inc. will spend $450 million for
sophisticated video systems and other improvements in its planes. Passengers
using the new video system will be able to watch movies, television programs,
newscasts and sports events. They also will be able to play video games, check
flight information, pre-process passport information and order merchandise.  AP

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO By AP...Shining Moment...A worker touches up Chrysler's
Dodge Viper before the opening of the North American International Auto Show in
Detroit Monday.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 14, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

DEMAND FOR CORN MAY RISE PRICE

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 13


World and domestic demand for American corn and other feed grains will be strong
in the coming marketing year, and reserves on hand by Oct.1, 1982, will drop to
one of the lowest levels since 1974, the Agriculture Department predicted today.

In its monthly supply and demand report, the department said these factors would
probably push the price of corn up about 10 cents a bushel.

But William G. Lesher, Assistant Secretary for Economics, said he did not expect
this small increase to affect retail meat prices during 1982.

Soviet Forecast Repeated

The department repeated its earlier forecast of lower Soviet grain production in
1981, saying it expected a reduction of more than 10 million metric tons, to
about 200 million metric tons. A metric ton is about 2,204 pounds.

The production would be far below the 1981 Russian production target of 236
million tons. The department now believes, Mr. Lesher said, that the Russians
will need to import 38 million tons, if they intend to maintain meat supplies.

If so, in addition to the wheat, corn, and other feed grains they could buy from
other exporting countries, the Soviet Union would have to come to the United
States for about 13 million tons during the 1982 marketing year, which runs from
Oct. 1, 1981, until Sept. 30, 1982.

Agreement Anticipated

The United States still hopes to conclude another grain agreement with the
Russians. Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said Friday that he hoped grain
talks could begin by the end of this month.

But Mr. Lesher said today that the department still had no forecast of how much
American grain the Russians would want to buy in the 1982 marketing year.

In its first estimate of the 1981 American corn crop last Friday, the
Agriculture Department forecast production at 7.12 billion bushels, the
third-largest crop in history. In today's supply and demand outlook, it foresaw
a carry-over - the amount left when the 1981 harvest begins - of about 866
million bushels, much lower than last year's 1.6 billion tons. Domestic use of
corn in the coming year was expected to be slightly lower. Total exports,
including those to the Soviet Union, would be about the same as in the current
marketing year ending Sept. 30.

Low Corn Reserve

All this, the department said, should leave the United States in the autumn of
1981 with a carry-over, or reserve, of only 708 million bushels, barely above
the minimum 600 million bushels needed to keep supplies flowing while the 1982
crop is harvested.

On Friday, the department also predicted another record wheat crop in 1981,
anticipating total production of more than 2.8 billion bushels.

The 1981 wheat crop year has now ended with the United States holding a
carry-over from last year of more than 900 billion bushels. With another
potential record crop now being harvested, the department today forecast a 1982
carry-over of 1.2 billion bushels, one of the largest on record.

Wheat prices are already dropping below the level at which Federal subsidies
must be paid to wheat farmers. Mr. Lesher said today that it now appeared more
likely that these subsidies would have to be paid early next year.

If wheat farmers' market prices continue at today's level of about $3.67 a
bushel, the subsidies could cost taxpayers more than $400 million next January.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           February 1, 2003, Saturday

US BEEF FIGURES IMPROVE

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 234 words


NEAR-RECORD beef production, a falling cattle inventory, and lower cattle on
feed numbers characterised the United States beef industry in 2002.

Last year, the US produced 12.283 million tonnes of beef, up two per cent
compared with 2001, and the second highest annual production in more than a
decade (the highest was 12.146m tonnes in 2000).

The United States Department of Agriculture expects US beef production to fall
five per cent, to 11.65m tonnes this year, while Steiner Consulting Group is
forecasting a 2.9 per cent fall.

The high production was assisted by the drought-induced turnoff of additional
heifers, which caused a decline in total cattle numbers for the seventh
consecutive year.

As at January 1 this year, the US cattle inventory was 96.4m head, down 0.3 per
cent from the 96.7m in 2002. The US cattle herd is expected to begin rebuilding
this year, providing weather conditions continue to improve.

The strong demand for beef in the US during 2002 buoyed meat prices in spite of
the large beef, pork and poultry supplies. Per capita beef spending reached a
record high in 2002, up (US$ ) 11 (pounds 6.93) to (US$ ) 210 (pounds 132.30)
per capita.

Most analysts are expecting a sharp rise in US meat prices this year, fuelled by
lower beef supplies, a restoration of poultry exports to Russia, high feed grain
costs and a recovery in export demand.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 1, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

PRICES PAID FARMERS DOWN 1.9% IN MARCH

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 13, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 31


The prices that farmers receive for their raw products dropped 1.9 percent in
March from February, the fourth consecutive monthly decline, but still were an
average of 10 percent higher than those of a year ago, the Agriculture
Department said today. Officials said that lower prices for hogs, cattle,
soybeans, wheat, cotton and corn led the decline.

Prices were higher for oranges, onions, potatoes, tomatoes, lettuce and snap
beans, the department's Crop Reporting Board said.  Prices that farmers pay to
meet expenses rose seven-tenths of 1 percent from February and were an average
of 9.4 percent higher than those of a year ago. Prices were higher chiefly for
family living items, fuels, fertilizers, farm chemicals and farm equipment, the
report said.

According to the preliminary March figures - which are based mostly on midmonth
averages - prices of meat animals as a group dropped 3.2 percent from February.
The index was 6.5 percent below that of a year earlier.

Soybeans and Cottonseed Off

The March price index for oil-bearing crops - which include soybeans and
cottonseed - declined 4.4 percent from February but still was 28 percent higher
than index figures a year ago.

But vegetable prices at the farm rose 4.3 percent from a month earlier, with
higher prices for onions, tomatoes and lettuce accounting for most of it, the
report said. Prices for sweet corn, asparagus and carrots dropped. The overall
index was up 53 percent compared with March figures a year ago.

Fruit prices over all rose 12 percent from February, with oranges, strawberries,
pears and grapefruit accounting for most of the increase.

Department economists continued to predict that retail food prices would go up
an average of 10 to 15 percent this year, compared with an 8.6 percent increase
in 1980, the smallest one-year gain since 1977.

Measuring specific prices, the report said that cattle averaged $57.40 per 100
pounds, compared with $58.70 in February and $64.30 in March 1980; wheat
averaged $3.93 a bushel, compared with $4.17 in February and $3.64 a year ago,
and eggs were 60.8 cents a dozen, compared with 62.6 cents in February and 55
cents a year ago.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            August 10, 1999, Tuesday

ALIEN WEED ELUDES AUTHORITIES, THEN TURNS UP AT HOME DEPOT

BYLINE: BY ERIK SIEMERS

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 59 words


US Dept of Agriculture reports that some 36,000 Sparganium erectum plants
slipped into the US and found their way to Home Depot stores in at least 17
states; known as the exotic bur reed, the plant is on the federal Noxious Weed
list of banned plants, based on evidence in Europe that it chokes waterways and
hinders recreation in shallow water (M)

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 24, 2010

La. awarded grant to enhance specialty crops

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Agriculture and Forestry Commissioner Mike Strain, D.V.M., said the Louisiana
Department of Agriculture and Forestry (LDAF) awarded more than $350,000 of
grant money for research, educational and marketing projects to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Louisiana.

The funding came from a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) grant
program and gave $55 million to state agriculture departments for projects that
pertain to specialty crops. The LDAF received $353,448 for the program.

Strain said to review applications, LDAF formed a four-member panel with
combined expertise in biological sciences, horticulture, fruit production,
vegetable production, dairy production and commodity marketing to review
applications.

The five projects funded are as follows:

The LSU AgCenter will conduct a study of pecan scab disease to evaluate and
compare the use of phosphorous-based fungicides and fertilizers on the disease.

The AgMagic Youth Education Program will be conducted by the LSU AgCenter.

A new marketing program called "Louisiana Grown. Real. Fresh." to promote local
specialty crops will be administered by the LDAF.

The Louisiana Pecan Growers Association will implement a Louisiana pecan
nutrition awareness marketing program.

The LSU AgCenter will conduct a study to identify weed management strategies to
maximize profits for the Louisiana sweet potato industry.

The projects will be completed during a one to three year span.

"Part of what makes Louisiana unique is its abundant variety of specialty crops
like sweet potatoes, tomatoes, strawberries and pecans, to name a few," Strain
said. "All of the proposals were beneficial, but the panel and I agreed these
five projects will serve the state's specialty crops needs best at this time."

Michelle Estay, LDAF commodity promotion and research director, said she expects
the specialty crop grant program to be funded next year and anticipated
accepting applications for 2011 project proposals early next year.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 The Jena Times


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Former Military Leaders Highlight the Importance of Agriculture and
National Security

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: House Committee on Agriculture has issued the following press
release:



 Today, the House Agriculture Committee held a hearing to examine the
on-the-ground experiences of former military leaders and the connection between
agricultural policy and national security. This is the fifth hearing in the
committee's hearing series focused on national security. Members heard from a
panel of former military leaders who described how the United States' investment
in transportation and infrastructure, agricultural research and innovation, and
risk management tools for farmers has led to a vibrant and stable agricultural
industry in the U.S., which is inexplicably linked to our national security. The
panel also cautioned that an insufficient focus on agriculture has led to
detrimental effects on the security and stability of countries around the world.





 "A strong military and sound agricultural policies are pillars of our national
security. The men and women of America's armed services regularly witness food
insecurity around the world, and today we heard from former military leaders who
shared their accounts of the tremendous instability that occurs in countries
where agriculture development is not a priority. The United States is
consistently ranked as one of the most food secure nations in the world, which
is why it's important we understand the factors that threaten national and
global markets. Sound farm policy is, and continues to be, an integral piece of
our ability to prevent food insecurity in this country. I want to thank our
panel for sharing their on-the ground experiences and giving us an enhanced
global perspective of the importance of maintaining and protecting a safe food
supply," said Chairman K. Michael Conaway.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            March 20, 2008 Thursday

Arrival of spring marks National Agriculture Day

BYLINE: Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 819 words


CARLSBAD - National Agriculture Day was March 20, which is the first day of
spring and I should have written this article a week or so ago but didn't get er
done. There are some things I would like to take the opportunity to visit with
you about. The world population is at 6.2 billion today, almost double since I
received my master's degree in 1982, and it is expected to reach 7.5 billion by
the year 2020. The United States exports food products to feed an additional
one-third of the world besides itself. Agriculture products are the US's largest
export product and as the dollar grows weaker we export more.The US exports
about 17 percent of all its agriculture production. Thanks to public investment
in Agriculture Experiment Stations, Cooperative Extension Service and Land Grant
Universities, the United States is the world technological leader in applied
agriculture technology. U.S. farmers and ranchers produce more than 200 raw
commodities yearly for domestic and export markets.In 1999, one farmer produced
enough food to feed about 144 people each day; today it is a little more than
200. Agriculture generates 20 percent of the U.S. Gross Domestic Product.
One-fourth of the world's beef and nearly one-fifth of the world's grain, milk
and eggs are produced in the U.S. The United States exports $43.5 billion in
agriculture products and imports $26.4 billion in farm products, equaling a
positive net trade balance of $17.1 billion. One in three U.S. farm acres is
planted for export, and 25 percent of gross farm income comes directly from
exports. Through research and changes in production practices, today's food
producers are providing Americans with the widest variety of safe, nutritious
foods ever. Research and advancements in biotechnology are now in the
marketplace with tastier fruits and vegetables that stay fresh longer and are
not damaged by insects. Consumers derive health benefits from changes in farm
production including less fat in meat and longer lasting fresh fruits and
vegetables. Tofu, a soybean product, has been shown to reduce the risk of some
cancers and heart disease.Every hour, of every day the U.S. exports $6 million
worth of agricultural products.Two out of every three bushels of corn in the
world originate in the United States. In 2001, 45 percent of the world's
soybeans were grown in the United States.Even as food costs are increasing,
American consumers spend the lowest percentage of their annual income on food --
just 9.3 percent. Of which almost half is spent on consuming food not prepared
at home.Cotton is by the far the most dominant fiber produced in the United
States and is used for apparel and home fabrics as well as industrial uses. Crop
protection products have tripled the output of resource-intensive food, like
cooking oil, meat, fruits and vegetables. Crop protection products have doubled
the production of world food calories since 1960. Without synthetic crop
production chemicals, American farmers cannot feed the world. Farmers and
ranchers are the first environmentalists, maintaining and improving the soil and
natural resources to pass on to future generations. Farmers use reduced tillage
practices on more than 72 million acres to prevent erosion. Farmers maintain
over 1.3 million acres of grass waterways, allowing water to flow naturally from
crops without eroding soil. Cattle ranchers and others control water run-off
with sod waterways and diversions, erosion control structures and catch basins.
Just as urban families recycle grass, newspaper and aluminum, farm families have
practiced recycling for a long time by applying manure to fields to replace
nutrients in the soil. Food service food scraps are used to make animal feed.
Agricultural land provides habitat for 75 percent of the nation's wildlife. Eddy
County is New Mexico's largest producer of alfalfa hay which is converted by
using it as a feed and forage product to produce milk and other dairy products,
beef, and other human consumable protein. Eddy County is the seventh largest
producer of alfalfa hay in the nation.Eddy County produces $142.87 million per
year in animal products and another $76.11 million a year in crop products for
an annual income to the county of $218.98 million per year. Agriculture
producers are unique in that they buy at local retail and sell at wholesale and
at least 90 percent is sold out of county so most of this is what economists
call new money to help drive our county economy. If you eat, wear cotton and
live in a wood structure, you benefit from American agriculture.Eddy County
Extension Service, New Mexico State University is an equal
opportunity/affirmative action employer and educator. All programs are available
to everyone regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, handicap, or national
origin. New Mexico State University, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the
Eddy County Government Cooperating.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Woods Houghton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 26, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Manzanillo Journal;
In Corn's Cradle, U.S. Imports Bury Family Farms

BYLINE:  By TIM WEINER

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; Foreign Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 970 words

DATELINE: MANZANILLO, Mexico


For many generations, corn has been the sacred center of civilization in Mexico,
the place where the grain was first cultivated some 5,000 years ago.

Gods and goddesses of corn filled the dreams and visions of the great
civilizations that rose and fell here before the Spaniards came five centuries
ago. Today the corn tortilla is consumed at almost every meal. Among the poor,
sometimes it is the entire meal.

But the modern world is closing in on the little patch of maize, known as the
milpa, that has sustained millions of Mexicans through the centuries. The
powerful force of American agribusiness, unleashed in Mexico by the North
American Free Trade Agreement, may doom the growing of corn as a way of life for
family farmers here, agronomists and economists say.

Lorenzo Rebollo, a 53-year-old dirt farmer, works two and a half acres of corn
and beans here on the slopes of the eastern state of Michoacan, in Mexico's
central highlands, where corn was first grown as a food crop, archaeologists
say. Mr. Rebollo is one of about 3 million Mexicans who farm corn and support
roughly 15 million family members.

His grown sons have left for the United States to make a living, and Mr. Rebollo
says he may be the last man to farm this patch of earth. It is the same story
all over Mexico: thousands of farmers pulling up stakes every year, heading for
Mexico City or the United States. Some grew coffee or cut sugar cane. But most
grew corn.

Roughly a quarter of the corn in Mexico is now imported from the United States.
Men like Mr. Rebollo cannot compete against the mechanized, subsidized giants of
American agriculture.

"Corn growing has basically collapsed in Mexico," Carlos Heredia Zubieta, an
economist and a member of Mexico's Congress, said in a recent speech to an
American audience. "The flood of imports of basic grains has ravaged the
countryside, so the corn growers are here instead of working in the fields."

The facts are stark. Since Nafta took effect eight years ago, imports of corn to
Mexico from the United States have increased nearly eighteenfold, according to
the United States Department of Agriculture. The imports will probably keep
growing for the next six years as the final phases of Nafta take effect.

In the United States, corn growers receive billions of dollars a year in
subsidies from Congress, much of it going to huge agribusiness operations. That
policy fuels huge surpluses and pushes corn prices down.

Free trade and Mexico's own farm policies "threaten the ability of Mexican
farmers to continue to grow corn," said Alejandro Nadal, a professor at the
Colegio de Mexico and the author of a study on the issue.

In Mexico, Nafta did away with many traditional subsidies and generous price
supports. Some contend it is doing away with small farmers. About 90 percent of
Mexico's corn farmers work fields of five acres or less, and their survival
instincts are driving them farther and farther up Mexico's mountainsides as they
strive to grow enough to get by.

"We work the land all our lives," Mr. Rebollo said. "But the farmers are growing
more and getting less."

Under a slowly lifting ceiling, the United States will be able to export all the
corn it wants to Mexico, duty free, by 2008. Nafta's drafters told Mexico's
farmers that as the ceiling lifted, the price of corn in Mexico would slowly
fall toward United States and international prices over the 15-year period.

But instead, prices plunged quickly, converging with the free-market price by
1997. This was good news for big companies in Mexico importing corn for animal
feed and processed food. But it was hard on the farmers, who have little
political clout under the government of President Vicente Fox, an ardent
free-trader.

The effect of American imports on Mexican agriculture was not unforeseen.
"Integration into the global economy will also accelerate the social dislocation
that rapid modernization inevitably brings to a developing economy," Bernard
Aronson, a former assistant secretary of state for Latin American affairs, wrote
eight years ago as the trade pact took effect.

But some things were not predicted. One unforeseen result of the collapse of
corn farming, Mr. Nadal warns, will be the loss of genetically unique kinds of
corn. As imports grow and farmers give up their fields, he said, ancient
varieties like the succulent blue corn used for tortillas may be endangered.
Some may already be lost, he said.

"If traditional growers abandon corn production -- as the Nafta strategy
foresees -- then even more significant genetic erosion will occur," he said.

The importation of bioengineered corn from the United States is a separate but
heated issue. Mexico's government does not permit the planting of genetically
modified corn. But the new modified breeds can be imported as food or feed. The
science journal Nature and Mexico's government published findings last year
showing that bioengineered genes from American imports have invaded ancient
varieties of corn in the state of Oaxaca.

Nafta has had demonstrable benefits for many sectors of the Mexican economy that
have become competitive, and Mr. Fox says it is no longer possible for the
government to step in and assist farmers.

State legislators who want Mexico to protect its corn the way Japan protects its
rice have had no luck swaying him. Mr. Fox's agriculture minister, Javier
Usabiaga -- a highly successful exporter known as the Garlic King in Guanajuato,
his home state as well as Mr. Fox's -- says that a farmer who cannot survive in
the 21st century is simply "going to have to find another job."

Farmers like Mr. Rebollo are regarded as artifacts of an earlier, simpler age.
"I have this little bit of land, and I work it, and it's good hard work," he
said as he walked his fallow field. "But I think when I go it will go too."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Lorenzo Rebollo, a farmer in Manzanillo, Mexico, says he cannot
compete with the corn imported from the United States. "We work the land all our
lives," he said. "But the farmers are growing more and getting less." (Lynsey
Addario/Saba, for The New York Times) Chart: "KEEPING TRACK: Mexican Corn"Corn
exports from the United States to Mexico have risen sharply in the last decade,
while corn production in Mexico leveled off. Graph tracks U.S. exports and
Mexican production (million metric tons of corn) from 1992-2000(Sources:
Secretary of Agriculture in Mexico; U.S. Department of Agriculture)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues
Solicitation for "Electronic access to ASCESS Digital Library Current"

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service officer has
issued requirement for "Electronic access to ASCESS Digital Library Current"

Solicitation No: 782208

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: December 29, 2015

Description: The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural
Research Service (ARS), National Agricultural Library (NAL) in Beltsville, MD,
intends to negotiate on a sole source basis under the Simplified Acquisition
Procedures with the American Society of Agronomy (ASA), 5585 Guilford Road,
Fitchburg, WI 53711-1086, to provide electronic access via the internet for all
USDA users to the ACSESS Digital Library, a complete collection of all content
published by the American Society of Agronomy, Crop Science Society of America,
and Soil Science Society of America. (ASA-CSSA-SSSA). NAL requires electronic
access via the internet for use by all USDA employees, authorized public on-site
users, cooperators, and volunteers working on behalf of USDA and acting within
the scope of their relationship with USDA during the period of performance.
Access must include perpetual data rights to the content.


The circumstance permitting other than full and open competition is FAR
13.106-1(b)(1)(i) and 41 USC 253(c)(1), only one responsible source and no other
type of supplies or source will meet agency needs. The National Agricultural
Library (NAL) is mandated (7 U.S.C. 3101) to serve as the primary agricultural
information resource of the United States. One of its functions in that role is
the acquisition of information in all aspects of agriculture and allied
sciences. In support of this function, the NAL acquires journal publications in
electronic format from publishers and makes the journals accessible to USDA
employees and library patrons via the internet. In keeping with its charge to
collect agricultural and related information, it seeks to maintain a collection
of publications in various formats from a variety of publishers and sources.
USDA researchers have demonstrated the importance of this journal content by
their heavy past use of the electronic versions of the journals, made accessible
by NAL's DigiTop service. NAL would like to continue to benefit from them.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Contact Details: N/A

Point of Contact(s): Marian Dixon-Durham marian.dixon-durham@ars.usda.gov Phone:
3015041700


LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                              July 14, 2003 Monday

Firm growth

SECTION: Summary

LENGTH: 56 words

DATELINE: 07/14/2003

The first estimate of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
indicates that the Brazilian harvest in 2003/04 will be 56 million tons. If this
is realized, it will be 6.7% more than in 2002/03. With this, Brazil and
Argentina will harvest 18.4% more than the United States.  (Gazeta Mercantil -
Translated by James Bruce)

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 InvestNews S.A.


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       May 2, 1994, Monday, METRO EDITION

Canada in fierce fight to harvest wheat sales Agriculture minister pitches easy
credit terms on trip to Asia

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 516 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - Ralph's got some high-quality merchandise he wants to unload -
no money down and easy credit terms available.

He may not be selling knock-off watches on a street corner, but Canada's
agriculture minister is fighting just as hard for his share of the billions of
dollars spent worldwide every year on wheat.

Matching Ralph Goodale on every move is the salesperson's salesperson, Uncle
Sam.

Recent moves by Canada and the United States show just how fierce the
competition is.

Goodale spent the past two weeks in Asia making the case for Canada as the
quality dealer with the best terms.

In Korea, he argued it's unfair for Korea to favor the United States when it
buys wheat on credit.

A deal between the Koreans and the United States forces Korean buyers to borrow
from the Americans to buy U.S. milling wheat.

Goodale's solution? Persuade Korea that Canada's easy credit terms are just as
good and our wheat even better.

"We indicated Canada not only has the high-quality product that's required to
meet those demands for milling wheat in Korea, but we also have credit
facilities that were every bit as good and perhaps even better than the credit
facilities that were being offered by the United States," Goodale said in a
phone interview from China last week.

When the U.S. deal expires in September, Goodale wants Koreans to think Canada
when they think wheat.

Goodale's next stop was China. Canada has traditionally sold about 38 per cent
of all the wheat China consumes - $447 million worth last year alone.

But the slick salesperson from south of the border has been gaining in recent
years.

So Goodale wanted to press the flesh with Chinese buyers to ensure they stick
with Canada.

Goodale said Canada can't sit still and watch others grab market share.

For its part, the United States targeted Mexico last year as a market it could
grab. Using a program that pays farmers to sell wheat at lower prices in foreign
markets, the United States tried to wrest market share from Canada.

At the same time, they warned the Mexicans that Canada was dumping cheap wheat
on to their market to depress prices.

The Canadian government had to send an official envoy last year to calm the
waters and dispel the U.S. claims.

The biggest battle was yet to come.

As American farmers found it more and more attractive under government programs
to sell their wheat overseas in recent years, Canada has moved in to fill the
gap they've left at home.

But like one salesperson invading another's home turf, that move has drawn the
biggest response yet.

Despite several decisions in Canada's favor by the body that referees these
disputes, the Americans have once again begun challenging Canadian sales in
their country.

Discussions have dragged on since shortly after last fall's election on wheat
and a shopping list of agricultural products sold over the border.

A solution seems just as far away as it did when the discussions first began.

In the high-stakes world of wheat, never give an inch is the motto of every
salesperson.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo: MOVING WHEAT: Federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale,
right, is arguing that Canada offers a better deal than the United States on
quality wheat.

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 4, 1992, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Call for sanctions as trade talks fail

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: Chicago, IL


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan said last night he would recommend
trade sanctions against European Community imports after the EC and the U.S.
failed to resolve a dispute over agricultural trade.

Madigan, the top U.S. negotiator in talks aimed at averting a global trade war,
said he was still willing to continue to negotiate.

Earlier, EC Farm Commissioner Ray MacSharry said the two sides had hit an
impasse over trade rules for oilseeds.

He said the two sides came ''very close'' in talks that started Sunday to try to
avert a looming trade war, but he said the EC went as far as it could under the
limits of the group's Common Agricultural Policy.

Oilseeds, such as soybeans, are used in cooking oil and food products and have
been heavily subsidized by Europe, despite objections from Washington.

The U.S. had threatened to slap punitive tariffs on some products from the
European Community as early as today if a settlement was not reached.

The dispute is holding up General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade talks on
producing reforms to world trade that could add up to US$200 billion annually to
the world economy.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 18, 2008 Friday

Community-supported agriculture the concept at Red Earth Farm

BYLINE: Maria Herne, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 702 words


Jul. 18--Red Earth Farm specializes in freshness.

The zucchini that farmer Charis Lindrooth picks in the morning at her farm near
Orwigsburg could be on her customer's dinner table by supper time.

Red Earth Farm is part of what is called community-supported agriculture, a
European-born, fairly new trend that's catching on in the United States, in
which small farms and growers, specializing in produce, sell shares in their
organic harvests early in the spring.

Community-supported agriculture was introduced in the United States in the
1980s, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture Web site.

The CSA concept originated in the 1960s in Switzerland and Japan, where
consumers interested in safe food and farmers seeking stable markets for their
crops joined in economic partnerships, according to the USDA.

CSAs are meeting the demand for consumers embracing the "buy fresh, buy local"
philosophy, according to the Web site.

Located at 1025 Red Dale Road, the 14-acre Red Earth Farm is owned and operated
by husband and wife Lundrooth and Michael Ahlert. It is the only choice CSA in
Schuylkill County, where customers have the option of choosing the produce they
want from their share.

"We started the farm three years ago and we now have about 325 members," said
Lindrooth, a trained herbalist who manages the flower and herb share of the
business.

The farm has customers in Schuylkill, Berks, Montgomery and Philadelphia
counties, she said. Out-of-the-area customers pick up their shares at designated
sites to where the Red Earth crew delivers weekly.

"Our customers are very demanding," Lindrooth said. "They want a good product.
They want high quality ... organic and locally grown produce and they want a
good value for their money."

Red Earth Farm is not an officially certified organic farm. The process of
becoming certified would cost more for both farmer and customer, Lindrooth,
said.

"We're not certified organic, but we do adhere to organic and natural farming
practices, so our customers pay less for their vegetables but still have the
quality they want," she said.

According to statistics from LocalHarvest, a national information clearinghouse
and resource center for organic and local food, the number of CSAs in the United
States was estimated at 50 in 1990 and grew to more than 1,500 in 2007.

The CSA concept is fairly simple: For an initial investment, an average of of
$500 to $800 per year, the customer reaps a certain amount of weekly bushels of
whatever crops are in season, sharing the risks and the rewards of the organic
harvest.

Not only do CSA members know they are getting local produce and dairy products
that are free of pesticides and hormones, they are also avoiding mass-produced
food that often must be processed for a longer shelf life because of the greater
distances from farm to table.

Customer Teddi Cunningham, Pottsville, said she enjoys buying locally grown
items at a farm she knows is producing vegetables healthfully and safely.

"Everything is very fresh and the quality is good and it's good to know you're
supporting local farms," said Cunningham, who has a partial share in Red Earth
Farm.

Recently, a new irrigation system and heating system were added in the
greenhouses and the couple were awarded a Compost Infrastructure Grant from the
state Department of Environmental Protection, which they used to purchase a used
tractor and manure spreader.

"This will allow us to do larger scale composting," Lindrooth said.

Red Earth Farm's CSA members are encouraged to get involved in the growing
process, she said.

They can meet and talk to the owners and other CSA members at spring and fall
potluck gatherings or participate in "picking parties," social events in which
members help pick vegetables at harvest time, Lindrooth said.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080718-RN-Community-supported-agriculture
-the-concept-at-Red-Earth-Farm-0718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                                 Copyright 2008


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 3, 1992, Monday, Late Edition - Final

THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING;
U.S. Money for Food Ads

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 7; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 2


The McDonald's Corporation received $465,000 from the Agriculture Department
last year for advertisements, paper tray liners and counter displays promoting
Chicken McNuggets. The Campbell Soup Company received $450,000 to promote V8
juice.  And Joseph E. Seagram & Sons received $146,000 to help it promote Four
Roses whisky.

The three companies are among dozens of corporate giants that collected money
under an Agriculture Department program to find overseas markets for American
food, candy, whisky, wine, ginseng, cotton and mink pelts.

Some of the companies receive millions of dollars a year, according to documents
obtained by The Associated Press through the Freedom of Information Act.

The $200-million-a-year Market Promotion Program is supposed to help American
farmers by promoting exports of products that are at least half made up of
agricultural commodities from the United States.

In 1991, two-thirds of the grants went to industry associations that conduct
promotions for products like strawberries, kiwis or cling peaches. The rest went
to a long list of companies to advertise brand-name products, including Burger
King, M&M-Mars, Hershey Foods, Del Monte, Welch's and Ocean Spray Cranberries,
Nabisco and Quaker Oats.

The amounts last year ranged from as little as $237 to millions of dollars.

Pillsbury received $2.9 million to promote processed corn, Sunkist Growers won
nearly $10 million to promote citrus fruits, Gallo got about $5 million, and
Dole Food collected a total of about $3 million.

Some critics of the payments questioned why companies with substantial
advertising budgets were receiving thousands of dollars from the Government for
promotions they were likely to conduct anyway.

"This is a classic example of welfare for the rich in the worst possible way,"
said Rep. Richard K. Armey, Republican of Texas.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 3, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Deadly Bird Disease Hunted In 26 States and Puerto Rico

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 44, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 118 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, March 2


A deadly disease that has already forced the destruction of 2,000 exotic birds
in Florida is now being hunted in 25 other states and Puerto Rico, Federal
officials say.

Birds from a warehouse later found to be infected with Newcastle disease have
been sold all over the country, said Wayne Baggett, a spokesman for the United
States Department of Agriculture.

He said the birds were being tracked down and gassed in an attempt to prevent
further spread of the disease.

''It's like a big spider web,'' said Mr. Baggett. ''Every time there's one place
declared positive, we've got to trace all their shipments.''

The disease was found in birds at the Imperial Birds warehouse in Miami on Jan.
18.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 21, 1992, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BOGGED DOWN: RAIN EXPECTED TO SLOW PLANTING

BYLINE: William Flannery Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 527 words


The forecast for a week's worth of rain will likely slow Missouri and
Illinoisfarmers as they get into their spring planting season.  ''You're still
in prep stage at this point,'' said Paul Walsh, state statistician with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture office in Columbia, Mo.  ''You will be getting real
heavy into corn (planting) next week or so,'' Walsh said.  Mark Lindstedt, with
the Illinois Department of Agriculture in Springfield, agrees.  ''It has slowed
down,'' Lindstedt said. ''But field work has kept up in that part of the
state.'' Still, local corn farmers could get into trouble if the rains continue
for too long, said Richard G. Hoormann, with the University of Missouri
extension service in St. Charles County.  ''We're pretty wet out here in St.
Charles; s o it will be a couple of days before (farmers) can get into the
field,'' Hoormann said. ''We are later than last year, and last year was a late
year too.  ''But are we in danger? No, not yet. We will not be late with corn
planting until May 10.'' The latest USDA crop report for Missouri, released
Monday, shows that statewide, 73 percent of the farmland has been worked at
least once. That is slightly behind last year's rate for this time, but ahead of
the 65 percent figure that is normal.  Walsh said that over the past five years
Missouri farmers have averaged about 25 percent of the corn crop being planted
by the week of April 21, with about 90 percent in by the week of May 20. About
24 percent of the state's corn crop is now in, with farms in the southern part
of Missouri reporting 50 to 80 percent planted. Farmers in east-central Missouri
are running behind, with just 17 percent of the corn in.  In west-central
Illinois, corn planting is 40 percent completed, much ahead of the rest of the
state and the five-year average of 5 percent for this time of year.  ''Soybeans
(planting) is more in May,'' Walsh said, with about 20 percent of the bean crop
in the ground by mid-May and 75 percent in by the first of June.  ''Sorghum
tends to follow the same schedule as soybeans,'' Walsh said. ''As for cotton,
most of it is down in the Bootheel. That goes in in May.'' The winter wheat
harvest, however, could be hurt by too much rain, Walsh said.  ''It could be
like the last two years,'' Walsh said. ''When you get too much rain, you get a
lot of disease'' in the wheat.  Welsh said only 16 percent of the state's wheat
crop was rated as good, with 36 percent being very poor or poor.  Hoormann
agrees, saying cool, wet weather could do real harm to the wheat crop.  He said
late frosts in March and early April were particularly harmful to the state's
wheat.  He added that wheat was already hurt by a heavy winter kill last
November.  Until last week, Missouri farmers had more problems from lack of
rain, not too much. While statewide 65 percent of the topsoil moisture was rated
adequate, 22 percent was rated as short, with the southwestern part of Missouri
being rated 75 percent short.  Welsh said about 4.2 million acres of soybeans
will be planted this year, nearly 2.4 million acres of corn, 550,000 acres of
sorghum and 350,000 acres of cotton.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 30, 1988, Thursday, City Edition

Court asked to review canker suits

BYLINE: DAVID K. ROGERS

SECTION: METRO AND STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



ST. PETERSBURG - After a string of defeats in Florida's court    system, state
Agriculture Commissioner Doyle Conner has asked the    Supreme Court of the
United States to shield his department from the    lawsuits arising from the
citrus canker scare of the mid 1980s.

     The state Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services could    face
more than $ 250-million in damage awards, by the department's own    estimate.

     In a petition filed Tuesday with the Supreme Court, attorneys for    Conner
asked for a review of a decision upheld by the Florida Supreme    Court this
spring ordering his department to compensate a citrus    nursery for trees
burned during the department's search for citrus    canker disease.

     If the Florida court decision stands, the petition contends, state
regulatory agencies around the nation would face at least a partial    loss of
the police powers they use to protect public health and    welfare.

     But the attorney for the citrus nursery owners whose suit against    the
state has been repeatedly upheld in Florida's courts said Conner    would be
smarter to begin paying the judgments rather than try to    attract the high
court's attention.

     Attorneys for both sides said the U.S. Supreme Court could take at    least
six months before deciding whether to hear the state agriculture    department's
case.

     Between 1984 and 1987, state agriculture officials burned more than
20-million citrus trees and seedlings from about 120 citrus nurseries.

 The burnings were an attempt to rid the state's citrus groves of    canker,
then described as a direct threat to the very existence of    Florida's citrus
industry.

     But beginning in 1987, state and federal citrus experts began    testifying
in court that the several types of bacteria found in some of    the groves were
not canker at all, a fact they had known even before    the first young trees
were torched. Still other nurseries were burned    for having seedlings that may
have been exposed to the bacteria    elsewhere even though no evidence of canker
was found on site.

      Further, even if the real citrus canker were found, it poses    relatively
few risks to groves, the experts testified.

     That sort of testimony and accompanying documentation has led to a
series of lawsuits filed by citrus nursery owners against the    agriculture
department. The suits argue that because no real emergency    existed, the
agency needlessly confiscated the nursery trees without    paying for them.

     The first of the nursery owners' suits have already brought
multimillion-dollar judgments against the agriculture department.

 Attorneys for Conner have unsuccessfully appealed portions of those    cases
through the state court system up to the state Supreme Court.

     Mallory Horne, chief counsel for the agriculture department, said
Wednesday that the petition has couched his agency's legal predicament    in
constitutional terms that the federal high court might want to    address. In
addition, his agency will begin asking other state    regulators around the U.S.
to file similar documents stating their    support for the department's
petition.

     "The battle is between the (U.S. Constitution's) Fifth Amendment
protections against a taking of private property for public use versus    the
responsibility of government to use its police powers to abate    nuisances that
impact dangerously on the health, safety and morals of    the broader
constituency," Horne said.

     Absolutely not, countered M. Stephen Turner, an attorney    representing
two Wauchula nursery firms that between them lost more    than 280,000 seedlings
to state burning. His clients, Mid-Florida    Growers Inc. and Himrod & Himrod
Inc., were the first to sue the state.

     "This is a state agency ordered by the highest court in the state    to pay
damages by virtue of the state Constitution," Turner said.    "Why is a state
agency going to the federal government to ask for    relief?

     "My second point is this," he said. "Those plants in those    nurseries
were healthy and valuable. The fact that (agriculture    department officials)
themselves created a panic doesn't change the    fact that this property was
valuable. They had the authority to destroy    them but not the right to destroy
them without compensation. Just    because they misperceived the problem doesn't
give them that right."



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; DOYLE CONNER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for "Voyager
Library Management System"

LENGTH: 321  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service Officer has issued
requirement for "Voyager Library Management System."

Solicitation no.  N001           Posted on:  August 18, 2014

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 519

Description: The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agriculture Research
Service (ARS) on behalf of the National Agriculture Library (NAL), intends to
award a sole source contract to Ex Libris Inc., for maintenance services for the
Voyager library management system software.


The National Agricultural Library is mandated (7 U.S.C. 3101) to serve as the
primary agricultural information resource of the United States. One of its
functions in that role is the acquisition of information in all aspects of
agriculture and allied sciences. In support of this function, the NAL requires
technical and management support services for maintenance and support of the
National Agricultural Library, Voyager Library Management System. Maintenance
and support services are required to fully support the acquisition of books,
journals, audiovisual material, electronic materials, serials check-in, serials
claiming, fund accounting, cataloging, indexing, document delivery, circulation,
reader requests, authority control for names and subjects, file export and file
import capabilities allowing for a single record load or in batch and an online
public access catalog.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Mar 25, 2014 11:00 am Eastern

Contact Details:  5601 Sunnyside Avenue, Building 3, Mailstop: 5116
Beltsville, Maryland 20705
United States

Point of Contact(s): James D. Mills
james.mills@ars.usda.gov
Phone: 3015040901

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=2824e5c12827cb24e4ad9672d7c77ddd&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Journal of Commerce Online

                           December 29, 2003, Monday

Beef industry reels from mad-cow case

BYLINE: BY BILL MONGELLUZZO AND ANDREW BEADLE - THE JOURNAL OF COMMERCE ONLINE

SECTION: TRADE; Pg. WP

LENGTH: 637 words


A ban on imports of beef by nations representing 90 percent of U.S. beef exports
has added to the woes of an industry that is still attempting to recover from a
decline in meat exports since the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s. Last
week the U.S. Department of Agriculture confirmed that a cow in Washington state
was discovered to have bovine spongiform encephalopathy, commonly known as mad
cow disease. Nearly 30 nations have since banned imports of beef from the U.S,
including the top beef-importing nations of Japan, Mexico, South Korea and
Russia,

"Our trade is currently nonexistent," said Gregg Doud, chief economist for the
Cattlemen's Association in Washington.

Japan immediately led the charge to ban the imports.

The Japanese market alone is worth an estimated $1 billion a year. Japan imposed
tight testing regulations on cattle after a 2001 panic undermined the nation's
beef industry. U.S. officials on Monday tried to get Japanese officials to
reconsider the ban, to no avail.

The Cattlemen's Association estimated that it would export a record $3.8 billion
worth of beef in 2003, or about 10 percent of U.S. production. There currently
is an estimated $200 million worth of beef in transit, about 44,000 tons, Doud
said. He could not say what would happen to the beef - most of it shipped live -
if it arrived in nations that have banned the product.

The U.S. Meat Export Federation stated on its Web site that the fate of
approximately 1,800 containers of fresh and frozen meat enroute to international
markets when the bans were announced is uncertain.

Meat exports of all kinds to Asia have been under pressure the past three years.
According to Trade Horizons, a publication of the Journal of Commerce Group,
containerized meat exports totaled 108,632 TEUs in 2000, but dropped to 101,141
TEUs in 2001 and rose slightly to 103,322 TEUs in 2002.

Meat, considered a discretionary consumer item, is affected by world events such
as the Asian financial crisis. Mad cow disease, which can cause death in humans
who consume meat from infected animals, often results in a total ban on beef
imports. A mad cow incident in Canada earlier this year resulted in a ban on
beef imports from that nation.

U.S. meat exporters this year have also dealt with spot shortages of
refrigerated containers and a rate increase by shipping lines that carry frozen
meat exports to Asia.

The reefer trade in the westbound Pacific is heavily unbalanced, with U.S.
exports of refrigerated products outnumbering reefer imports by a ratio of
5-to-1. Rather than ship reefer containers back to the U.S. empty, carriers
earlier this year deployed the equipment in more profitable trade lanes. By
spring, exporters reported a shortage of reefer containers in the U.S.

Also, the 13 shipping lines that are members of the Westbound Transpacific
Stabilization Agreement announced a proposed increase of $800 per 40-foot
container for all-water shipments from all U.S. coasts and $1,000 per-FEU for
intermodal shipments originating in inland locations.

The WTSA, a discussion agreement that issues voluntary guidelines for rate
increases, said the action was needed because freight rates for reefer products
had declined steadily since 2001 because of overcapacity in the westbound
Pacific.

Carriers are believed to have secured some, though not all of the proposed rate
increases in their confidential contract negotiations with exporters last
spring. The increases took effect on July 1.

When the proposed increases were announced, the meat export federation noted
that U.S. exports to Asia compete with meat exports from Australia, New Zealand
and China. Freight rates from Australia to Asia are about 20 percent lower than
from the U.S., the meat federation stated.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Commonwealth Business Media


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     July 21, 1988, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

New demand encourages wheat growers

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  U.S. wheat producers and trade officials are breathing easier after a burst of
activity under the U.S. export subsidy program that suggests a months-long sales
drought may be ending.

''It was a good indication to markets and to farms that the program was going to
continue to be used,'' said Carl Schwensen, executive vice-president of the
National Association of Wheat Growers.

A senior U.S. Agriculture Department official said the department was encouraged
by a July 12 crop report projecting plentiful wheat supplies, but that both the
United States and its customers must adjust to a new market environment marked
by higher prices and drought.

The major event was last week's announcement of an 800,000-metric-ton offer of
wheat to India under the Export Enhancement Program, the largest offer since
May.

Under the program, the U.S. gives government-owned commodities as bonuses to
exporters who conclude sales of U.S. commodities with foreign buyers.

India quickly bid for the wheat, and for 200,000 tons unsold in an earlier
offer.

The India offer came a day after the Agriculture Department projected that the
U.S. would have more than three billion bushels of wheat to sell in 1988-1989,
despite a 13% crop reduction caused by the drought.

''There's no reason to think that there won't be ample supplies of wheat to fill
not only our domestic needs but also our exports,'' said Thomas Kay,
adminstrator of the department's Foreign Agricultural Service.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 26, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

DRUG ROLE SOUGHT FOR FOREST AGENCY

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 24


The Department of Agriculture is pressing for legislation to give agents of the
United States Forest Service wider authority to combat the growing of marijuana
in national forests, a department official said Wednesday.

George S. Dunlop, Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for natural resources and
environment, said officials were pushing for the legislation because of
increasing frustration over the cultivation of marijuana plots in national
forests.

I is estimated that a million acres of the forest system have been effectively
closed to the public because they were taken over by marijuana growers,
according to Mr. Dunlop, who oversees the Forest Service. The forest system
covers 191 million acres.

Mr. Dunlop said the legislation would give agents the authority to make arrests
of suspected marijuana growers and conduct searches and seizures. The agents
would be grouped in special drug enforcement teams and would be permitted to
carry firearms.

In addition, growing marijuana or using dangerous devices in connection with
cultivating the drug on forest land would no longer be a local misdemeanor but a
violation of Federal law punishable by fines and prison terms, according to Mr.
Dunlop.

Under current law, Forest Service agents can combat the drug problem only by
destroying the actual marijuana plants. They have to rely on local
law-enforcement officials to arrest growers.

''Approximately 30 percent of the marijuana grown in the United States now is
grown on national forest lands,'' Mr. Dunlop said. ''And there's been a
fundamental shift in the kind of person growing marijuana. Before, it was mostly
counter-culture people. Now we've got people who are violent criminals who have
taken over large parts of the forests.''

He said the marijuana growers were using booby traps, guns, camouflage and guard
dogs to protect their marijuana crops and in some cases had harmed Forest
Service employees.

The legislation was drafted by the Agriculture Department with Senators Paula
Hawkins, Republican of Florida, and Jesse Helms, Republican of North Carolina,
and was introduced in the Senate two weeks ago. The bill was referred to the
Senate Agriculture Committee.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 26, 1989, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

EC rejects U.S. proposal to discuss farm subsidies

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10, REPORTS FROM THE FINANCIAL TIMES OF LONDON

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: Geneva,Switzerland


  The European Community has rejected a U.S. proposal for further talks on the
reform of world farm trade.

There was no doubt the U.S proposal was aimed at scrapping the entire Common
Agricultural Policy of the EC, the EC Commission said yesterday after the U.S.
proposal was reviewed by a group meeting on farming during Uruguay Round trade
talks.

The U.S. has failed to stick to an understanding reached in April in which
agreement was reached for a formula on substantial cuts in farm supports, the
commission said. The latest U.S. proposal is a step backward from previous
negotiations.

Raymond MacSharry, EC Agriculture Commissioner, expressed ''deep
disappointment'' at the U.S. proposal, saying it ''could not be considered as a
basis for negotiation.''

Frans Andriessen, EC External Relations Commissioner, did not comment but it is
believed that he disagrees with the latest move by the U.S.

The U.S. paper attacks a cornerstone of the EC Common Agricultural Policy - the
levy to raise import prices to match prices on farm goods produced domestically.

EC officials say the U.S. still has not shown readiness to alter effectively its
own payment system that lets farmers produce large, cheap surpluses that U.S.
commodity traders can sell globally at reduced prices.

Commission officials in Brussels called the U.S. proposal ''a step backwards,''
saying that at the April review of the Uruguay Round in Geneva, member nations
agreed to reduce progressively - but not eliminate - farm subsidies.

Some officials in Brussels privately noted the strength of the farm lobby in the
U.S. Congress and suggested that the government is sticking to its extreme
stance deliberately as a threat to current talks.

Officials also said the U.S. has recently been stepping up subsidized wheat
sales on world markets, notably in China and North Africa.

Some officials remained optimistic, calling the U.S. stand a continuation of
tough tactics employed in negotiations so far.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 31, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NEW ALARM AS AFRICAN BEES HEAD THROUGH MEXICO

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section C; Page 4, Column 5; Science Desk

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 30


Africanized honeybees, feared for their tendency to sting with little
provocation, are in Mexico and headed north, and that could mean trouble for
United States agriculture, a bee specialist says.

''The impact they'll have on agriculture in North America is unknown,'' says
Robert Page, an assistant professor of entomology at Ohio State University.
''But if the bees act as they do in Central and South America, it could affect
United States agriculture significantly.''

The bees' defensiveness makes them difficult to manage and use in structured
pollination programs, he said. In addition, their tendency to swarm and sting
causes public health concerns.

At least 350 people in Central and South America have died from stings,
according to Jim Tew, director of the International Beekeeping Program at Ohio
State University's Agricultural Technical Institute.

Mr. Page was among bee specialists at the International Conference on
Africanized Honeybees and Bee Mites, which is under way at Ohio State
University.

The Africanized bees could be in the United States by next year, he said.

African bees were introduced to Brazil in 1956 by a geneticist, Warwick Kerr.
European races of honeybees, which were used for commercial beekeeping, were
poorly adapted for the tropics. African races were well-adapted but had
objectionable characteristics, such as a tendency to sting. Mr. Kerr hoped to
cross the bees and select the best qualities of each.

However, some African bees mated uncontrolled and several colonies escaped from
the experimental hives. Mr. Page said the bees have expanded to southern Mexico
and far into Argentina.

The United States Department of Agriculture reports that in Venezuela, where
Africanized bees arrived in 1975, commercial honey production dropped from 535
metric tons in 1976 to 78 metric tons in 1981.

Unlike the situation in Latin America, commercial beekeeping enterprises in the
United States transport large numbers of bees thousands of miles.

Bees are moved to fields for pollination, often beginning in the South and
moving north as the growing season begins. Mr. Page said United States crops
served by bee pollination are valued at $20 billion a year.

Some crops, such as alfalfa and almonds, require bee pollination for high
yields. Honeybee pollination produces alfalfa seed crops triple that of other
pollination methods, Mr. Page said. Almond production is almost nonexistent
without bee pollination, he said.

Glen Needham, associate professor of entomology at Ohio State, said there is no
agreement among bee specialists on the potential impact of Africanized bees on
public health, commercial beekeeping and the ecosystem.

Scientists do not know whether Africanized bees reproduce independently or
interbreed with American bees, which are of European descent, or even how severe
the problem will be in the United States.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Gazeta Mercantil (Brazil)

                           December 18, 2008 Thursday

New US Agriculture Secretary could mean conflicts;
Vilsack as US Agriculture Secretary could mean conflicts

BYLINE: Roberto Tenório, Fabiana Batista

LENGTH: 287 words


SÃO PAULO - The announcement of Tom Vilsack, 58, a Democrat and former governor
of Iowa, for the position of Secretary of Agriculture in the United States,
surprised market expectations and reinforced the trend of support for
agricultural subsidies by the new American government. Vilsack is known for his
favorable position on agricultural incentives, including for the production of
biofuels. An enthusiast for renewal fuels, he should look for less dependency of
the country on petroleum, which should favor Brazil in the long run, according
to specialists. The new Ag secretary also backs the reduction of import barriers
against Brazilian ethanol as one resolution of the issue. However, the Energy
secretary, obviously more influential on these questions than his Agriculture
counterpart, does not back corn-based ethanol, arguing that it threatens food
security, which could lead to divergences in the future.

'In the short term, the defense of local farmers with the subsidies will
complicate the entry of Brazilian ethanol. But in the long term, Vilsack's
posture will be strategic for our product as a way of undercutting petroleum,'
calculated Roberto Rodrigues, former minister of Agriculture in Brazil. However,
he also recalled that Vilsack came up in Iowa, the biggest corn producing state
in the United States, which absorbs a big volume of subsidies. 'Without
incentives, they cannot be competitive. But the new secretary is also
preoccupied with the environmental issue and global warming. As a result, there
is room to grow, and I view this as favorable, since I know that he will work
for this issue to gain projection,' said Rodrigues. © 2008 NoticiasFinancieras -
Gazeta Mercantil - All rights reserved

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2008 NoticiasFinancieras/Groupo de Diarios America
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 4, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW JERSEY;
U.S. Loans for Farmers Hurt by '97 Drought

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 96 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


As rain soaked the state for the third straight day yesterday, the United States
Department of Agriculture announced a low-cost loan program for farmers hit by
last summer's drought.

More than 100 farmers on 27,000 acres of farmland could be eligible for loans of
up to $500,000, said Gerard G. Hlubik, the chief of Farm Programs for the New
Jersey Farm Service Agency. Crops like hay, soy beans, corn and potatoes in
Monmouth, Cape May and Cumberland Counties were hardest hit, with some farmers
losing as much as 30 percent of their typical yields, he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   November 5, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. LAUNCHES TRADE WAR 200% tariffs slapped on European imports

BYLINE: CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The United States today fired the first shot in a trade war with Europe.

A top trade official announced that Washington had slapped a 200 per cent
tariffs on $ 300 million worth of French wines and other European Community
goods.

U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills said today the tariffs, slapped on EC
wines and farm goods after the two sides failed to settle a dispute over
European oilseed subsidies, will not go into effect until Dec 5.

Hills also released a list of an additional $ 1.7 billion U.S. in EC industrial
products that may be targets for punitive tariffs if the dispute is not settled.

European officials have countered that if the tariffs go into effect, they will
retaliate by boosting tariffs on American goods, escalating a nasty trade
dispute that has gone on for six years.

In Paris, French officials said the United States would bear the consequences of
its actions.

"If the United States decides on sanctions, it must do so without international
approval," France's agriculture minister Jean-Pierre Soisson told the National
Assembly.

Soisson said chances for a settlement of the trade dispute will improve when
U.S. President-elect Bill Clinton's administration takes over.

European Community trade chief Frans Andriessen also has pledged to respond with
retaliatory tariffs against U.S. products.

President George Bush was asked about the possibility of a trade war when he
spoke briefly with reporters at a cabinet meeting today.

"No, we're not going to engage in a trade war," he said. "We've got some tough
fighters on our side, but no trade war."

He said his objective was "just looking after the interests of world trade."

Today's U.S. action followed an unsuccessful effort in Chicago earlier this week
to resolve the dispute between U.S. Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan and Ray
MacSharry, agriculture commissioner for the European Community.

The United States has been pushing the 12-nation European Community since 1986
to reduce its production subsidies for soybeans, rapeseed and sunflower seed.

U.S. officials complain that the European subsidies cost American farmers $ 1
billion a year in lost sales and violate world trade rules administered by the
Geneva-based GATT.

In Geneva yesterday, the United States asked the decision- making council of the
General Agreement of Tariffs and Trade to allow $ 1 billion U.S. worth of
tariffs on French wine and other European Community agricultural goods.

But EC representatives on the trade bloc, which acts only by consensus, turned
back the U.S. request.

In addition to oilseeds, the United States and the EC arefighting over Europe's
entire farm subsidy program.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 23, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Corn, Wheat Sold by U.S.

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 22


The Soviet Union and China have bought more grain from the United States,
including wheat sold to Beijing at subsidized prices, the Agriculture Department
said today.

Moscow's order was for an additional one million metric tons of corn for
delivery under a recently extended supply agreement between the two countries,
the department announced. China bought 400,000 tons of wheat under the subsidy
program.

The latest sales by private exporting companies brought total corn sold to the
Soviets to more than eight million tons in the agreement's sixth year, which
began Oct. 1. Corn sales to the Soviet Union totaled slightly less than 5.2
million tons last year.

A metric ton is about 2,205 pounds and is equal to 39.4 bushels of corn or 36.7
bushels of wheat or soybeans.

Corn prices have been averaging about $2.61 a bushel at the farm level, the
Agriculture Department estimated, meaning that the latest sale could have a farm
value of $103 million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 1, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

PRICES PAID FARMERS DOWN 1.4%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 50, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 30


Prices that farmers get for their raw products fell 1.4 percent in September
after posting a significant gain in August, the Agriculture Department said
today. But they remained seven-tenths of 1 percent higher than a year ago.

The decline was the third in the last four months, but the August increase of
6.1 percent was the highest monthly rise in more than three years. Until June,
there had been five consecutive months of rising farm prices.

The indicator is frequently erratic, reacting to weather, economic trends and
the crop situation in general. The drop in September was caused mainly by
falling prices for cattle and hogs as ranchers continued to sell off herds.
Drought has pushed up grain prices, increasing the cost of maintaining the
animals. The Agriculture Department's Crop Reporting Board said that lower
prices for oranges and potatoes also contributed to the September downturn.

Lettuce and Apples Up

Partly offsetting those lower prices were higher prices for soybeans, lettuce
and apples. The preliminary September price for soybeans, a crop severely
affected by the drought, was $8.46 a bushel, the highest since May 1977, when
the price reached $9.24.

The economic situation in the livestock sector was reflected in the prices
farmers must pay to meet their expenses. Those prices rose six-tenths of 1
percent through September, primarily on the strength of higher feed costs. Lower
prices for feeder cattle and pigs, a result of increased marketing, were not
enough to offset that.

Over all, farm expenses were 2.5 percent higher than in September 1982, the
board said.

Farm prices in September averaged 137 percent of a 1977 base-price average used
for comparison, according to the preliminary figures. The revised index for
August was 139 percent.

The September parity ratio fell to 56 percent, a point below the August level.
Last winter, the indicator sagged to 54 percent, the lowest since April 1933,
one of the worst years of the Depression, when it also averaged 54 percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Utah: U.S. Trade Representative Froman, Secretary of Agriculture Vilsack
Announce Continued EU Market Access for American Producers of High-Quality Beef

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

United States Trade Representative Michael Froman and Secretary of Agriculture
Tom Vilsack announced that the European Union (EU) will continue to provide U.S.
beef producers with significant access, at zero duty, to the EU market for
high-quality beef produced from non-hormone-treated cattle. The United States
and the European Union are planning to extend for two years Phase 2 of the
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed in 2009 in connection with the United
States' long-running dispute with the European Union over its ban on beef from
cattle treated with certain growth-promoting hormones.

In the year since Phase 2 began, U.S. beef shipments under the quota were an
estimated $200 million, up 300 percent from the value of exports in the year
before the MOU entered into force. Under the extension, the EU would maintain
until August 2, 2015 its duty-free tariff rate quota for high-quality beef,
established pursuant to the MOU between the United States of America and the
European Commission Regarding the Importation of Beef from Animals not Treated
with Certain Growth Promoting Hormones, at the Phase 2 quantity of 45,000 metric
tons per year.

"I am very pleased that American ranchers and meat processors will be allowed to
ship substantial quantities of high-quality U.S. beef into a market worth
millions of dollars to their bottom lines," said Ambassador Froman. "Before the
memorandum of understanding was signed, the EU's beef market had been largely
closed for far too long. The substantial market access that we have achieved
since 2009 shows what we can accomplish with practical, problem-solving
approaches to trade barriers."

"Since 2009, this agreement has greatly expanded opportunities for U.S. beef
producers to export high-quality products to the European Union," said Vilsack.
"By working together with our EU partners to extend this agreement, we have
maintained access to a key market for beef products, and set the stage for
further progress. USTR and USDA will continue working closely with our trading
partners around the world, including the EU, to further expand trade access for
U.S. agricultural products."

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Olson highlights US support to small farmers in Pakistan

LENGTH: 403  words


US Ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the United States government's long-term
support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields,
protecting food sources from disease, and boosting milk production will increase
farmers' incomes, improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's
prosperity."

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC), which was
established with the help of the U.S. government in the 1980s, Ambassador Olson
said, "The United States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan
through projects that enhance agricultural productivity." The Ambassador lauded
the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project (WPEP), a United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed in collaboration with
national and provincial research partners that has successfully introduced the
UG 99-resistant wheat variety, "NARC 2011."

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community. "Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical," said Ambassador Olson. "The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to
continue your work together."

Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and
Wheat Improvement Centre, noted that without disease-resistant varieties of
wheat, such as the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimate that Pakistan's
annual wheat harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99
arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said. Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million
tons of wheat on eight million hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4
percent of the GDP.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 20, 1984 Tuesday

U.S., Soviets discuss   grain in Washington

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Reuter News Agency
    WASHINGTON  - U.S. and Soviet officials are meeting in Washington to
 talk about one of the more congenial issues involving the superpowers -
 grain.

Political analysts have pointed to a normalization in grain trade as a
 bright spot in mostly chilly relations between the two countries in recent
 years.

The consultations, called for twice yearly under a five-year grain
 agreement, were previously held in Moscow in May.

The two-day meeting is the first in Washington since 1979. Next week,
 Soviet Agriculture Minister Valentin Mesyats is to visit the United States
 for an unprecedented two- week tour of U.S. agriculture.
    'If it does not mean a warming, it certainly cannot mean a
 deterioration in relations,' one Administration official said.

The Soviet Union, facing its sixth consecutive poor harvest, has been
 purchasing U.S. grain heavily since summer. Purchases already total nearly
 12 million tonnes for fiscal 1985, which began Oct. 1, compared with 14.5
 million in all of fiscal 1984.

The consulations are usually used as an opportunity for the United
 States to offer the Soviet Union more grain.

Under the terms of the current agreement, Moscow can buy up to 12
 million tonnes a year without consulting the U.S. Government.

This year, U.S. President Ronald Reagan offered the Russians 10 million
 additional tonnes before the election. This shifts the focus of current
 talks from quantity to quality, Administration officials said.

While continuing to buy large quantities of U.S. wheat, Soviet
 officials have increased complaints about levels of insect infestation in
 U.S. cargoes in recent months, said Kenneth Gilles, administrator of the
 Agriculture Department's Federal Grain Inspection Service.

U.S. officials said they hope to get a view of Soviet long-term grain
 production and import plans.
    'It will be the first good opportunity for a full exchange of views
 since 1979,' an Agriculture Department official said.

In January, 1980, former president Jimmy Carter embargoed grain
 shipments to the Soviet Union after Soviet troops entered Afghanistan. Mr.
 Reagan lifted the embargo in 1981 and the current grain pact was signed in
 1983.

Moscow is expected to import a record 50 million tonnes of grain this
 year, of which 17 to 18 million may come from the United States.

This would be a sharp rebound from the 6.2 million tonnes of U.S. grain
 the Soviets bought two years ago and would return Moscow to the position
 of a major buyer.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 16, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Wheat Prices Fall Slightly As Export Prospects Dim

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 15; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 406 words


Wheat futures prices fell moderately yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade
amid dimming export prospects and perceptions that the winter wheat crop is off
to a good start.

Other grain futures ended narrowly mixed; soybeans edged lower.

On other commodity markets, livestock, meat and energy futures were mixed.

Wheat for December delivery fell 3 1/4 cents to settle at $3.71 a bushel;
December corn rose 1/2 cent, to $2.13 1/4 a bushel; December oats ended
unchanged at $1.46 3/4 a bushel; January soybeans fell 3/4 cent, to $5.70 3/4 a
bushel.

The chances for substantial new export sales of wheat before the year ends
continued to fade yesterday when Russia fell further behind in payments on
United States-guaranteed bank loans.

The Agriculture Department said Russia defaulted on $10.9 million in loans
overnight, bringing the amount it is now in arrears for grain purchased from the
United States to $40 million.

Because it has payments in default, Russia, the biggest foreign buyer of
American wheat, cannot tap a line of credit guarantees totaling $386 million to
buy wheat.

On the supply side, Joel Karlin, grains analyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers
Inc. in Chicago, said a Jan. 12 United States Department of Agriculture report
would likely show that United States farmers planted about 5 percent more
acreage of winter wheat this fall than last.

Cattle futures staged a modest retreat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange as
profit taking ended a six-day rally tied to stormy weather in the southern
plains. The cold, rain and snow make it difficult for cattle to gain weight.

Live cattle for December delivery fell 0.08 cent, to 79.22 cents a pound;
January feeder cattle fell 0.25 cent, to 85.62 cents a pound; December live hogs
ended 0.25 cent lower at 44.47 cents a pound; February frozen pork bellies rose
0.15 cent, to 38.72 cents a pound.

Crude oil futures prices fell on the New York Mercantile Exchange ahead of a
weekly industry report that showed an unexpectedly large rise in United States
crude stocks last week of 4.6 million barrels. The American Petroleum Institute
report could prompt selling of oil futures today.

Light sweet crude for January delivery fell 14 cents, to $18.95 a barrel;
January heating oil fell 0.40 cent, to 53.78 cents a gallon; January unleaded
gasoline rose 0.03 cent, to 52.33 cents a gallon; January natural gas rose 6.7
cents, to $2.097 for 1,000 cubic feet.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

Johnny Depp's dogs flee Australia after officials threaten to euthanize them

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 511 words


SYDNEY, Australia * Facing the threat of imminent death, Johnny Depp's dogs
Pistol and Boo fled Australia for the United States on Friday after Australia's
agriculture minister angrily accused the Hollywood actor of sneaking the pups
into the country.

A Department of Agriculture officer escorted the Yorkshire terriers from Depp's
home - where they had been temporarily quarantined - to the airport on Friday
evening, Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce said in a statement. The tiny
outlaws promptly boarded a flight to California, just hours before a
government-imposed deadline that the dogs leave Australia or be euthanized.

The hastily-arranged departure came after Joyce accused Depp of smuggling the
dogs aboard his private jet when he returned to Australia on April 21 to resume
filming of the 5th instalment in the Pirates of the Caribbean movie series at
Gold Coast Studios.

Australia has strict quarantine regulations to prevent diseases such as rabies
spreading to its shores. Bringing pets into the country involves applying for a
permit and a quarantine on arrival of at least 10 days.

The Agriculture Department told Depp and his wife Amber Heard on Wednesday that
they had to send Pistol and Boo back to the United States within 72 hours or the
animals would be euthanized.

"If you start letting movie stars - even though they've been the sexiest man
alive twice - to come into our nation (with pets), then why don't we just break
laws for everybody?" Joyce said. "It's time that Pistol and Boo buggered off
back to the United States."

The doggie drama prompted a petition to save the pooches and the social media
hashtag .WarOnTerrier. Joyce received both commendation and criticism, with some
praising him for defending Australia's laws and others cringing over a perceived
crass response.

A spokeswoman for the Agriculture Department who spoke on customary condition of
anonymity said Depp's case is a rarity, with only an average of one dog per year
arriving in Australia without the proper permit. The choice given to Depp is in
line with policy: either returning the animal to its home country, or having it
euthanized.

Other animals have proved problematic in the past.

"We've had other dignitaries who've brought in, for instance, bullfrogs...to
eat. We had to euthanize them," Joyce told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.

During an interview, radio shock jock Kyle Sandilands said the minister had
invited the wrath of all dog lovers and had made Australians sound like "a bunch
of hillbilly redneck losers." Joyce, undeterred, responded that the law was the
law. Sandilands then unleashed a torrent of insults at Joyce - calling him a
clown and a disgrace - before the minister retorted: "You're a savage little
man, aren't you?" The interview promptly ended.

The department learned of the dogs after they were taken to a dog groomer, Joyce
said. How the pets entered through Brisbane Airport without an import permit is
being investigated.

Depp's publicist has not responded to requests for comment. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015
Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Concord Times (Freetown)

                                 July 15, 2013

'Food Production Has Improved'-Agriculture Minister

BYLINE: Memunatu Bangura

LENGTH: 327 words


Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Food Security has said that Sierra Leone
has improved in the production of rice, cassava and other products and that the
importation of foodstuffs has reduced as compared to 2007.

Dr. Sam Sesay saidrice production has increased by 35%, cassava by 34%, sweet
potato by 34%, palm oil more than double, cocoa and coffee grown by more than
one-half above the status in 2007, adding that the real agricultural growth rate
has also increased from an inherited percentage of 4.17% to 5.31 %.

According to the Agriculture Minister, the total importation of rice and other
foodstuffs into the country has reduced to more than half of its former
percentage and has resulted to a drop from thirty-two million United States
dollars (US$32m) to fifteen million United States dollars (US$15m).

He said that he had visited a rubber company in China that is involved in rubber
production and marketing globally to discuss with the officials to come and
invest in Sierra Leone, and that he succeeded in convincing the company to send
a team to Sierra Leone in 2012.

The minister disclosed that they have signed a joint venture of US$1.3 billion
for the rubber plantation project with the Chinese government,which has already
provided some five hundred million United States dollars (US$500m). The company,
he said, will soon be in the country to start work.

"The Chinese government will help us to regain our past glory," Dr. Sesay said.
"Sierra Leone has a record of rubber plantations and the first plantation was
established in 1964.There are two rubber plantations in Pujehun and three in
Kenema district, but the country has not benefited from them due to the war."

Dr. Sesay disclosed that he received a letter on June 12 from the Africa Union
Commissioner for Rural Economy and Agriculture stating that a team of
journalists will soon visit Sierra Leone to study the factors responsible for
the successes in the agriculturesector in the country.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                         September 25, 1991, Wednesday

TAIWAN AUTHORITIES CLEAR CALIF. GRAPES OF PESTICIDE TAINT

BYLINE: CHRIS BROWN; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: TAIPEI, Taiwan


Authorities have cleared California grapes for entry into Taiwan, defusing a
potential trade row with the United States.

The imports were temporarily halted when the local unit of Greenpeace, an
environmental pressure group, declared Friday it had found traces of two
angerous pesticides in 12 of 29 samples it tested in California.

The Department of Health said Tuesday it could find no traces of the pesticides
in random checks over the weekend. Taiwan's Bureau of Commodity Inspection and
Quarantine announced the same results after its own tests.

The Greenpeace claim prompted Taiwan importers to put on hold an estimated 100
containers of California grapes worth about US$ 4.5 million.

Importers say the clean bill of health will help assuage any concern among
consumers, though they admit the charges have hurt. Newspaper reports estimate
prices for imported grapes dropped 15 percent to 20 percent as a result of the
claim.

A similar move in the United States in 1989 temporarily halted U.S. imports of
grapes from Chile after the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that it had
found traces of cyanide in two grapes from Chile.

USDA ordered the fruit held in ports and urged stores to remove the fruit from
their shelves while it conducted a series of special inspections to determine
whether any more fruit was contaminated.

No other fruit was found to be tainted, but millions of dollars worth of fruit
had to be dumped because it had gone bad while it was withheld from the market
during the inspections.

The United States has been trying to increase fruit exports to Taiwan for the
last year, an effort that has generated some friction in the marketplace.

Importers of U.S. plums and peaches, for example, have faced protests from local
sellers who are in direct competition. Grape imports also face competition from
Taiwan-grown grapes, which are among the more expensive fruits sold locally.

In the first six months this year, Taiwan imported 762 metric tons of California
grapes, down 20 percent from the same period in 1990.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 8, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TECHNICAL AID FOR WORLD'S FARMERS

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: ROME


Millicent Fenwick, the American representative at the four United Nations
agencies based in Rome, likes to give a small example of how aid to the poor can
be effective.

In Bangladesh, Mrs. Fenwick said in an interview, a group of 20 poor women were
given a loan of $170 by the International Fund for Agricultural Development. The
women used the money to buy cows to start a small dairy business and put
themselves on the road to modest economic well-being.

''I think that IFAD, bar none, is one of the most hopeful agencies that we
have,'' Mrs. Fenwick, a former New Jersey member of Congress, said. ''What does
IFAD do? It is not handouts to alleviate suffering, it is attention paid to the
poor and the landless.''

But in the fund's offices these days, there is a mood of considerable concern.
The chief worry comes from a growing reluctance on the part of several member
governments, pressed with budgetary problems of their own, to make substantial
contributions. The United States, for example, has already failed to authorize
$40 million of a $180 million pledge made during a conference in 1980 because,
according to American officials, Congressional criticism of the fund made it
unlikely that the money would be approved.

End of U.S. Support Feared

Earlier this year there were worries at the fund over reports that the United
States was considering ending its contributions.

At a conference in February to plan for another replenishment of money for the
organization, the Amerian delegation agreed that about $1 billion more was
needed for the next three years. But a dispute has arisen between Western
contributors and the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries over how much each group should contribute. American officials have
said privately that if the OPEC countries refused to increase their share,
United States participation could indeed be terminated.

''The situation is very serious,'' Abdelmuhsin al-Sudeary of Saudi Arabia, the
president of the fund, said in an interview here before the replenishment
meeting. ''We reduced our lending this year, and if the replenishment is not
finalized in the next few months, then we will not be able to have lending
operations next year.''

Technical Assistance Provided

The four United Nations-related agencies based in Rome together spend some $2.3
billion a year in projects relating to agriculture. The parent agency is the
Food and Agriculture Organization, which collects information about farming from
its 152 member nations and gives technical assistance, mostly to developing
countries.

The United States has over the years had its quarrels with what might be called
the agricultural aid empire in Rome, particularly with the F.A.O.

Unlike a number of other agencies in the United Nations system, the F.A.O. has
rarely allowed politics to interfere in its work, Western diplomats and
officials say. In part, perhaps, this is because most of the Eastern European
countries and the Soviet Union, which are unwilling to provide the information
on their agricultural systems required by the organization, are not members.

Still, the United States has complained that the F.A.O. has failed to control
its budget, has allowed its bureaucracy to become too large and has not provided
enough information about how its money is being spent. In 1981 the United States
and several other Western countries voted against approving the organization's
budget.

Improvement Reported

Since then the situation seems to have improved, American officials say. The
F.A.O.'s budget increase was held this year to less than 2 percent.
Investigators from the State Department's Agency for International Development
went to the organization to examine its programs and, American officials say,
dissatisfaction diminished when more information was supplied about what the
agency was doing.

It is clear, however, that the Reagan Administration is looking closely at the
agricultural parts of the United Nations system and this has caused jitters
within the Rome-based agencies. Some officials here believe the issue is not
simply one of spending money, but of a philosophy of foreign aid as well. The
belief is that the Administration, squeezed in its foreign aid programs by the
huge Federal deficit, favors direct aid programs on the ground that they have
greater political benefit.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of U.N. official conferring on planting techniques

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CBP Atlanta Intercepts Federal Noxious Weed Seeds

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Agriculture Specialists working at
Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport  (ATL) intercepted seeds of a
parasitic Federal Noxious Weed described as potentially harmful to our nation's
agricultural and horticultural crop industries.A traveler arrived at ATL from
Egypt on September 20.  CBP Agriculture Detector K9 "Joey" alerted to the
person's luggage and Joey's handler referred the traveler for a secondary
examination. Agriculture detector dogs detect regulated agricultural products in
traveler's luggage. During the secondary examination, CBP agriculture
specialists discovered radish and jute seeds along with a grape vine and guava
tree intended for planting in a garden.  They also found several contaminant
seeds mixed in with the radish and jute seeds.  CBP submitted these contaminant
seeds to U.S. Department of Agriculture identifiers, who determined the seeds to
be a species of Cuscuta, a parasitic plant that lacks roots and leaves, and
debilitates its host plant to resist viral diseases.





 "Our best defense against destructive, invasive plants and pests is to prevent
their entry into the United States," said Carey Davis, CBP Port Director for
Port of Atlanta. "The cost to American taxpayers to eradicate a pest, plant or
disease once it becomes established in the U.S. can reach into the tens of
millions of dollars or more."



 Cuscuta seeds are very small (typically, 1-2 mm long) and can be difficult to
detect.  Cuscuta plants obtain water and nutrients by attaching to a host plant,
causing a reduction in crop yields and possible plant death.  Cuscuta is
especially destructive to commercially valuable crops, such as flax, alfalfa,
beans, and potatoes.



 Since the traveler did not have an agriculture permit to import items for
planting, CBP seized the seeds and plants to prevent the possible introduction
of weeds, plant pests, or diseases.



 Importers and travelers can check for restrictions on agricultural products by
visiting prohibited items.



 CBP agriculture specialists have extensive training and experience in the
biological sciences, risk analysis, and imported agriculture inspection
techniques.  CBP agriculture specialists are the first line of defense in the
protection of U.S. agriculture, forest, and livestock industries from exotic
destructive plant pests and animal diseases.



 On a typical day nationally, CBP agriculture specialists inspect over one
million people as well as cargo arriving by air and sea to the United States.
They also intercept approximately 4,548 prohibited meat, plant materials, or
animal products, and discover more than 470 agriculture pests and diseases that
could have detrimental effects to our nation's agriculture resources, food
production, and animal and human health.



 To read more about the CBP agriculture mission click CBP Agriculture.



 CBP routinely conducts inspection operations on arriving and departing
international flights and intercepts narcotics, weapons, unreported currency,
prohibited agriculture products, and other illicit items.



 To read more about CBP does on an average day, click on CBP Snapshot.  Visit
www.cbp.gov for more information on the nation's border security and enforcement
agency.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CBP Atlanta Intercepts Federal Noxious Weed Seeds

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Agriculture Specialists working at
Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport  (ATL) intercepted seeds of a
parasitic Federal Noxious Weed described as potentially harmful to our nation's
agricultural and horticultural crop industries.A traveler arrived at ATL from
Egypt on September 20.  CBP Agriculture Detector K9 "Joey" alerted to the
person's luggage and Joey's handler referred the traveler for a secondary
examination. Agriculture detector dogs detect regulated agricultural products in
traveler's luggage. During the secondary examination, CBP agriculture
specialists discovered radish and jute seeds along with a grape vine and guava
tree intended for planting in a garden.  They also found several contaminant
seeds mixed in with the radish and jute seeds.  CBP submitted these contaminant
seeds to U.S. Department of Agriculture identifiers, who determined the seeds to
be a species of Cuscuta, a parasitic plant that lacks roots and leaves, and
debilitates its host plant to resist viral diseases.





 "Our best defense against destructive, invasive plants and pests is to prevent
their entry into the United States," said Carey Davis, CBP Port Director for
Port of Atlanta. "The cost to American taxpayers to eradicate a pest, plant or
disease once it becomes established in the U.S. can reach into the tens of
millions of dollars or more."



 Cuscuta seeds are very small (typically, 1-2 mm long) and can be difficult to
detect.  Cuscuta plants obtain water and nutrients by attaching to a host plant,
causing a reduction in crop yields and possible plant death.  Cuscuta is
especially destructive to commercially valuable crops, such as flax, alfalfa,
beans, and potatoes.



 Since the traveler did not have an agriculture permit to import items for
planting, CBP seized the seeds and plants to prevent the possible introduction
of weeds, plant pests, or diseases.



 Importers and travelers can check for restrictions on agricultural products by
visiting prohibited items.



 CBP agriculture specialists have extensive training and experience in the
biological sciences, risk analysis, and imported agriculture inspection
techniques.  CBP agriculture specialists are the first line of defense in the
protection of U.S. agriculture, forest, and livestock industries from exotic
destructive plant pests and animal diseases.



 On a typical day nationally, CBP agriculture specialists inspect over one
million people as well as cargo arriving by air and sea to the United States.
They also intercept approximately 4,548 prohibited meat, plant materials, or
animal products, and discover more than 470 agriculture pests and diseases that
could have detrimental effects to our nation's agriculture resources, food
production, and animal and human health.



 To read more about the CBP agriculture mission click CBP Agriculture.



 CBP routinely conducts inspection operations on arriving and departing
international flights and intercepts narcotics, weapons, unreported currency,
prohibited agriculture products, and other illicit items.



 To read more about CBP does on an average day, click on CBP Snapshot.  Visit
www.cbp.gov for more information on the nation's border security and enforcement
agency.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CBP Atlanta Intercepts Federal Noxious Weed Seeds

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Agriculture Specialists working at
Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport  (ATL) intercepted seeds of a
parasitic Federal Noxious Weed described as potentially harmful to our nation's
agricultural and horticultural crop industries.A traveler arrived at ATL from
Egypt on September 20.  CBP Agriculture Detector K9 "Joey" alerted to the
person's luggage and Joey's handler referred the traveler for a secondary
examination. Agriculture detector dogs detect regulated agricultural products in
traveler's luggage. During the secondary examination, CBP agriculture
specialists discovered radish and jute seeds along with a grape vine and guava
tree intended for planting in a garden.  They also found several contaminant
seeds mixed in with the radish and jute seeds.  CBP submitted these contaminant
seeds to U.S. Department of Agriculture identifiers, who determined the seeds to
be a species of Cuscuta, a parasitic plant that lacks roots and leaves, and
debilitates its host plant to resist viral diseases.





 "Our best defense against destructive, invasive plants and pests is to prevent
their entry into the United States," said Carey Davis, CBP Port Director for
Port of Atlanta. "The cost to American taxpayers to eradicate a pest, plant or
disease once it becomes established in the U.S. can reach into the tens of
millions of dollars or more."



 Cuscuta seeds are very small (typically, 1-2 mm long) and can be difficult to
detect.  Cuscuta plants obtain water and nutrients by attaching to a host plant,
causing a reduction in crop yields and possible plant death.  Cuscuta is
especially destructive to commercially valuable crops, such as flax, alfalfa,
beans, and potatoes.



 Since the traveler did not have an agriculture permit to import items for
planting, CBP seized the seeds and plants to prevent the possible introduction
of weeds, plant pests, or diseases.



 Importers and travelers can check for restrictions on agricultural products by
visiting prohibited items.



 CBP agriculture specialists have extensive training and experience in the
biological sciences, risk analysis, and imported agriculture inspection
techniques.  CBP agriculture specialists are the first line of defense in the
protection of U.S. agriculture, forest, and livestock industries from exotic
destructive plant pests and animal diseases.



 On a typical day nationally, CBP agriculture specialists inspect over one
million people as well as cargo arriving by air and sea to the United States.
They also intercept approximately 4,548 prohibited meat, plant materials, or
animal products, and discover more than 470 agriculture pests and diseases that
could have detrimental effects to our nation's agriculture resources, food
production, and animal and human health.



 To read more about the CBP agriculture mission click CBP Agriculture.



 CBP routinely conducts inspection operations on arriving and departing
international flights and intercepts narcotics, weapons, unreported currency,
prohibited agriculture products, and other illicit items.



 To read more about CBP does on an average day, click on CBP Snapshot.  Visit
www.cbp.gov for more information on the nation's border security and enforcement
agency.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CBP Atlanta Intercepts Federal Noxious Weed Seeds

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Agriculture Specialists working at
Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport  (ATL) intercepted seeds of a
parasitic Federal Noxious Weed described as potentially harmful to our nation's
agricultural and horticultural crop industries.A traveler arrived at ATL from
Egypt on September 20.  CBP Agriculture Detector K9 "Joey" alerted to the
person's luggage and Joey's handler referred the traveler for a secondary
examination. Agriculture detector dogs detect regulated agricultural products in
traveler's luggage. During the secondary examination, CBP agriculture
specialists discovered radish and jute seeds along with a grape vine and guava
tree intended for planting in a garden.  They also found several contaminant
seeds mixed in with the radish and jute seeds.  CBP submitted these contaminant
seeds to U.S. Department of Agriculture identifiers, who determined the seeds to
be a species of Cuscuta, a parasitic plant that lacks roots and leaves, and
debilitates its host plant to resist viral diseases.





 "Our best defense against destructive, invasive plants and pests is to prevent
their entry into the United States," said Carey Davis, CBP Port Director for
Port of Atlanta. "The cost to American taxpayers to eradicate a pest, plant or
disease once it becomes established in the U.S. can reach into the tens of
millions of dollars or more."



 Cuscuta seeds are very small (typically, 1-2 mm long) and can be difficult to
detect.  Cuscuta plants obtain water and nutrients by attaching to a host plant,
causing a reduction in crop yields and possible plant death.  Cuscuta is
especially destructive to commercially valuable crops, such as flax, alfalfa,
beans, and potatoes.



 Since the traveler did not have an agriculture permit to import items for
planting, CBP seized the seeds and plants to prevent the possible introduction
of weeds, plant pests, or diseases.



 Importers and travelers can check for restrictions on agricultural products by
visiting prohibited items.



 CBP agriculture specialists have extensive training and experience in the
biological sciences, risk analysis, and imported agriculture inspection
techniques.  CBP agriculture specialists are the first line of defense in the
protection of U.S. agriculture, forest, and livestock industries from exotic
destructive plant pests and animal diseases.



 On a typical day nationally, CBP agriculture specialists inspect over one
million people as well as cargo arriving by air and sea to the United States.
They also intercept approximately 4,548 prohibited meat, plant materials, or
animal products, and discover more than 470 agriculture pests and diseases that
could have detrimental effects to our nation's agriculture resources, food
production, and animal and human health.



 To read more about the CBP agriculture mission click CBP Agriculture.



 CBP routinely conducts inspection operations on arriving and departing
international flights and intercepts narcotics, weapons, unreported currency,
prohibited agriculture products, and other illicit items.



 To read more about CBP does on an average day, click on CBP Snapshot.  Visit
www.cbp.gov for more information on the nation's border security and enforcement
agency.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 2, 2004 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

W.T.O. Moves to Revive Talks on Farm Subsidies

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 1


With little fanfare, trade ministers and diplomats have revived the global trade
talks that fell apart in Cancun last year, hoping to salvage a framework
agreement by the end of July.

This week, at a World Trade Organization session in Geneva, diplomats will
debate a proposal from developing nations to reduce or eliminate tariffs on
agriculture -- the central issue dividing rich countries and poor countries in
the negotiations.

The goal is to make up for the time lost by the failure of the Cancun talks. If
successful, this week's round of discussions will lead to meetings of trade
ministers and senior diplomats set to take place at the end of July at the
W.T.O. in Geneva.

The so-called Doha round of talks, named for the city in Qatar where the round
was opened in 2001 and dedicated to helping the developing world, has been
revived since the United States and the European Union offered new compromises
on the issue of farm subsidies.

''There are very good atmospherics,'' said Keith Rockwell, spokesman for the
World Trade Organization. ''The longstanding problems of agricultural subsidies
are slowly but surely lurching towards a solution.''

A breakthrough has been slow in coming, building over the last five months.
Encouraged by support from Robert B. Zoellick, the United States trade
representative, Pascal Lamy, the European Union's top trade minister, offered
last month to end Europe's direct agriculture export subsidies despite grumbling
by French farm interests.

But any breakthrough on agriculture must be matched with serious proposals on
industrial tariffs, services and other issues before a framework can be reached.

Farmers in the United States, Europe, Japan and other wealthy nations have
fought against most attempts to cut back the estimated $300 billion in annual
subsidies and supports they receive, giving the world's poorer countries little
reason to open their markets further to products and services from the rich
nations.

In the United States, November's presidential election looms large in part
because the states most dependent on farm subsidies are also those that have
regularly voted Republican in recent elections.

Mr. Zoellick has expressed a willingness, however, to reduce American export
subsidies in line with the European offer if that will get the trade talks going
again.

Adding to the momentum, Brazil has successfully sued the United States at the
W.T.O. over its subsidies for cotton, giving further weight to the arguments in
favor of reducing or eliminating many of the agriculture supports.

Led by Brazil, India and South Africa, a new group of 20 developing countries
has put forward a proposal that would call on all but the poorest nations to
move quickly to reduce protections for their farm sectors. Wealthy nations would
be allowed to maintain higher tariffs for some of their most sensitive products,
as Japan does with rice.

The United States welcomed the proposal but officials said much more needed to
be done.

''It's very general,'' said Richard Mills, a spokesman for Mr. Zoellick. ''What
we need to do is translate general principles into specific formulas for cuts in
tariffs so the Doha development agenda can open agriculture markets.''

There is little time for reaching a compromise.

European officials said they were willing to end their export subsidies as long
as the United States offered similarly tough compromises.

''Frankly,'' Arancha Gonzales, Mr. Lamy's spokeswoman, said, ''we want to buy
reform of the U.S. farm bill with our concessions on export subsidies and lock
in these reforms.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 26, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

A Fight to Save Sheep the U.S. Fears Are Diseased

BYLINE: By CAREY GOLDBERG

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 944 words

DATELINE: EAST WARREN, Vt., July 21


Thirteen-year-old Jackie Faillace turned off the electricity to the low wire
fence, stepped over and began pointing out some of her favorites, as they turned
their golden eyes toward her and asked, "Maaa?"

There was Mrs. Friendly, who likes to be petted, and Buttercup, her baby from
last year. There was Pumpkin and Sweetpea and Olga. And back home somewhere was
Moe, a 2-year-old lamb that Jackie used to bottle feed and who is so beloved
that his admirers made up a special protest sign for him: "Hell, no, don't kill
Moe!"

In fact, the United States Department of Agriculture announced last week that,
because of a potential threat to public health, it planned to kill all of the
Faillaces' sheep and compensate the family. The announcement came after tests on
four sheep from a related flock showed signs of some kind of transmissible
spongiform encephalopathy, the family of fatal disorders that includes mad cow
disease. Further tests lasting two years or more would be required to determine
exactly which disease it was.

In all, the department plans to seize and destroy nearly 400 imported Belgian
sheep from three Vermont flocks, over the objections of Larry and Linda
Faillace, who own 120 of them, and another owner. The owners are challenging the
validity of the test results and asking for independent confirmation, saying the
sheep have been carefully monitored and were never exposed to feed that could
cause mad cow disease.

The slaughter had been expected to begin today, but instead, the Faillaces and
the other objecting owner, Houghton Freeman, came before a judge to have it
stopped, and were promised a day in court before any killing could begin.

At a hearing in Burlington, Judge J. Garvan Murtha, the Federal District Court
chief, asked the owners to bring in two experts to testify on Thursday about the
science of the test results and asked federal officials to invite their own test
expert.

The Faillaces declared themselves more than satisfied.

"I hope no other sheep farmer ever has to go through this," Linda Faillace said.

And the government stood by its scientific guns, saying it was confident its
decision would be upheld. The Department of Agriculture vowed in a statement to
"continue our efforts to protect American agriculture, and ultimately, the
health of the American people."

The fate of the sheep is uncertain; government lawyers pointed out today that
the law leans heavily on the side of giving agencies broad discretion to take
action in an emergency, and any possibility that mad cow disease, which has
killed dozens of people in England, had entered the United States would be an
emergency.

But one thing is clear: rarely does a dispute pit the federal government against
people who seem to so embody the pastoral spirit of Vermont.

The Faillace (pronounced Fal-LAYS) family took up dairy sheep farming
deliberately and rationally; Larry Faillace has a doctorate in animal science,
and the family members chose dairy sheep farming because they saw that the
United States was importing millions of dollars worth of sheep dairy products
each year. They chose the East Friesian breed from Belgium because it gives
about 10 times as much milk as its American counterparts.

On their rented farm in this mountainous countryside near the Sugarbush ski
area, the three Faillace children do the work that inspired the family to name
their cheese brand "Three Shepherds." Francis, 16, handles the pasture
management; Heather, 14, does the milking, and Jackie, 13, makes the cheese --
and fine cheese it is, experts say.

"The New American Cheese," a glossy book published this year by Stewart, Tabori
& Chang, described it as "stunning," and it was recently featured on a Martha
Stewart show.

The family also runs a small grocery store in a 19th-century schoolhouse
building that has lately turned into the hub of pro-Faillace activity. Signs
outside beg "Save Our Sheep!" and early this morning, Francis Faillace could be
seen putting the finishing touches on one that read, "Don't Let Politics Kill
the Sheep."

Jackie Faillace said the family had a phone tree of more than 100 people who are
ready to come to the farm within minutes of hearing that federal agents have
arrived to take or slaughter the sheep.

They include, she said, "older ladies who say they'll bring their shotguns," as
well as some people who have suggested bringing their cars to block off the
roads leading to the farm, and others who want to handcuff themselves to the
sheep. The Faillaces are discouraging violence, but say they are encouraging
people to protest.

Supporters are also keeping a 24-hour watch on the sheep, and friends have taken
the family collie for safekeeping, Jackie said, in case federal authorities
decided that all the animals on the farm, not merely the sheep, must be killed.

The grocery store in the schoolhouse may have wooden floors and a community
garden out back, but it also has computers, and the Faillaces and their
supporters have been using the Internet to get the word out and marshal support.

In particular, they have found an ally in Tom Pringle, a national expert on mad
cow disease, and his www.mad-cow.org Web site, a center for information on the
topic. Mr. Pringle questions the government's tests, including the reputation of
the Staten Island laboratory that performed the most damning one.

But some of the Faillaces' staunchest allies are just folks here in the Mad
River Valley, seeking to defend the family from what they see as government
excess.

Bob Hansen, a neighbor stopping by this morning, said, "This is just like trying
to take Elian Gonzalez all over again."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A neighbor comforted Linda Faillace, left, and her daughters,
Heather, second from right, and Jackie, right, after agriculture officials and
appraisers recently turned up at the Faillace sheep farm. (Reuters)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 26, 1998, Tuesday

US barley growers protest EU subsidies

BYLINE: BY MARK TARALLO

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said he was ""led to believe'' by European
officials there will be no more subsidized shipments of European Union barley
headed to the United States after a 30,000-metric-ton shipment arrived in
California late last week.

That shipment is being protested by U.S. barley producers as an unfair act of
market-distorting subsidized trade that is undercutting U.S. domestic supplies.

Mr. Glickman spoke at a House Agriculture Committee hearing Thursday over
support for the International Monetary Fund and on the Asian economic crisis.

At a World Trade Organization meeting in Geneva earlier last week, U.S.
officials gave a message to the European Union that the United States would look
into taking action if subsidized barley shipments continue, he said.

""I am led to believe there will be no more of these barley shipments,'' Mr.
Glickman said.

On Thursday, a dozen U.S. barley farmers protested in front of the European
Commission office in Washington, demanding that European farm officials recall
the shipment.

Farmers also want the United States to use export subsidies to boost U.S. barley
sales in Europe and other markets where U.S. and EU barley compete.  Although
the National Barley GrowersAssociation has urged U.S. Department of Agriculture
to intervene, Mr. Glickman said he did not have the authority to block the sale.

The shipment subsidy of more than $50 per metric ton, while high, is still legal
under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

        USDA General Sales Manager Christopher Goldthwait later said that USDA
""has a lot of sympathy'' for U.S. barley farmers, and the agency will consider
action to stop future subsidized barley imports from Europe.

These actions could include higher duties on subsidized barley imports from
Europe, he said. Such duties would make it impossible for the EU to undercut
domestic barley prices.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Observes Kick Off of the International Year of Soils

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, Jan. 6, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today
begins its celebration of the International Year of SoilsThis is an external
link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) website. to highlight the importance of healthy soils for food security,
ecosystem functions and resilient farms and ranches.

"Healthy soil is the foundation that ensures working farms and ranches become
more productive, resilient to climate change and better prepared to meet the
challenges of the 21st century," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said during
an event today at USDA headquarters. "We join the world in celebrating this
living and life-giving resource."

With an increasing global population, a shrinking agricultural land base,
climate change and extreme weather events, the nations of the world are focusing
their collective attention to the primary resource essential to food
production-the soil. The United Nation's Food and Agriculture Organization
(FAO), working within the framework of the Global Soil PartnershipThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website., spearheaded the adoption of a resolution by the UN
General Assembly designating 2015 as the International Year of Soils. The year
of awareness aims to increase global understanding of the importance of soil for
food security and essential ecosystem functions.

"Most people don't realize that just beneath our feet lies a diverse, complex,
life-giving ecosystem that sustains our entire existence," said Jason Weller,
chief of USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS). "We are helping
producers unlock the power of soil health as part of an important and very
successful national campaign. Our campaign demonstrates our renewed commitment
to soil conservation and soil health."

NRCS is coordinating activities to mark USDA's involvement in the International
Year of Soils. Nearly 80 years ago, NRCS, formerly the Soil Conservation
Service, was created to improve the health and sustainability of our nation's
soils. The agency's original mission continues to this day - providing
assistance to producers looking to improve the health of the soil on their land.

Conservation that works to improve soil health is one of the best tools NRCS has
to help landowners face these impending challenges - and maintain and improve
their productivity with the use of soil management systems that includes cover
crops, conservation tillage and no-till and crop rotations. These systems reduce
sediment loss from farms and ranches, buffer the effects of drought, flood and
other severe weather; sequester carbon and create biodiversity in our rural
landscape.

"International Year of Soils provides an opportunity for us to learn about the
critical role soil conservation and improved soil health play in the economic
and environmental sustainability of agriculture," Weller said.

Working with the Soil Science Society of AmericaThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. (SSSA) and other partners, NRCS will be showcasing the importance of
soil with monthly themes created by SSSA:

January: Soils Sustain Life

February: Soils Support Urban Life

March: Soils Support Agriculture

April: Soils Clean and Capture Water

May: Soils Support Buildings/Infrastructure

June: Soils Support Recreation

July: Soils Are Living

August: Soils Support Health

September: Soils Protect the Natural Environment

October: Soils and Products We Use

November: Soils and Climate

December: Soils, Culture and People

For more information, visit NRCS's soil health webpage or the International Year
of Soils webpage.


USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 1, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Crop Prices Fell 2.3% In August

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 368 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 31


The prices that farmers received for raw products in August dropped 2.3 percent,
bringing the average price down to the same level it was at a year ago, the
Agriculture Department said today.

The August decline followed a 2.3 percent drop in July, which came after six
consecutive increases in the monthly index of raw-product prices.

Lower prices for cotton, apples, potatoes, corn and soybeans contributed most to
the decline from July to August, the report said. Higher prices for broilers,
cattle and milk helped offset some of the decline for the other commodities,
however.

Higher Livestock Prices

Prices for livestock and livestock products as a group were up seven-tenths of 1
percent from July and averaged 1.4 percent more than a year earlier. Prices for
poultry and eggs were up 4.8 percent from July but down 26 percent from August
1986.

However, the price index for all crops dropped 7.5 percent in August and
averaged 3.9 percent less than a year ago, the report said. Cotton prices led
the decline, averaging 17 percent lower than in July but still 27 percent more
than in August 1986.

The preliminary August figures were based on midmonth averages and will be
subject to revision.

No new figures were reported to show what happened to prices paid by farmers to
meet expenses. The most recent average computed in July showed farm expenses
running 3.1 percent higher than a year earlier. The ''prices paid'' index is
revised only once every three months because of a cutback in funds.

No Parity Index

August commodity prices averaged 125 percent of a 1977 base used for comparison,
according to the preliminary figures, down from 128 percent in July. A year ago,
the August index was also 125 percent.

Because of the elimination of monthly statistics for prices paid by farmers, no
new parity index was issued for August. The quarterly parity ratio was reported
at 58 percent in July. A year ago it was 57 percent.

Under the formula for the parity index, the prices that farmers get for
commodities are compared with the prices they pay to meet expenses. At 100
percent, the indicator would theoretically mean farmers had the same buying
power as they had in 1910-14.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bar chart of index of prices received by farmers; all items, 1977100;
March 1986-August 1987 (Source: Agricultural Dept.)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 9, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Arthur G. Conover, Ex-Economist For U.S. Agriculture Department

SECTION: Section D; Page 23, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 153 words


Arthur G. Conover, a retired economist and tobacco specialist for the United
States Department of Agriculture, died of a heart attack Nov. 29 at Burdette
Tomlin Hospital in Cape May, N.J. He was 68 years old and lived in Stone Harbor,
N.J.

Mr. Conover, who graduated from Rutgers University and received a master's
degree from American University, had been a Federal employee since 1934.

He worked in the Bureau of Agricultural Economics and was head of the
department's tobacco and specialty crops section until his retirement in 1969.
He had also been economic adviser to the Tobacco Industry Advisory Committeee.

During World War II, Mr. Conover served in the Merchant Marine.  He is survived
by his wife, Ruth; two daughters, Carole of New York City and Adele Schultz of
Washington; two brothers; two sisters and a granddaughter.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Strategic Planning to Strengthen Agricultural Trade and Food Safety

LENGTH: 179  words


Project Status : Preparation
Sector : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT
Subsector

: AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT-AGRICULTURAL POLICY
Project Type : Technical Cooperation
Project Subtype : FOOD PRICE CRISIS (ORC)


Year and Category : 2015A
Financial Information :
Estimated IDB Financing :
Financing Type : Nonreimbursable
Fund  : Ordinary Capital
Reporting currency  : USD - United States Dollars
Description : The operation will support the Planning and Policy Unit of the
Ministry of Natural Resources and Agriculture (MNRA) and its statutory body of
Agriculture Health and Food Saftey (BAHA) to strengthen its monitoring and
analytical capacity in order to overcome sector productivity constraints and to
improve trade balance through better strategic planning and adequate
agricultural policy instruments.
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : INTER-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK

Address : 1300 New York Avenue,
N.W. Washington,
D.C. 20577

Country :United States
Url : http://www.iadb.org /

Financier : Inter-American Development Bank (IADB),

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

US-funded WPEP, Pakistani scientists defending Pak wheat from dreaded UG 99
disease

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 260

LENGTH: 487  words


The United States government-funded Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
(WPEP) was working with Pakistani and international scientists to introduce,
evaluate, and release new high-yielding, disease resistant wheat varieties.

This work is following the successful testing and release of a highly productive
variety that survives even the most destructive wheat disease.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's WPEP's highest priority is to introduce
disease resistant wheat varieties to Pakistan. WPEP and Pakistani partners
introduced and tested NARC 2011, a variety resistant to the feared UG 99 wheat
disease.

NARC 2011 not only provides disease protection but also produces higher yields
than existing varieties. UG 99 is already in neighbouring Iran and threatens to
devastate Pakistan's wheat crop if they are left unprotected.

At the two-day WPEP Annual Wheat Planning Meeting held in Islamabad, wheat
researchers from across Pakistan, the International Maize and Wheat Improvement
Center (CIMMYT), International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas
(ICARDA), and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) focused on
reviewing the progress of the past wheat growing season and on developing a plan
for breeding, disease surveillance, and agronomy research in coming years.

The meeting participants agreed that making UG 99 resistant varieties available
to farmers is a critical step in ensuring protection of wheat, Pakistan's most
important crop, a press release issued by the US Embassy here on Thursday said.

American and Pakistani agriculture scientists expressed satisfaction over
progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project (WPEP), a USDA
program.

WPEP links USDA, Pakistani, and international scientists to develop, introduce,
and test disease-resistant wheat varieties as well as improve agronomic
practices and upgrade research capacity in the country.

"The WPEP project has produced exceptional results, including the introduction
of NARC 2011, and I look forward to great progress in the future. Wheat is an
important crop in both Pakistan and the United States and our two countries are
continuing a 50-year tradition of collaboration in agriculture," said Clay
Hamilton, Agricultural Counsellor.

Clay Hamilton noted that wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the
daily caloric intake of the average Pakistani and that joint efforts to combat
this disease are vital to Pakistan's economy and food security.

WPEP is a United States Department of Agriculture program that develops,
introduces, and tests disease-resistant wheat varieties.

The project also focuses on improving agronomic practices, developing disease
surveillance systems, updating infrastructure, and building research capacity in
the Pakistan.

The five-year collaborative research project brings together wheat research
scientists from PARC, CIMMYT, USDA, provincial wheat research institutions, and
ICARDA.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            October 9, 2012 Tuesday

Your Town: USDA to explain bias claim program in Salinas

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 365 words


SALINAS

USDA to explain bias claim program

Representatives with the United States Department of Agriculture will be in
Salinas Wednesday to promote a new program designed to addressed discrimination
claims by Latinos and women farmers and ranchers.

More than $1.33 billion is available to implement this program, which will
review claims by women and minorities who may have been subject to
discrimination when seeking loans from the United States Department of
Agriculture from 1981 to 2000.

The meeting will take place from 7 to 8 p.m. at the Monterey County Agriculture
Commissioner office, 1428 Abbot Road.

MONTEREY PENINSULA

Fire stations to hold safety fair, open house

The Monterey Fire Department is holding a safety fair and open house at its
stations in Monterey, Pacific Grove and Carmel from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday
to end Fire Prevention Week.

· Safety fair and open house at Carmel Fire Station No. 5, on 6th Avenue between
Mission and San Carlos streets, and Monterey Fire Station No. 1, 600 Pacific St.

· Open house and tours at Monterey Fire Stations No. 2, 582 Hawthorne St., and
No. 3, 401 Dela Vina, and at Pacific Grove Fire Station No. 4, 600 Pine Ave.

· Auto extrication demonstrations at 1 p.m. at Monterey Fire Station No. 1 and 2
p.m. at Carmel Fire Station No. 5.

For information, call 646-3900.

MONTEREY

Alzheimer's caregiver workshop is Wednesday

A free workshop, "Caregiving Challenges and Strategies   Personal Care Issues:
Bathing, Incontinence and Dressing," will be held 2 to 4 p.m. Wednesday at the
Alzheimer's Association, 21 Lower Ragsdale Drive.

It's a problem-solving workshop for caregivers caring for someone with memory
loss.

To register, call 800-272-3900.

SEASIDE

Domestic violence conference set

A conference on domestic violence will be held 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday at the
CSU Monterey Bay Conference Center, 2081 Inter-Garrison Road.

Experts on teenagers and the LGBTQ community will speak.

Tickets are $65 and can be purchased online or at the door. Continuing education
credits are available. To register, seewww.co.monterey.ca.us/dvcc .

The conference is sponsored by the Domestic Violence Coordinating Council of
Monterey County and the CSUMB Police Department.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             June 27, 2005, Monday

OFFICIALS: BEEF CASE BENEFITS CITRUS DEPT.; MONDAY Q & A: POMOTING INDUSTRY

BYLINE: KEVIN BOUFFARD The Ledger

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1293 words


LAKELAND

A month ago the Florida Department of Citrus was fighting for its life in the
wake of court decisions holding that its primary source of funding violates the
First Amendment.

The outlook changed May 23, when the U.S. Supreme Court found a tax on cattle
sales used to promote beef consumption was immune from a First Amendment
challenge. The beef tax closely resembles the citrus "box tax" that finances
about 75 percent of the Lakeland-based Citrus Department's annual budget.

Michael McMahon, the lawyer representing the six big citrus growers challenging
the box tax, acknowledged the beef decision struck a blow to the growers'
challenge.

The growers, including Latt Maxcy Corp. in Frostproof, filed the lawsuit in
September 2002. It was based on a 2001 U.S. Supreme Court decision ruling a U.S.
Department of Agriculture tax on mushroom growers violated the First Amendment.

The suit had worked its way to the Florida Supreme Court with a series of
rulings favorable to the dissident growers.

But four days after the beef decision, the state Supreme Court indicated it
wanted to send the case back to the 2nd District Court of Appeal in Lakeland for
reconsideration in light of that ruling.

McMahon has asked the Florida Supreme Court to return the case to the 10th
Circuit Court, which would give him more freedom to pursue new legal strategies.
The Citrus Department has opposed starting over at the circuit court.

The Supreme Court may rule on that dispute in the next few weeks.

In the meantime, the Department of Citrus' future looks much more secure.

The Ledger recently interviewed Andy Taylor, the chairman of the Florida Citrus
Commission, the department's governing body, and Hank Campbell, the commission's
lawyer, about the impact of the beef decision on the current litigation and the
Florida citrus industry.

Taylor, 43, works as vice president of finance and corporate development at
Peace River Citrus Products Inc., a Vero Beach-based juice processor with a
plant in Bartow. Campbell, 46, works at GrayRobinson, a Lakeland law firm.

Q. What does the First Amendment have to do with promoting mushrooms, citrus or
beef?

A. The First Amendment, of course, gives us the freedom to speak publicly
without fear of government reprisal. The U.S. Supreme Court has also ruled it
prevents the government from compelling citizens to speak.

The 2001 mushroom decision for the first time held taxes levied against a
distinct group to support agricultural marketing programs represented compelled
speech. It led to a wave of litigation challenging state and federal taxes for
marketing many agricultural products, including milk, pork, apples, grapes and
alligators as well citrus and beef.

Q. Why did the U.S. Supreme Court uphold the beef tax?

A. The court held the USDA program represented the government's own speech, not
speech compelled of beef producers. As such, it was not subject to First
Amendment challenge. The program financed promotions such as the "Beef: It's
What's for Dinner" campaign.

"The First Amendment cannot be used to challenge the government when it's
speaking its own mind," Campbell said. "They determined in the beef program that
was true, and obviously we think that's even more true for the Department of
Citrus."

Q. What does "government speech" mean?

A. The still-developing concept holds that when the government needs to speak to
its citizens, taxpayers who disagree with the message cannot stop it on the
grounds of compelled speech, Campbell said.

In the past, the concept applied strictly to government communications defending
its own policies and to messages concerning public health and welfare, such as
anti-smoking ads.

The beef decision widens that.

"This is a groundbreaking decision in that it defines government speech and
defines it very, very broadly," Campbell said. "We could hardly have written
this decision better (for the box tax). It was directly on point with what we
had been arguing since the (10th Circuit) trial court."

Q. Did the Supreme Court reverse course from the 2001 mushroom decision?

A. Not exactly. Instead, it found a new reason to allow the tax.

The court hadn't considered the government speech defense for agricultural
marketing taxes until the recent beef case, Campbell said.

The defense carried the day because three of the six justices who formed the
majority in the mushroom case became part of the majority in the beef ruling,
also a 6-3 decision.

Justices David Souter, Anthony Kennedy and John Paul Stevens, who were in the
majority regarding the mushroom tax, argued the court had rejected the precedent
set in the mushroom decision (called "United Foods").

"The court accepts the (government speech) defense unwisely," Souter wrote in
dissent. "Otherwise there is no check whatever on government's power to compel
special speech subsidies, and the rule of United Foods is a dead letter."

Q. Does the beef decision mean the end of the citrus lawsuit?

A. No, but Citrus Commission Chairman Taylor said the beef decision changed the
tide of court rulings against agricultural marketing taxes.

"I think this decision will effectively end any First Amendment challenge to the
department's programs and to its taxing authority," he said.

But Taylor acknowledged the growers "have invested a lot of time, a lot of
energy, and a lot of money in their case. They believe passionately in their
position, and I respect that. They're going to take some time and try to assess
what options they have before making any final decision."

Q. How did the lawsuit affect the Citrus Department and its programs?

A. The lawsuit distracted the Citrus Department from its core mission --
promoting Florida citrus products, Taylor said.

"Over the last year in particular, we've refocused on the business at hand.
We've left the lawyering to the lawyers," he said. "We've really focused on what
we need to be doing, and that's grow the market. Regardless of what happens in
the case, we will continue to let the lawyers do the lawyering and address
things in court."

Q. What's been the fallout in the Florida citrus industry?

A. "It has been divisive certainly," Taylor said. "From my standpoint, I
recognize there have been challenges across the country with a number of these
commodity programs. It is a legal question. The (growers) brought a legitimate
legal question to the courts for an answer. I never took this as anything
personal."

But Taylor believes the lawsuit never enjoyed widespread support. Florida has
thousands of citrus growers, but only six filed a lawsuit, he said.

Q. Why did they file?

A. "I always believed this was a case about economics," Taylor said.

Because of their size, the larger growers could negotiate favorable contracts
with Florida's juice processors to buy their oranges and grapefruit at "far
above the current market prices," he said. Annually about 95 percent of Florida
oranges and some 60 percent of its grapefruit goes to juice.

"Those growers don't want to make an additional investment in advertising,"
Taylor said. "They want that expense wiped off their profit-and-loss statement
because they're price-protected for five, seven or 10 years down the road.

"I understand the economics of their position. Kudos to those growers for
negotiating good fruit contracts," he said. "I always recognized that if we lost
the Department of Citrus and (its) advertising, that was not going to bode well
for the small and medium-sized growers, most of whom sell their fruit into the
cash market on a spot basis and otherwise don't benefit from a (protected)
price."

Kevin Bouffard can be reached at kevin.bouffard@theledger.com or 863-802-7591.


LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Taylor; Campbell; MICHAEL WILSON/The Ledger: Florida Citrus Commission
Chairman Andy Taylor, left, and Commission Attorney Hank Campbell are happy with
the beef ruling.

             Copyright 2005 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation

                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 1, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Farm Exports Dip

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 36 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 31


American farm exports dropped 10 percent in 1986, to $26 billion, an Agriculture
Department report said. ''Rising grain production in importing countries cut
overseas demand and U.S. exports,'' the report said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Washington: CBP Finds Bird's Nests in Traveler's Luggage

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agriculture specialists at George Bush
Intercontinental Airport seized 30 birds' nests, Tuesday.



 These items, considered a delicacy in some countries, are prohibited from
entering the U.S. as they can carry Newcastle Disease or the Highly Pathogenic
Avian Influenza (H5N1) virus.



 The passenger, who was arriving from Vietnam, did not declare the items.
During the passenger's baggage examination, CBP agriculture specialists
discovered the nests concealed inside a box of herbs.



 "CBP's agriculture mission requires that we safeguard America's agricultural
and natural resources," said Port Director Charles Perez.  "Our agriculture
specialists recognize the importance of intercepting these types of smuggling
attempts to prevent the spread of infectious diseases and harmful pests that
have not been introduced into our agriculture.  Seizures like this one keep that
threat at bay."



 Birds' nests are created from the solidified saliva of birds and are used to
make a soup or broth.  In some cultures they are considered a prized possession
due to their high nutritional value and exceptional taste.  Birds' nests are
high in calcium, iron, potassium and magnesium.  However since bird's nests are
considered likely carriers of infectious diseases they are prohibited from entry
to the U.S.



 The passenger was assessed a $300 penalty for failure to declare prohibited
agricultural products and the birds' nests were seized and destroyed.



 Travelers are encouraged to visit the United States Department of Agriculture,
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service or CBP's websites for information
about bringing food and agriculture items into the United States.



 On a typical day in fiscal year 2015, CBP agriculture specialists discovered
4548 materials that required quarantine or destruction including plant, meat,
animal byproduct and soil.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Washington: CBP Finds Bird's Nests in Traveler's Luggage

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Customs and Border Protection has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agriculture specialists at George Bush
Intercontinental Airport seized 30 birds' nests, Tuesday.



 These items, considered a delicacy in some countries, are prohibited from
entering the U.S. as they can carry Newcastle Disease or the Highly Pathogenic
Avian Influenza (H5N1) virus.



 The passenger, who was arriving from Vietnam, did not declare the items.
During the passenger's baggage examination, CBP agriculture specialists
discovered the nests concealed inside a box of herbs.



 "CBP's agriculture mission requires that we safeguard America's agricultural
and natural resources," said Port Director Charles Perez.  "Our agriculture
specialists recognize the importance of intercepting these types of smuggling
attempts to prevent the spread of infectious diseases and harmful pests that
have not been introduced into our agriculture.  Seizures like this one keep that
threat at bay."



 Birds' nests are created from the solidified saliva of birds and are used to
make a soup or broth.  In some cultures they are considered a prized possession
due to their high nutritional value and exceptional taste.  Birds' nests are
high in calcium, iron, potassium and magnesium.  However since bird's nests are
considered likely carriers of infectious diseases they are prohibited from entry
to the U.S.



 The passenger was assessed a $300 penalty for failure to declare prohibited
agricultural products and the birds' nests were seized and destroyed.



 Travelers are encouraged to visit the United States Department of Agriculture,
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service or CBP's websites for information
about bringing food and agriculture items into the United States.



 On a typical day in fiscal year 2015, CBP agriculture specialists discovered
4548 materials that required quarantine or destruction including plant, meat,
animal byproduct and soil.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

U.S. gives green light to imports of Irish beef;
Country is first in Europe to meet American safety rules after mad cow scare

BYLINE: DOUGLAS DALBY

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 776 words

DATELINE: DUBLIN

ABSTRACT

Ireland has met American safety rules, becoming the first European country to
come off a ban imposed after an outbreak of mad cow disease in the late 1990s.

FULL TEXT

Irish beef will be the first from Europe to be sold in the United States in
almost 16 years, after the lifting of a ban that had stemmed from an outbreak of
mad cow disease in the late 1990s.

The United States agreed to lift the ban last year, and Ireland is the first
European country since then to have met the requirements ensuring its beef was
safe. Although any Irish imports might represent only a tiny fraction of
American meat sales, Ireland might be likely to find a market among buyers
seeking beef raised in pastures and free from artificial growth hormones.

''This U.S. market is a huge prize given its size and the demand we know exists
there for premium grass-fed beef,'' Ireland's agriculture minister, Simon
Coveney, said Monday in an official announcement on Irish national radio. ''We
now have first-mover advantage as a result of being the first E.U. member state
to gain entry. There is also the large Irish-American community, which will be a
key target of our promotional efforts.''

The United States authorities imposed the ban over health fears during an
epidemic across Europe in the late 1990s that led to mass culling of cattle
herds. The formal name for mad cow disease is bovine spongiform encephalopathy,
an affliction that kills cattle by attacking the animals' brains and central
nervous systems. If tainted meat is consumed, the illness is believed to be
capable of causing fatal neurological disorders in humans, mainly through the
incurable variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.

Beef prices in the United States have risen in recent years as a result of
droughts and higher feed prices. Australia is a leading exporter of beef to the
United States, although most of that meat comes from industrial feed lots - not
the open-pasture beef that many Irish farms produce.

The demand for premium grass-fed, hormone-free beef in the United States,
particularly in the restaurant trade, is growing an estimated 20 percent a year,
Mr. Coveney said. Last year, the United States imported around 4 billion euros,
or about $4.8 billion, worth of such beef from countries like Paraguay and
Uruguay. Mr. Coveney estimates that the market could be worth (EURO)100 million
to the Irish beef industry in 2015.

The weak euro - it was trading in the range of $1.19 on Monday - should also
help Ireland's export drive, Mr. Coveney said.

The approval to begin exports follows an inspection by the American authorities
of Irish beef production systems last July, after the formal lifting of the ban
in March 2014. The Irish government hopes the United States approval might also
open other foreign markets.

''This is the culmination of two years of intensive work to prove our
credentials as a supplier of highest quality premium beef,'' Mr. Coveney said.
The Irish lobbying efforts included playing host to two visits by the United
States secretary of agriculture, Tom Vilsack.

Irish officials are now in a position to authorize individual beef-processing
plants to export to the United States. Mr. Coveney said that his department had
been in talks with interested producers and that the work would intensify so
trade could begin as soon as possible.

Paul Finnerty, chief executive of ABP Food Group, which has farms in Ireland,
Britain and Poland and is Europe's biggest beef processor, said the reopening of
the American market was ''a significant opportunity,'' given the demand in the
United States for grass-fed beef.

''We have been working on the ground in the U.S. over two years now and sense a
real opportunity for our business,'' he said in an email. ''We have been in
negotiations with a number of leading food service and retail players, and we
are expecting to make an announcement very shortly.''

But some farming organizations were more cautious. Patrick Kent, president of
the Irish Cattle and Sheep Farmers' Association, said the news was good only in
theory - unless big buyers proved willing to pay more for beef. ''Farmers will
remain skeptical, given the ruthless downward manipulation of prices by the meat
industry over the past 12 months,'' he said in a statement. ''They are still
waiting to see concrete benefits from previous announcements of new markets.''

Meat Industry Ireland, a trade group representing beef producers, said it
welcomed the announcement. But it cautioned that further clarity was required on
the approval process for producers, predicting that the exports would be a niche
market concentrated on premium meats sold in relatively low volumes.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   October 31, 1992, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. plan eases rules on genetic plants

BYLINE: REUTER)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 342 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. agriculture department has proposed eliminating federal permits for
field-testing most genetically engineered plants, a controversial move designed
to speed bio-engineered products to the market.

Under the draft plan released yesterday, the government has moved in roughly
five years from highly restrictive controls on genetically altered plants -
including warning signs and prohibitions on other plants near test fields - to a
sort of honor system.

"The system we're proposing will reduce approval time, cut costs, encourage
biotechnology innovations and focus USDA (U.S. department of agriculture)
regulatory resources on the areas of greatest complexity," deputy agriculture
secretary Ann Veneman said.

The biotechnology industry enthusiastically supported the new policy, but
consumer groups were violently opposed.

"This irresponsible election-eve giveaway by the administration is grossly
negligent and illegal," said Jeremy Rifkin, longtime biotech foe.

Rifkin's Pure Food Campaign also filed a legal comment with the department,
saying its plan violated federal laws.

Under the proposal, researchers developing genetically engineered strains of six
crops would simply notify the department they intended to field-test a plant.

The crops - corn, cotton, tomatoes, potatoes, tobacco and soybeans - accounted
for about 85 per cent of all permits granted by the government for genetic
testing this year. The number of permits has risen from about four in 1987 to
160 this year, a USDA official said.

Current rules require the department to approve all genetic field tests, a
process that takes months. Researchers also need permission to ship their
products.

The new policy should cut the average $ 5,000 (U.S.) cost of preparing a permit
by 90 per cent, the department said.

Researchers will have to meet guidelines to test plants under the more lenient
policy, and the department will carry out spot checks to make sure manufacturers
comply. The policy will also be reviewed at the end of field trials.


LOAD-DATE: November 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              June 13, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Calvert says latest find may speed up border opening

BYLINE: Anne Kyle, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 593  words


The discovery of a second potential case of mad cow in the United States should
help Canada's chances of persuading the U.S. courts to re-open its border to
Canadian cattle, says Premier Lorne Calvert.

"It indicates that BSE (bovine spongiform encephalopathy) is not restricted to
any nation or confined by any border. It can be present in any place in the
globe," Calvert told reporters Saturday as he prepared to leave for Colorado.

"And surely that must influence the American legislatures and the American
courts to understand that what we need to do is make our decisions based on
science, have the correct and best possible testing process in place, and
recognize that this is not a Canadian or American, Japanese or European issue.
It is in many ways a global issue where there is beef."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Friday that it has ordered further
tests after a sample from an older cow showed a "weak positive" for mad cow
disease.

Agricultural trade issues will be front and centre when Calvert meets with
governors of several western U.S. states at the Western Governors' Association
annual Breckenridge, Col., which ends Tuesday.

"We need to continue the dialogue with our American colleagues on BSE,
emphasizing that their own U.S. Department of Agriculture supports a resumption
in cross-border trade in all live cattle and beef, and that the USDA's position
is based on science."

It is important, Calvert said, to keep the lobby to re-open the border to
Canadian beef and cattle in the news.

"It has moved now into the courts. We have done the work and we have, for the
most part, achieved success in terms of the American political front. Still some
quarters would be opposed, but for the most part the president is onside,'' he
said.

"Much of the political work has been done. But as it moves through the court
process it is important to keep this issue in the public eye, because in my view
the courts of the United States are influenced by public opinion. And the more
that we can keep this issue before the public eye in the United States, the
better our chances of success at the court level,'' Calvert said.

The United States closed the border to Canadian cattle and beef products in May
2003 after Canada discovered the first case of mad cow disease.

Some packaged beef has been allowed back in, but on March 2, just days before
the ban was to be lifted on the import of Canadian cattle into the U.S., a
Montana judge ruled in favour of a Montana-based ranchers group and extended it.
The U.S. Agriculture Department is appealing that decision. The appeal will be
heard July 13, while the Montana district court judge who granted the temporary
injunction will hear arguments July 27 on whether to make the border closure
permanent.

Calvert told reporters he will also be using the Western Governors' Association
meeting to profile Saskatchewan's energy industry and promote the province's
commitment to conventional and renewable energy production, efficiency and
innovation.

"There will be a significant discussion at this Western Governors about North
American energy security and given the significance of the energy resources in
our province we can be a significant player there,'' Calvert said. He also
anticipates there will be discussions around the new Security and Prosperity
Partnership for North America Agreement and ways of promoting regional
intergovernmental co-operation in western North America, particularly when it
comes to tackling the problem of addictions, including the use and trafficking
of crystal meth.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: CanWest; Tanis and Patrick Downey stand beside some of their black
angus cows on their farm outside of the town of Black Diamond, southwest of
Calgary. The two are concerned about the possible case of mad cow disease in the
United States.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           August 25, 2001, Saturday

US BEEF EXPORTS DECLINE

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 216 words


TOTAL beef exports from the United States for the first five months of 2001 were
more than 11 per cent lower than during the corresponding period last year at
more than 311,000 tonnes, writes David McCoy.

Latest trade statistics from the United States Department of Agriculture, show
that, of the total exports, just over 166,000 tonnes was in the fresh/chilled
form, a three per cent increase on year-earlier levels, while frozen beef
exports declined by 26 per cent, to 133,000 tonnes, as a result of significantly
lower exports to both Russia and Korea.

With the exception of Mexico, decreased exports were recorded for all of the
other main US markets.

In the January-May period, the total volume of American beef shipped to Japan
declined by nearly nine per cent, to 143,000 tonnes.

However, in spite of this reduction, Japan remains the principal market for US
beef, accounting for more than 45 per cent of total US beef exports during the
first five months of 2001.

Exports to Mexico increased by almost four per cent on corresponding 2000
levels, to 71,500 tonnes.

Shipments to both Korea and Russia were significantly lower than year- earlier
levels at 43,000 tonnes and 1,300 tonnes respectively, while exports to the
European Union totalled 782 tonnes.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited

                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 27, 1993 Monday

High food prices? Blame retailers, not producers   AGRICULTURE"Critics will
attack the new   tariff structure that replaces Canada's quota   system, but
their arguments are wrong

BYLINE: ANTHONY WILSON; GAM

LENGTH: 992 words


BY ANTHONY WILSON
 THE completion of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT)
negotiations this month will inaugurate a new regime for Canadian
agriculture.

As we move to a tariff regime in place of a quota system that
previously barred imports, the battle lines are being drawn. Indeed, the
Americans have fired the first salvo, with the U.S. Agriculture Secretary
and his senior adviser telling Canada that Washington expects us to reduce
these new tariffs to zero by 1998 to meet what the United States defines
as our obligations under NAFTA, the North American free-trade agreement.

Opposing the important sector of the farm community protected by these
new tariffs - principally the dairy, poultry and egg producers - is a
powerful array of enemies. They include not only the U.S. government,
propelled by lobbying from American agribusiness and perhaps some U.S.
farm operators, but also powerful actors on this side of the border: large
agribusiness firms operating in Canada and, no doubt, other sectors of big
business here anxious to avoid any U.S. trade retaliation.

The critics who have attacked supply management will be attacking the
new tariff structure. Their arguments are easily anticipated. They will go
something like this: The new tariff system is primarily responsible, as
was supply management, for the higher cost of our food, relative to what
Americans pay. We can no longer let a small vested interest in agriculture
hold up economic progress through freer trade.

However, finding supply management at fault for the differences between
Canadian and U.S. retail food prices at best demonstrates ignorance about
how the food industry works, and at worst is a con game designed to
protect those actually responsible for the difference.

The farm-gate price - the price farmers themselves receive for such
supply-managed commodities as chicken and milk - is in fact only
marginally higher in Ontario, for instance, than it is in the United
States. For chicken, the price is a bit under $1 per kilogram in the
United States, in Canada a bit over $1. The big difference comes in the
retail price, which in Ontario averages around $5 a kilogram, compared
with about $2.30 in the United States. The same situation, though not as
pronounced, exists for milk. Clearly, forces other than supply management
have the major impact in determining our food prices.

This was dramatically illustrated several years ago when Canada signed
the free-trade agreement with the United States, and eliminated the
subsidy to grain farmers that had existed under our two-price wheat
system. This took away income from wheat farmers and lowered the price of
wheat to Canadian processors by some 30 per cent. But it did not result in
savings to consumers on bakery products as former agriculture minister
Charles Mayer had promised. In fact, the average cost of a loaf of bread
has increased by 40 per cent in the past four years.

So, if the price that farmers are able to negotiate for their products
has little bearing on the price consumers pay for their food, what does
determine this price? It could be the food-processing industry, which in
such major sectors as dairy, fruit and vegetables, flour-milling and meat-
packing is dominated by a relatively small number of companies.

Important as this may be, there is strong evidence that most of the
increase in our food prices in recent years, and the growing gap between
Canadian and U.S. food prices, results from the extraordinary market power
of Canadian food-retail chains. This should surprise no one, given how
tightly controlled the food-retail business in Canada is, even relative to
the United States. If we want to do something about food prices, our time
is better spent investigating the lack of competition at the food-retail
end of our food chain.

Caving in to U.S. demands on our tariffs will do little to make our
food cheaper, but it will prejudice the survival of thousands of Canada's
dairy, poultry and egg producers. These farmers will have to compete with
U.S. producers and the tax and cost advantages they enjoy - such as a
warmer climate which permits longer grazing and thus reduces feed costs -
in addition to substantial hidden subsidies in such areas as dairy
farming.

The decline in Canadian farming in these sectors certainly will not
help the machinery, feed, ag-chemical, seed and hardware companies they
buy their supplies from. It won't help the service-oriented professionals,
such as veterinarians and accountants, who thrive on a healthy modern farm
economy. And the revenue these companies and professionals lose, along
with the forgone revenues of farm operators themselves, will further
reduce the already shrinking tax revenues governments take in. Which will
be too bad, because these bankrupted farm families will add to the burden
on our welfare and social-service programs.

By moving to a greater reliance on U.S. agriculture, which the
reduction in tariffs will produce, we will also have to confront the
issues of food security and food safety. Should shortages occur in the
uncertain future, will Canadians receive equal treatment with American
consumers? By sacrificing self-sufficiency in essential foodstuffs, we
become critically dependent on the good will of our neighbour.

Relying on U.S. agriculture also means accepting U.S. food standards in
place of our own. Recent evidence that almost 40 per cent of raw chicken
in the United States is contaminated with salmonella offers some idea of
how low American food standards have fallen.

Ultimately it will be up to the federal government to decide whether it
is willing to risk U.S. retaliation and stand up for this new tariff
regime. A full public debate on this issue is necessary, so that the real
consequences of not standing up to the Americans will be apparent.

Anthony Winson teaches rural political economy at the University of
Guelph and is the author of The Intimate Commodity: Food and the
Development of the Agro-Industrial System in Canada (Garamond Press, 1993)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 24, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Value of U.S. Farm Exports Could Fall in '82

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 23


The value of United States farm exports could slip next year, ending a 12-year
string of record highs, unless the situation improved greatly in the coming
months, the Agriculture Department said in a report issued Friday.

Officials said the value of the nation's commodity exports in the year ending
Sept. 30 was expected to total $44.7 billion, $1 billion less than forecast in
May and $3.8 billion below an estimate last autumn. Prospects for the following
year indicate ''exports will likely total between $44 billion and $48 billion,''
the department said.

Steve Milmoe, of the Economic Research Service, one of the report's authors,
said there was a possibility that 1981-82 exports would drop below this year's.
The last time that happened, he said, was in 1968-69, when farm export values
dropped to $5.8 billion from $6.3 billion the year before. They have increased
each year since.

The tonnage of commodities shipped is expected to increase again, probably to a
range of 168 million to 178 million metric tons.  Tonnage this year is estimated
at 163 million tons, down slightly from 163.9 million in 1979-80, the report
said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday

US AGRICULTURAL POLICY IS DESTRUCTIVE

LENGTH: 578 words


United States agriculture policy is outdated, harmful to small farmers and
devastating to third world countries trying to make a profit by growing crops.
The basic situation is as follows: in the wake of the Great Depression, subsidy
programs were put into place initially as temporary measures, to help farmers
during an economic crisis.

According to the USDA's website, in the 1930s about 25% of the U.S. population
lived and worked on the nation's six million small farms and these subsidies
protected the livelihood of farmers -- at that time about a quarter of the
country's population. However, by 1997 about 157,000 large farms accounted for
72% of farm sales, with only two percent of the U.S. population residing on
farms.

This changing of the American farming landscape without a significant change in
agricultural subsidies policy has created a system that encourages
overproduction of crops. Farmers (mostly large scale farmers, or corporate
farmers) produce as much of a product as they can. Since they are guaranteed a
minimum price by the U.S. government, whatever cost of production the market
value of their crops do not cover, the government makes up the difference.

So what happens to all the extra crops that Americans don't eat? All the extra
crops are dumped onto the international market, which drives the prices of those
goods lower than the cost to grow them. This is simply devastating to the many
countries who base their welfare on agriculture. Take the cotton industry.
According to Oxfam America, a non-profit organization dedicated to ending world
poverty, more than ten million people in West and Central African countries earn
their livelihoods from cotton production.

Oxfam says, "The United States is the world's largest exporter and subsidizer of
cotton, spending nearly four billion a year on subsidies ... this is roughly
three times the entire U.S. aid budget for Africa's 500 million people." The
resultant overproduction and dumping of cotton on the world market, drives the
price of cotton below what it takes to produce, even in small countries where
the cost of production is lower than in the U.S.

Farmers in these agriculture-dependant countries are unable to sell their crops
for profit. As a result, these farmers cannot afford to educate their children,
obtain decent housing and clothing or even feed themselves or their families.
The continued support of U.S. agricultural subsidies policies in the United
States should not be considered a political slight, but rather a violation of
human rights.

Even within the United States, agricultural subsides clearly benefit large-scale
corporate farms and not small family owned farms. According to a press release
from Oxfam, the largest ten percent of cotton farms receive three quarters of
total payment. In 2001, ten farms received $17 million between them. And this
kind of statistic holds true across other kinds of crops that the U.S.
government also subsidizes.

Both at home and abroad, the current farm bill, the legislation under which
subsidies fall, is harmful to the livelihoods of people who are attempting (and
in many cases obligated) to make a living from farming. This year, Congress will
vote on a new farm bill. I hope that they recognize the harm that a continuation
of current legislation will cause and create a new farm bill that stops
rewarding the lobbying corporate farms and takes the lives of millions of
farmers worldwide into careful consideration.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 3, 2004, Saturday

GROWERS IN CASH BOOST

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 280 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation
Service has provided $ 750,000 (pounds 413,597) to help Maine growers who have
to dump much of their crop.

The money is being used to assist growers in the safe disposal of unmarketable
potatoes.

Fast-growing populations and their demand for potatoes worldwide have led to a
more important role of the potato in the world food security system,
representatives attending the 5th World Potato Congress in Kunming, China, said.

The global demand for potatoes will increase by 20 per cent and the developing
countries will double their potato demand by 2020, outweighing that for rice,
wheat and maize, according to latest research by the International Potato
Center.

Home crop supplies of organic potatoes in Great Britain are getting shorter as
the season draws to an end.

A British Potato Council spokesman said that top quality, salad and baker
samples were particularly light.

"Most movement is on contracted supplies with very little open trading. Prices
for Reds and Whites are mainly pounds 180 up to pounds 250 depending on
quality," he said.

"Buyers are moving over to imported supplies from Israel and Egypt."

China is the biggest potato grower in the world with an average annual output of
66 million tons, but less than a quarter of the annual output is processed into
products for daily consumption.

Experts attending the Fifth World Potato Congress in Kunming, capital of the
southwest China province of Yunnan, reportedly said that the country should
plant more potatoes to increase agricultural output, ensure food security and
increase farmers' income.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited

                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 28, 1996 Thursday

NEWS   Canada bans U.S. wheat in fungus scare

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 193 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


Reuters News Agency
  WINNIPEG
 Canada yesterday banned durum wheat imports from the United States and
restricted other wheat imports from four states because of concerns about
karnal bunt fungus, Agriculture Canada said.

Under the restrictions, effective immediately, imports of durum wheat
are prohibited from all American states. Imports of other wheats and
triticale, a hybrid of wheat and rye, are restricted from Arizona, Texas,
New Mexico and California, states that are considered high-risk areas for
the fungus.

Canada imported just 4,000 tonnes of U.S. durum wheat in 1995 and is a
major exporter of wheat to the United States. Durum wheat is used chiefly
to make pasta.

The U.S. Agriculture Department on Tuesday quarantined wheat in the
state of Arizona, four counties in New Mexico and two counties in Texas in
a continuing effort to contain the effects of a karnal bunt infestation
discovered in Arizona durum seed on March 8.

Karnal bunt fungus, which reduces yields and affects the smell and
taste of flour, has never become established at latitudes north of the
35th parallel, Agriculture Canada said. Much of the Canada-U.S. border is
on the 49th parallel.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 26, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. May Cut Dues to U.N. Over Arab Resolution

BYLINE: By PAUL LEWIS, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 32, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 690 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS, Nov. 25


The United States will drastically cut funds to the Rome-based United Nations
Food and Agriculture Organization if the agency agrees next week to cooperate
with the Palestine Liberation Organization on agricultural development in the
Israeli-occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip, Administration officials say.

For the first time, Arab members have introduced a resolution in the agency's
governing General Conference calling on the organization to ''provide the
Palestinian people with the assistance necessary for their economic development
in close cooperation with the Palestine Liberation Organization.''

If the Arabs secure the backing of a majority at the General Conference, the
resolution is certain to pass, American officials say. They point out that
France appears ready to back the resolution.

''We are very concerned about this resolution and expending every diplomatic
effort at this late hour,'' John R. Bolton, the Assistant Secretary of State for
International Organizations, said in a telephone interview. ''If it is passed,
it will be a sad day for the F.A.O.'' The resolution, due for a vote on Monday,
says ''that the practices of the Israeli occupying authorities impede the basic
requirements for the development of the economy of the occupied Palestinian
territories.''

It ''expresses opposition to the Israeli confiscation of Palestinian land and
the expropriation of Palestinian water resources.'' The resolution asks the
agency to include the occupied territories in ''future programs and activities
in line with present cooperation and coordination between the Palestine
Liberation Organization and other United Nations agencies.''

United States officials say they strongly oppose the resolution, arguing that it
amounts to ''massive politicization'' of a technical United Nations body charged
with promoting agriculture in the developing world.

Since the Palestine National Council declared the existence of a Palestinian
state in the occupied territories last year, the United States has successfully
blocked Arab campaigns to win recognition of the P.L.O. as a government by the
United Nations and several of its specialized agencies, including the World
Health Organization and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural
Organization.

But this time the Arab members are asking the organization to treat the P.L.O.
as the Palestinian people's representative in agricultural matters.

Approval of the resolution, officials say, would trigger immediate retaliation
by the United States in the form of further reductions of its payments to the
agency. ''They would go to the bottom of the heap,'' one official said.

American officials point out that the P.L.O. resolution comes after the General
Conference defied the United States and other Western contributors by forcing
through a 3-percent increase in the agriculture agency's 1990 budget after
making allowance for inflation.

This violated the major Western contributors' collective policy of seeking to
impose zero real growth on all United Nations spending. The United States and
other major contributors, which together pay 58 percent of the agency's costs,
either voted against the new budget or abstained.

The Administration originally asked Congress to pay to the agency $61.3 million,
the full assessed contribution of the United States, as well as an additional $8
million toward its accumulated arrears of $82 million. The agency's budget for
next year is $270 million. The United States pays about 25 percent of the
budget.

But since Congress voted less than the Administration requested for all regular
dues to United Nations agencies and gave no money for arrears, the
Administration is bound to cut its payments to the agency next year.

Just how much further the Administration could cut its contribution to the
agency raises the sensitive question of whether the United States wants to
retain full voting rights in the organization, officials say. If the United
States pays less than $18 million next year, its arrears will total two years'
dues and it would be liable to lose its voting rights in the organization.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company

                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

California: WUSATA Leads High-Profile Mission to Vietnam with Western State
Directors of Agriculture

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The Western United States Agricultural Trade Association (WUSATA) and the 13
Western State Departments of Agriculture are leading a high-profile Board of
Directors Mission to Vietnam April 4-8, 2016, to expand export opportunities for
western United States food and agricultural companies and products.  While in
Hanoi earlier this week, the WUSATA delegation met with the Ministries of
Agriculture and Trade to discuss the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and promote
expanded trade and cooperation between their states and Vietnam.





 "Vietnam is one of the countries involved in the TPP, and represents a rapidly
growing market for high-value U.S. agricultural products. Western U.S.
agricultural and food companies are eager to enter or expand the Vietnamese
export market through the help of the TPP, and our Board of Directors are
traveling to Vietnam to begin the work needed to make that happen," says Andy
Anderson, WUSATA's Executive Director.



 The TPP will help eliminate or reduce tariffs and other barriers that raise the
cost to consumers of many U.S. food and beverage products, which have a strong
reputation for quality and safety in Vietnam.  Exports of U.S. agricultural and
related products to Vietnam grew from $1.5 billion in 2010 to $2.6 billion in
2015.  Implementation of the TPP is anticipated to greatly boost Vietnam's
economic prosperity and reduce barriers to trade, which should help expand
export opportunities to the market, the United States' 11th largest overall in
2015.



 "There is strong demand for high-quality, made-in-the-USA food and agricultural
products in Vietnam," said Jim Barbee, director of Nevada's Department of
Agriculture and WUSATA's president. "Now is a great time for western U.S.
companies - especially small- or medium-sized ones - to either start or expand
their exports there."  To help with those efforts, in conjunction with the Board
of Directors Mission, WUSATA is hosting an Outbound Trade Mission with 13
western U.S. companies and other trade organizations  showcasing their products
to buyers and importers in Vietnam.  The entire delegation is also touring
various retail, wholesale, and port facilities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US pledges support to Pakistani growers

LENGTH: 353  words


US Ambassador Richard Olson today reaffirmed the United States government's
long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan.

''Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat
production.

We continue our support because improving crop yields, protecting food sources
from disease, and boosting milk production will increase farmers' incomes,
improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity.''

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC), which was
established with the help of the U.S. government in the 1980s, Ambassador Olson
said, ''The United States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan
through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.''

The Ambassador lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement
Project (WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed
in collaboration with national and provincial research partners that has
successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat variety, ''NARC 2011.''

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community.  ''Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical,'' said Ambassador Olson.  ''The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to
continue your work together.''

In addition to support for the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project, the
United States has provided new harvesting machines and funded improvements to
research stations around Pakistan to develop more disease-resistant wheat
varieties.  The United States also provides specialized training opportunities
to Pakistani wheat scientists.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved

                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 16, 1999, Tuesday

Argentina rallies support for citrus imports in US

BYLINE: BY KEVIN G. HALL

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 805 words


Argentina's citrus industry is garnering support from some Florida growers,
multinational companies and lawmakers to improve its access to the U. S. citrus
market.

The industry's efforts seek to unite those who would benefit from a change in
U.S. policy, and counter opposition from California citrus growers, who oppose
the change.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
(Aphis) wrapped up its second hearing last week on a plan to allow Argentina
oranges, grapefruits and lemons to enter the United States. The Aphis proposal
would admit Argentine fruit from northwestern Argentina for the first time in 85
years.

Three plant diseases - citrus canker, citrus black spot and sweet orange scab -
are prevalent in northwestern Argentina.

California growers attacked the opening as a dangerous precedent, since it would
admit fruit under a so-called systems approach that does not require eradication
of disease but instead allows for mitigation and suppression of symptoms.

Argentina growers and their supporters in the United States are fighting back.

""If this issue is based on sound science, Aphis will have to publish a final
rule in favor of importing Argentine citrus into the United States,'' said
Xavier Equihua, vice president of Federal Strategies Group and U.S.
representative for the Argentine Phytosanitary Association of the Northwest -
the Argentine exporters group seeking liberalization.

Aphis is proposing 17 mitigating factors to reduce the likelihood of any
infestation of U.S. crops by the imports, he said. The approach is similar to
that demanded by Europe for export of Florida citrus and of Argentine citrus,
Mr. Equihua said, noting Chile - which prohibits U.S. citrus - allows in
Argentine products.

While sound science is supposed to be the criteria, the issue in the battle
between Argentine and California growers is lemons and it is political.

Under the Aphis proposal, treatment requirements are so onerous that most
oranges and grapefruits will not be priced competitively. But Argentina is the
world's second-largest exporter of lemons, and its lemons are not subject to
cold treatment to eradicate pest infestation. It could export anywhere from
5,000 to 25,000 metric tons of product to the United States if allowed access.

The fruit is generally a year-round fruit, but Argentine growers feel they can
fill a market void during the slow summer months in the United States, which is
winter below the equator in Argentina and the prime harvest time.

Like most politicized agriculture battles, interest groups are falling into
camps. California growers have assembled strong Congressional support. But the
Argentines have the backing of the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee,
William Roth, R-Del. The seaports of Wilmington, Del., Philadelphia and Seattle
also have voiced support for importing Argentine citrus.

""The adoption of the proposed rule will help increase the trade between our two
countries, but not threaten domestic citrus production, which occurs primarily
in the winter,'' Sen. Roth wrote in a Feb. 5 letter to Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman.

In a similar letter late last month, Sen. Robert Torricelli, D-N.J., wrote,
""The importationof Argentinian citrus products in the United States will
greatly benefit New Jersey. The addition of citrus from Argentina will enhance
the development of Delaware River ports by increasing imports during a
relatively slow period.''

Taking a different tack, Rep. Mike Castle, R-Del., wrote Mr. Glickman last year
asking the U.S. trade representative negotiate for special access for U. S.
products in Argentina during that country's summer season. He noted the Port of
Wilmington ""already imports pears and lemons from Central and South America and
has spent millions updating its facilities.

Testifying last week in California, the chief operating officer of Citromax -
one of Argentina's largest producers and processors of lemons in northwest
Argentina - noted there is already integration between Argentine products and
U.S. multinationals. Vivian Glueck said that her New Jersey-based family
company, Citroil Enterprises, owns Citromax and is building a new packing house
in Tucaman, Argentina.

Citromax exports lemons to big European producers in Italy and Spain. U.S.
chains such as A&P and Safeway support the entry of Argentine products to the
United States.

Another producer, San Martin del Tabacal, is owned and operated by U.S. shipping
and agriculture company Seaboard Marine, she said.

The executive director of SA San Miguel, a major producer and packer in Tucaman,
testified in California that in 1995 it became the first Argentine importer of
Sunkist lemons during Argentina's winter months (summer in the Northern
Hemisphere).

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 17, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: WEEKLY - VA; Pg. V07

LENGTH: 488 words


The following is a report of how some major bills fared recently in Congress and
a record of how local members of Congress voted.

NV means Not Voting.

HOUSE VOTES

SUICIDE

For-398/Against-16

The House passed a bill banning the use of federal funds for assisted suicides
such as those administered by Jack Kevorkian. Such funding already is
prohibited. But the bill anticipates that the U.S. Supreme Court soon may rule
that doctor-assisted suicide is a constitutional right. It bans funding through
programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, veterans' health care and federal
employees' medical insurance for death by euthanasia (mercy killings) and
Kevorkian-style assisted suicides. The bill exempts deaths that occur
voluntarily under the terms of a "living will," a document authorizing doctors
to withhold life-support from hopelessly comatose patients.

................... YES ... NO ... NV

MARYLAND

Bartlett (R) ...... X

Cardin (D) ........ X

Ehrlich (R) ....... X

Gilchrest (R) ..... X

Hoyer (D) ......... X

Cummings (D)....... X

Morella (R) ....... X

Wynn (D) .......... X

VIRGINIA

Davis (R) ......... X

Moran (D) ......... X

Wolf (R) .......... X

Bateman (R) ....... X

Bliley (R) ........ X

RURAL HOUSING

For-397/Against-14

The House sent the Senate a bill authorizing a new program of rental housing for
the rural poor. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's "section 538" program would
use taxpayer dollars to guarantee private loans. Private developers, nonprofits
and government agencies would use the loans to build and maintain low-cost
units. If the borrower defaults, the Treasury would repay the loan.

................... YES ... NO ... NV

MARYLAND

Bartlett (R) ...... X

Cardin (D) ........ X

Ehrlich (R) ....... X

Gilchrest (R) ..... X

Hoyer (D) ......... X

Cummings (D)....... X

Morella (R) ....... X

Wynn (D) .......... X

VIRGINIA

Davis (R) ......... X

Moran (D) ......... X

Wolf (R) .......... X

Bateman (R) ....... X

Bliley (R) ........ X

SENATE VOTES

NUCLEAR WASTE

For-72/Against-24

Senators advanced a bill designating a Department of Energy facility at Yucca
Mountain, Nev., to receive the nation's commercial nuclear waste. The vote
tabled (killed) an amendment giving governors power to block radioactive
shipments through their states toward the site 90 miles northwest of Las Vegas.
The bill remained in debate. It designates Yucca Mountain to begin serving as an
interim, above-ground repository in the near future. By 2010 or later, permanent
underground storage would begin, under terms of the bill. A yes vote opposed
empowering governors to veto nuclear waste shipments through their states.

................... YES ... NO ... NV

MARYLAND

Mikulski (D) .............. X

Sarbanes (D) .............. X

VIRGINIA

Robb (D) .......... X

Warner (R) ..........X

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post

                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            November 6, 1987, Friday

US STILL HOLDS THE TRUMP CARD IN STRONG HAND

BYLINE: FRANCES WILLIAMS; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: GENEVA


The United States still wields the most clout in the organization that
administers the world's trading rules, although it no longer dominates
international trade as it once did.

Last year it lost its ranking as the world's top exporter to West Germany, ainly
because of the falling dollar, and Japan is coming up fast.

But the United States remains the world's biggest and most sophisticated market
and still has the most influence in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

It was the United States that pressed most vigorously for the new round to be
launched and largely dictated its agenda. Other countries see the commitment of
the Reagan administration to GATT, and its ability to fend off the protectionist
challenge from Congress, as being crucial to the success of the negotiations.

"How the United States behaves is critical for the future of GATT," says Michael
Cartland, head of the Hong Kong office in Geneva and one of the most respected
GATT negotiators. "If it becomes inward-looking and protection- oriented that
could have a very bad effect on GATT."

The Reagan administration shares that view and is trying to convince Congress
that the best way to achieve a "level playing field" is through the GATT
negotiations.

"We need to broaden the playing field as well," says Michael Samuels, U.S.
ambassador to GATT. "We need to extend multilateral disciplines to wider sectors
of world trade."

U.S. priorities in the new round launched last year in Uruguay are clear: to
tackle the chaos in agricultural trade; to establish fair trade rules for
services, foreign investment and intellectual property; and to strengthen GATT
itself.

If that results in more criticism of U.S. trade policy, "we're prepared to have
that happen." Mr. Samuels says. "The important thing is to make GATT more
credible."

In this respect the United States has an unlikely backer in the European
Community.

"It's true, we weren't too keen on the round at first," concedes Jonathan
Scheele of the EC Mission in Geneva. "That's partly because we feared the round
would concentrate on agriculture."

The community insisted at preliminary talks last year in Punta del Este,
Uruguay, that agriculture would be treated only as part of the overall
negotiating package and not singled out for special (or early) treatment. Having
won that assurance it has become an enthusiastic supporter of the round.

"We need the GATT," Mr. Scheele says. "If GATT did not exist the United States
would salami us."

The Europeans also reckon they stand to gain a lot from more liberal trade in
services and better rules on intellectual property and investment.

Even on agriculture there has been a sea change. The community, under threat of
bankruptcy, has been forced to face the need for reform. Its proposals, which
would keep in place many of the protectionist mechanisms that prop up the EC's
Common Agricultural Policy, come nowhere near meeting demands of the United
States and others for a complete phase-out of subsidies and other barriers to
trade. But "the fact that they have a proposal at all is a positive sign," Mr.
Samuels says.

Difficult negotiations lie ahead.

"We need more effective GATT rules on agriculture," Mr. Scheele says. ''But you
can't treat cereals like machine tools. In every country in the world
agriculture is more than just agriculture policy."

That's certainly true for Japan whose heavily protected rice farmers are a
powerful political lobby. But Mr. Scheele thinks Japan probably has an even
bigger stake in the success of GATT than the community.

"GATT is indispensable," agrees Yuji Ikeda, a senior negotiator for Japan in
Geneva. Alarmed by the tensions generated by its huge trade surplus, especially
with the United States and Europe, Japan has been a staunch supporter of the new
round from the start.

Mr. Ikeda says Japan's interests are very similar to those of the United States.
He singles out services, intellectual property and investment.

Japan is investing heavily abroad to beat import restrictions and avoid rising
home costs due to the high value of the yen.

Japan also is interested in reinforcing GATT's disputes settlement procedure
(which it has never used) and strengthening GATT's authority, especially through
surveillance of country policies. Japan itself has proposed regular country
reviews by GATT of the top 30 traders to scrutinize trade policies and their
impact at home and abroad.

"We're ready to be the subject of transparency, provided the reviews are
objective and fair," Mr. Ikeda says.

As it is with the European Community, agriculture probably will prove the big
sticking point with Japan. The Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation
and Development says Japanese farmers are the most heavily subsidized in the
industrial world.

"We are in favor of better rules for agriculture and increased market access,"
Mr. Ikeda says. "But letting market forces play a 100 percent role is something
different. Total abolition of all market barriers would be a problem for us."

On issues involving agriculture trade, most developing countries line up firmly
behind the United States and the Cairns Group of agricultural exporters in
wanting an end to the subsidy war and freer access to industrial country
markets.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 15, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Government Corn Sales Criticized

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 14


President Reagan's budget officials are putting pressure on the Agriculture
Department to immediately sell millions of bushels of Government-owned corn,
raising fears that farm prices will drop, a Congressman from the Middle West
said today.

''A decision now to dump Government-owned corn stocks, just when farmers are at
long last getting some price relief to offset record interest rates and soaring
operating costs, would be a severe blow to producers,'' said Representative
Patrick Roberts, Republican of Kansas.

Representative Roberts, a member of the House Agriculture Committee, urged David
A. Stockman, the budget director, in a letter today to abandon what he called
''unannounced plans to dump'' the corn.

Top Agriculture Department officials acknowledged that the Commodity Credit
Corporation, the Federal agency responsible for disposal of crop surpluses, had
begun selling limited quantities of the more than 250 million bushels of corn
under Government ownership, nearly 160 million bushels of which were acquired
after shipments to the Soviet Union were curtailed early in 1980 in retaliation
for Soviet military intervention in Afghanistan.

''There are and have been some corn sales made in the United States,'' said Tom
Hammer, Deputy Under Secretary of Agriculture for International Affairs and
Commodity Programs. ''But we're doing it in such a way that there is no impact
on the market.''

Mr. Hammer said Mr Stockman and his staff had urged expedited sale of the
Government stocks so the Federal investment in them could be recovered.

''We think we have the ability to determine how best we can accomplish the goal
of selling this corn,'' he said. ''That's not to say that Director Stockman
wouldn't want it sold faster.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Abbotsford Times (British Columbia)

                             March 8, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Van Dongen strikes back against U.S. beef block: Calls for tit-for-tat measures
on our side

BYLINE: Christina Toth, The Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 764  words


No more Mr. Nice Guy, said B.C.'s agriculture minister. John van Dongen called
for the federal government to close the Port of Vancouver to live Hawaiian beef
that hold over in the city before being moved to United States markets.

In light of recent American manouevres to keep the border closed to Canadian
beef that are based on protectionism and not science, that kind of hospitality
can't go on, he said Friday.

"We're writing to federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell, asking him to
rescind an agreement with the U.S. Department of Agriculture to allow Hawaiian
cattle, bound for the U.S., to move through the Port of Vancouver. This
situation is no longer acceptable and should be suspended," van Dongen said
during a Friday conference call.

The demand was also sent to David Peterson, federal Minister for International
Trade. MAFF's deputy minister Bud Graham was talking with Dick Fadden, head of
the Canadian Food Inspection Agency, to determine how and when the process would
work, said van Dongen.

Since the spring of 2004, the Canadian government, through the CFIA, has allowed
11,000 head of Hawaiian beef a year into Vancouver and rest for 15 days before
the animals are shipped to the U.S.

Van Dongen said he told Mitchell in November B.C. was not happy, but the
province was prepared to live with the agreement then as progress toward the
border opening was moving positively.

"But given the politicization of the rulings made in the United States, at least
by the Senate and the court and possibly some other groups, and the complete
departure from the scientific information, we're no longer prepared to
continue," van Dongen said.

The United States banned all Canadian ruminants in May 2003, after an Alberta
cow was diagnosed with bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or BSE or mad cow
disease.

It opened the border in November 2003 to Canadian beef cuts, and after
determining that Canada's beef was among the safest in the world, U.S.
Agriculture Department officials said they would lift the ban March 7 to live
cattle under 30 months old.

Van Dongen's tough stance came the day after the United States Senate voted to
continue the ban against Canadian cattle, and two days after a Montana judge
granted an injunction to a U.S. beef lobby group to fight the ban.

The judge encouraged the lobby group to pursue a permanent ban, saying that
allowing Canadian beef in could damage the U.S. beef sector's reputation.

Having the cattle go through Vancouver to benefit the U.S. economy, while
Canada's beef producers have lost up to $7 billion due to the ban, was causing
"deep upset" among B.C. ranchers, van Dongen said.

That same message was also brought to him by several MLAs throughout the
province.

The situation was particularly galling when the United States refused to allow
Canadian breeding stock to travel through the States to Mexico, he said.

"It is difficult to explain the fairness of this," said van Dongen.

Before the mad cow issue came up, most Canadian beef was shipped live to
slaughterhouses and feed lots in the United States.

While the U.S. now allows beef cuts, the ban continues on live cattle, bison,
deer and other ruminants.

Abattoirs and feed lots in some American states are suffering as their source of
beef has disappeared.

U.S. consumers are paying higher prices for their steaks, but American ranchers
are happy about the higher prices they're getting.

Meanwhile, there's been a glut of beef in Canada, which doesn't have enough
processing plants to handle the production, nor can the domestic market consume
all we produce.

The situation, however, is changing, said van Dongen.

"We have ramped up processing facilities quite considerably in Canada and will
continue that pace and we are aggressively pursuing other markets," van Dongen
said.

He added that the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture is aware of that and the
long-term economic effects the loss of Canadian beef could have in the States.

"I think the U.S. government realizes the serious implications to their
economy," said van Dongen.

Plus, the American government itself wants the border open, van Dongen added.

The agriculture minister said Premier Gordon Campbell supports his demand.

His ministry's initiative was not part of a concentrated effort by the province
and was independent of warnings of economic retaliation given last week by
Minister of Forests Mike de Jong, in regards to possible retaliation tactics on
American-made wines.

The World Trade Council court has given Canada leave to impose trade sanctions
of $15 million against the U.S. in regard to softwood lumber trade disputes.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: John van Dongen ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Abbotsford Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 18, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Wheat Paces Advance In Grain and Soybeans

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 335 words


Grain and soybean futures prices were higher in moderate trading yesterday on
the Chicago Board of Trade.

Wheat prices led the advance as reports of new export possibilities prompted
buying, particularly by major exporters, analysts said.

The Agriculture Department announced that Turkey would be eligible to buy
500,000 tons of United States wheat under the export bonus program, and a
national organization of wheat growers asked the Agriculture Department to make
the Soviet Union eligible for purchases under the program.

The closing of the St. Lawrence Seaway also may have prompted buying in the
wheat pit, as Canada will be unable to ship its product out, and buyers may have
turned to the United States, analysts said.

Corn and soybean prices were supported by the forecast for rain in some areas of
the Corn Belt, which will delay the harvest.

Livestock Pries Mixed

Livestock and meat prices were mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Signals from cash markets were mixed, said Phil Stanley, a livestock analyst in
Chicago with Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc.

He said some traders became concerned that the recent rally might have run its
course and prices were due for a setback.

Mr. Stanley noted that cash wholesale prices for beef carcasses were lower,
indicating weaker demand. Demand for live animals was strong. Prices were
stronger earlier in the session, ''but the market generally acted tired on the
rally,'' Mr. Stanley said Precious metals prices were slightly higher in dull
trading on the Commodity Exchange in New York.

Currency values continued to dominate the metals markets, said Marty McNeill, a
metals analyst in New York with Dominick & Dominick.

Petroleum Futures Up

Petroleum futures prices were mostly higher on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

A weekly report on oil inventories from the American Petroleum Institute was the
major factor supporting prices, said Ed Dellamonte, a petroleum analyst in New
York with Prudential-Bache Securities.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 5, 1980, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

A New Brie Now Available

BYLINE: By FLORENCE FABRICANT

SECTION: Section C; Page 19, Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 461 words


Brie at its best, as it is enjoyed in France, is fragrant and mellow within a
snowy crust tinged, when it is ripe, with gold and copper. Theoretically, it has
been impossible to obtain on this side of the Atlantic. That is because the
United States Department of Agriculture requires that any cheese aged less than
60 days be made from pasteurized milk. Since Bries are usually ready within 50
to 55 days of manufacture, unpasteurized Brie, capable of maturing to a full
richness instead of merely remaining pleasantly bland and then spoiling, is
illegal here.

Although Bries made in the old-fashioned manner are sometimes available in
specialty food shops, they have not been imported with the official stamp of
approval. But this fall, Macy's Cellar began importing unpasteurized Bries that
have been aged the 60 days that the Federal Government has determined is enough
to destroy potentially harmful bacteria.

Two varieties of Brie made from raw milk, Brie de Meaux and Brie de Melun, are
on sale in The Cellar. Brie de Meaux, named for the town of Meaux just east of
Paris in the pasture region called ''La Brie,'' has long been considered the
superior Brie. Today Bries made in other parts of France may also be called ''de
Meaux,'' so the term is no longer a guarantee of quality. ''Brie de Melun,''
from the town of Melun in the same region, is a strict appellation, however.

We sampled the raw milk Brie de Melun from two different shipments and it proved
to be superb. It was ripe through and through, with a perfect, satiny texture
and a thin crust that adhered to the cheese.  An aroma of fresh mushrooms and a
full, complex, nut-like flavor distinguished it. The raw milk Brie de Meaux was
milder, with a somewhat rubbery texture that seemed quite similar to that of a
good pasteurized Brie.

It was possible to age these Bries 60 days before shipping by lowering the
temperature to slow the curing process. Their shelf life is about two weeks.
Stephen Fass, vice president of Macy's, who had engaged the company of Martin
Collet in France to attempt the longer aging process, suggested that the Brie de
Melun was better than the Brie de Meaux because the cheese is slightly thicker
than the Brie de Meaux and responds more favorably to the delayed ripening.

''When the first shipment arrived we had to throw it away,'' said Mr. Fass. ''It
was held up for over a month due to a dock strike in France. The second shipment
was worth waiting for.''

Macy's Cellar is receiving regular but limited shipments of raw milk Brie de
Melun and Brie de Meaux. The price of the cheeses is $7.90 a pound.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 23, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Block Warns of Farm Trouble

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section D; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Aug. 22


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said today it may be necessary for some
farmers to lose their businesses so the entire troubled farm industry can be
freed from ''heavy-handed'' Government policy.

''Whatever farm policy we adopt, we are going to lose some farmers,'' Mr. Block
said. ''The credit crunch is not over. We're going to have a tough winter. We
must reduce subsidies that encourage production.''

Mr. Block, speaking at the Agriculture Department's food safety and nutrition
editor's conference, predicted there would be more foreclosures against
Midwestern farmers, but said it was necessary.

''For the past 50 years government has been trying to protect farmers into
prosperity and profitability,'' he said. ''What do we have to show for all this
help? We have a weakened agricultural sector that lurches from crisis to crisis,
from Band-Aid to Band-Aid.''

Deregulation is likely to hurt farmers, decrease food supplies and increase
prices, but Mr. Block said these are ''small prices to pay'' for saving the
troubled farm industry.

He said the belt-tightening must begin immediately, starting with the new
agricultural bill, and that President Reagan will take an active role in forming
the bill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: U.S. Forest Service Encourages Participation in Public Lands Day

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Forest Service is offering a fee-free day on Sept. 27, 2014 in
conjunction with the 21st annual National Public Lands Day (NPLD), the Nation's
largest, single-day volunteer effort for public lands projects that ensure
sustainable ecosystems and promote vibrant communities.

"On National Public Lands Day, we welcome you to join trail maintenance
projects, campouts, shoreline cleanups and much more," said U.S. Forest Chief
Tom Tidwell. "Volunteering on a project on this special day will provide a rare
opportunity to learn about safe outdoor recreation and natural resources
conservation, and may even offer a glimpse of wildlife that you don't get to see
every day."

National Public Lands DayThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. began in 1994 with
three sites and 700 volunteers. It proved to be a huge success and became a
yearly tradition, typically held on the last Saturday in September. Since the
first NPLD, the event has grown by leaps and bounds. In 2013, about 175,000
volunteers served at 2,237 sites in every state, the District of Columbia, Guam
and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

Nearly 108,000 volunteers and service members contributed 4.3 million hours on
critical projects on national forests, grasslands and prairies last year. Their
service was valued at close to $94 million.

Nationwide, the Forest Service has registered over 156 sites across the United
States and Puerto Rico. As an agency that manages public lands, the Forest
Service highlights National Public Lands Day projects on national forests and
grasslands that include connections to wilderness and youth engagement in
conservation stewardship, education and outdoor recreation.

The following projects were selected as National Signature Events, based on
demonstrated commitment to conservation stewardship:

Sawmill Gulch TrailheadThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., Missoula, Montana
    Spring Mountains National Recreation AreaThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website., Las Vegas, Nevada
    Grey Towers National Historic SiteThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.,
Milford, Pennsylvania

All three projects will focus on expanding volunteerism, engaging diverse
communities, 21st Century Conservation Service Corps and the Wilderness 50th
Anniversary.

Several other Federal agencies are also observing National Public Lands Day. To
find an event near you, visit the NPLDThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.
website.

The Forest Service also offers fee-free days in honor of Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, National Get Outdoors Day and Veterans Day. Fees are waived generally for
day use areas, such as picnic grounds, developed trailheads and destination
visitor centers. Fees are not waived for concessionaire-operated facilities or
for overnight use such as camping or recreation rentals. Contact your local
national forest to learn if your destination requires a fee and if that fee is
waived.

The mission of the Forest Service, part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
is to sustain the health, diversity, and productivity of the Nation's forests
and grasslands to meet the needs of present and future generations. The agency
manages 193 million acres of public land, provides assistance to state and
private landowners, and maintains the largest forestry research organization in
the world. Public lands the Forest Service manages contribute more than $13
billion to the economy each year through visitor spending alone. Those same
lands provide 20 percent of the Nation's clean water supply, a value estimated
at $7.2 billion per year. The agency has either a direct or indirect role in
stewardship of about 80 percent of the 850 million forested acres within the
U.S., of which 100 million acres are urban forests where most Americans live.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: U.S. Forest Service Encourages Participation in Public Lands Day

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Forest Service is offering a fee-free day on Sept. 27, 2014 in
conjunction with the 21st annual National Public Lands Day (NPLD), the Nation's
largest, single-day volunteer effort for public lands projects that ensure
sustainable ecosystems and promote vibrant communities.

"On National Public Lands Day, we welcome you to join trail maintenance
projects, campouts, shoreline cleanups and much more," said U.S. Forest Chief
Tom Tidwell. "Volunteering on a project on this special day will provide a rare
opportunity to learn about safe outdoor recreation and natural resources
conservation, and may even offer a glimpse of wildlife that you don't get to see
every day."

National Public Lands DayThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. began in 1994 with
three sites and 700 volunteers. It proved to be a huge success and became a
yearly tradition, typically held on the last Saturday in September. Since the
first NPLD, the event has grown by leaps and bounds. In 2013, about 175,000
volunteers served at 2,237 sites in every state, the District of Columbia, Guam
and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

Nearly 108,000 volunteers and service members contributed 4.3 million hours on
critical projects on national forests, grasslands and prairies last year. Their
service was valued at close to $94 million.

Nationwide, the Forest Service has registered over 156 sites across the United
States and Puerto Rico. As an agency that manages public lands, the Forest
Service highlights National Public Lands Day projects on national forests and
grasslands that include connections to wilderness and youth engagement in
conservation stewardship, education and outdoor recreation.

The following projects were selected as National Signature Events, based on
demonstrated commitment to conservation stewardship:

Sawmill Gulch TrailheadThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., Missoula, Montana
    Spring Mountains National Recreation AreaThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website., Las Vegas, Nevada
    Grey Towers National Historic SiteThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.,
Milford, Pennsylvania

All three projects will focus on expanding volunteerism, engaging diverse
communities, 21st Century Conservation Service Corps and the Wilderness 50th
Anniversary.

Several other Federal agencies are also observing National Public Lands Day. To
find an event near you, visit the NPLDThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.
website.

The Forest Service also offers fee-free days in honor of Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, National Get Outdoors Day and Veterans Day. Fees are waived generally for
day use areas, such as picnic grounds, developed trailheads and destination
visitor centers. Fees are not waived for concessionaire-operated facilities or
for overnight use such as camping or recreation rentals. Contact your local
national forest to learn if your destination requires a fee and if that fee is
waived.

The mission of the Forest Service, part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
is to sustain the health, diversity, and productivity of the Nation's forests
and grasslands to meet the needs of present and future generations. The agency
manages 193 million acres of public land, provides assistance to state and
private landowners, and maintains the largest forestry research organization in
the world. Public lands the Forest Service manages contribute more than $13
billion to the economy each year through visitor spending alone. Those same
lands provide 20 percent of the Nation's clean water supply, a value estimated
at $7.2 billion per year. The agency has either a direct or indirect role in
stewardship of about 80 percent of the 850 million forested acres within the
U.S., of which 100 million acres are urban forests where most Americans live.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: U.S. Forest Service Encourages Participation in Public Lands Day

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Forest Service is offering a fee-free day on Sept. 27, 2014 in
conjunction with the 21st annual National Public Lands Day (NPLD), the Nation's
largest, single-day volunteer effort for public lands projects that ensure
sustainable ecosystems and promote vibrant communities.

"On National Public Lands Day, we welcome you to join trail maintenance
projects, campouts, shoreline cleanups and much more," said U.S. Forest Chief
Tom Tidwell. "Volunteering on a project on this special day will provide a rare
opportunity to learn about safe outdoor recreation and natural resources
conservation, and may even offer a glimpse of wildlife that you don't get to see
every day."

National Public Lands DayThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. began in 1994 with
three sites and 700 volunteers. It proved to be a huge success and became a
yearly tradition, typically held on the last Saturday in September. Since the
first NPLD, the event has grown by leaps and bounds. In 2013, about 175,000
volunteers served at 2,237 sites in every state, the District of Columbia, Guam
and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

Nearly 108,000 volunteers and service members contributed 4.3 million hours on
critical projects on national forests, grasslands and prairies last year. Their
service was valued at close to $94 million.

Nationwide, the Forest Service has registered over 156 sites across the United
States and Puerto Rico. As an agency that manages public lands, the Forest
Service highlights National Public Lands Day projects on national forests and
grasslands that include connections to wilderness and youth engagement in
conservation stewardship, education and outdoor recreation.

The following projects were selected as National Signature Events, based on
demonstrated commitment to conservation stewardship:

Sawmill Gulch TrailheadThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., Missoula, Montana
    Spring Mountains National Recreation AreaThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website., Las Vegas, Nevada
    Grey Towers National Historic SiteThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.,
Milford, Pennsylvania

All three projects will focus on expanding volunteerism, engaging diverse
communities, 21st Century Conservation Service Corps and the Wilderness 50th
Anniversary.

Several other Federal agencies are also observing National Public Lands Day. To
find an event near you, visit the NPLDThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.
website.

The Forest Service also offers fee-free days in honor of Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, National Get Outdoors Day and Veterans Day. Fees are waived generally for
day use areas, such as picnic grounds, developed trailheads and destination
visitor centers. Fees are not waived for concessionaire-operated facilities or
for overnight use such as camping or recreation rentals. Contact your local
national forest to learn if your destination requires a fee and if that fee is
waived.

The mission of the Forest Service, part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
is to sustain the health, diversity, and productivity of the Nation's forests
and grasslands to meet the needs of present and future generations. The agency
manages 193 million acres of public land, provides assistance to state and
private landowners, and maintains the largest forestry research organization in
the world. Public lands the Forest Service manages contribute more than $13
billion to the economy each year through visitor spending alone. Those same
lands provide 20 percent of the Nation's clean water supply, a value estimated
at $7.2 billion per year. The agency has either a direct or indirect role in
stewardship of about 80 percent of the 850 million forested acres within the
U.S., of which 100 million acres are urban forests where most Americans live.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 17, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

REAPING INTELLIGENCE DOWN ON THE FARM

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 3; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1085 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Despite President Reagan's offer last week to sell 23 million metric tons of
American grain this year to the Soviet Union, which is facing its poorest wheat
and corn harvest in seven years, the Agriculture Department predicts that Moscow
isn't likely to import as much as it did last year.

The department thinks it knows this because its intelligence sources report that
other Soviet farmers are bringing in more sugar beets and bigger forage and
oilseed crops to supplement the livestock feeds they have had to buy from the
United States, Argentina and Canada.

As trade in farm commodities has become more and more important to the United
States, the department has stepped up its efforts to monitor agriculture
worldwide - such matters as how much land has been planted, the health of crops,
who may be interested in buying them, whether there are any problems in
transporting or storing them, and whether countries are trying to increase meat
supplies. (At various times last week the department was also disclosing that
the land Yugoslavia has planted in sunflowers, its principal source of edible
oil, is down 28 percent from last year. And that Australia, suffering a severe
drought, is preparing to import wheat instead of exporting it.)

These intelligence-gathering efforts, so far as can be determined, are overt.
Much of the information is gathered by a corps of agriculture attaches, the
department's eyes and ears abroad, who operate from United States embassies.

During the past five years the Agriculture Department's intelligence
capabilities have been greatly enhanced by four factors: a slight loosening of
travel restrictions in the Soviet Union and much easier movement in China and an
information exchange program with that country; refinement of data gathered by a
satellite specially programmed for farm information; improvement in satellite
reporting of weather; and the installation of a dataprocessing network linking
the agriculture attaches with Washington.

The forecasting of United States crop production is based, as it has been for
the past 30 years, on first determining how many acres are planted in the basic
crops, then enumerator surveys of 16,000 representative crop areas, and finally
estimating the average peracre yield that can be expected. At home, meat
production is projected by tabulating livestock counts in the 16,000 enumerator
areas and adding in monthly reports by farmers and livestock feeders indicating
how many animals they intend to raise and feed.

But the gathering of similar farm intelligence in many foreign countries,
particularly in the Soviet Union and China, is neither as easy nor as
straightforward. Cuba is off limits entirely. And this year Russia has limited
the travel of attaches to three tours of their farm areas, all of them
restricted as to where and when the aides could go. There are no similar
limitations on trips through China, although distances are so great there and
transportation to the outer provinces so spotty that it is difficult for the
Americans to see much.

Satellites fill many of these gaps. Every 18 days Landsat passes over all
farming areas of the Soviet Union, China, India and over all the other major
crop-producing countries of the world, including Argentina, Brazil, Canada and
Australia, this country's biggest competitors in international farm commodity
trade.
Snooping by the Numbers

And this year a Houston-based unit of the Foreign Agriculture Service has been
borrowing sensings from meteorological satellites now in polar orbit. While the
satellites still can't discern exactly what crops have been planted, they can
detect which areas are under cultivation. And they can show whether these areas
are planted in row crops, such as corn or soybeans, or in small grains, such as
wheat or barley.

Using numbers recorded by the satellites' sensors from 500 miles in the sky, the
analysts make laser beam recordings that can be transformed into color pictures.
From the density of the colors, they can tell whether the crops in foreign
fields are getting enough moisture, how fast they are growing, and whether any
parts of them have been flooded or eroded and destroyed.

But the attaches on the ground, according to Robert Torrens, chief of the
F.A.S.'s foreign production division, are still the primary harvesters of
information. This is the case even in the countries where their travel is either
restricted or arduous and where livestock counts are difficult to obtain.

Though no other nation produces as much agricultural intelligence as the United
States, all major farm countries, including the Soviet Union, publish some
agricultural reports and forecasts, Mr. Torrens said.

Most of them, including Russia, also publish weather reports, although the
Soviet reports are not systematic and those from the provinces are often meager.
The Russians usually publish grain and livestock production goals. But in some
years they do not disclose their success in meeting these goals. Moscow also
often publishes the number of acres planted, but rarely specifies which crops
have been planted in what quantities.

Recently, the Soviet press has been surprisingly candid in reporting the
problems of certain collectives in planting or harvesting crops or keeping their
livestock herds up to prescribed levels, Mr. Torrens said. ''They seem to be
using these reports to shame their farmers and whip them up into more efficient
operations.''

All the published farm reports, the satellite sensings, the weather reports and
the accounts of attache visits that flow into Washington each week are parts of
the puzzle the forecasters put together.  ''We've come a very long way, even in
the past three years, in gathering the information we need to forecast the size
of other country's crops, how much they'll be able to export or will have to
import, and whether their economy is good enough to buy what they need in grain
and meat,'' Mr. Torrens said.

''Even so, there are no magic formulas for crop forecasting and no means of
being absolutely sure,'' he said. ''Good forecasting results from hard work,
good judgment and a hell of a lot of luck.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of harvester satellite photo

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                January 7, 2016

Davies announces Agoa breakthrough

BYLINE: Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 326 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US and SA have resolved their differences over the Agoa trade
agreement, Trade and Industry Minister Rob Davies has revealed.


Cape Town -Rob Davies, the minister of trade and industry, announced on Thursday
that there had been a breakthrough in outstanding matters over Agoa - allowing
the agriculture and automotive sectors in South Africa to continue to derive
trade benefits of entry into the United States.In return, South Africa would
accept imports of 65 000 tonnes of poultry a year from the United States,
subject to a rigorous health checking process. South African and US diplomats -
advised by veterinarians from both sides - forged agreements on outstanding
matters concerning various diseases affecting meats imported from the US,
including salmonella and avian flu.South Africa will now allow imports of
poultry and pork that satisfy health standards in the US.The announcement by
Davies will come as a relief to the agriculture and automative industries -
particularly BMW and Mercedes, which stand to benefit from continued absence of
tariff barriers through Agoa.Davies said: "There has been a satisfactory
conclusion [to negotiations] ... we will get 65 000 tonnes [of poultry] per
annum from the United States."While it was reported that the US could impose a
suspension of importation of agriculture products from South Africa barrier
free, this now falls away. This means that South Africa's citrus industry -
which exports about 110 000 tonnes a year to the United States - will save about
$6-million in duties every year.Altogether about 62 000 jobs that benefit "in
one way or the other" by Agoa would now continue to be underpinned by the
16-year old Agoa agreement, reported Davies.

"Agoa remains a valuable opportunity for south African exporters."The minister -
who was flanked by the health and agriculture ministers at a press conference in
Pretoria but beamed to Cape Town - said there would be relief of about
$47-million in tariffs as a consequence of the agreement. Most of that benefit
would apply to the automotive sector in South Africa, he reported.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 12, 2007 Friday

Seoul to keep ban on high-risk U.S. beef

LENGTH: 433 words


The Korean government will maintain its ban on high-risk parts of U.S. beef
imports, in order to avert Mad Cow disease, and will stick to this position
during its two-day negotiations with the United States, which end in Seoul
today, government officials said yesterday.

Korea and the United States yesterday began two-day discussions to set new
conditions on U.S. beef imports at the National Veterinary Research and
Quarantine Service in southern Seoul, a Korean Agriculture Ministry spokesperson
said. Under a deal reached in January 2006, Korea has only allowed imports of
non-specified risk materials and boneless beef from cattle younger than 30
months old.

The United States has requested Korea to change its meat-quarantine guidelines
to permit imports of bone-in beef since the discovery of banned backbone parts
in a shipment to Seoul on Oct. 5, and Seoul has accepted this proposal.

Korean Agriculture Ministry officials, led by Lee Sang-kil, head of the
Agriculture Ministry's livestock bureau, have advocated not permitting the
import of specified risk materials and beef by-products like tails, intestines
and bones, ministry officials said.

"We will also continue the guidelines regarding the age limit of less than 30
months old," an official said.

Korean negotiators said that the U.S. side, led by Chuck Lambert, deputy
undersecretary for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, urged its Korean
counterparts to follow the May ruling by the World Organization for Animal
Health (OIE), which found U.S. beef to be safe for export, and to allow imports
of U.S. beef, regardless of the parts or age.

Under the standards stated by the OIE, cattle up to 30 months old is safe to
consume, as long as the intestines, brains, bones and other parts that could
transmit disease are removed. Imports of ribs, which are known to be less risky,
and which play a key role in trade, are expected to resume, according to
government sources. Korean negotiators, however, will not allow imports of SRMs,
intestines and bone parts that have yet to be verified as safe.

A coalition of 36 anti-FTA activist groups, in the meantime, held a
demonstration in front of the quarantine service to protest the negotiations and
any loosening of quarantine rules.

Korea resumed imports of American meat in January last year, partially lifting
the ban placed in December 2003 following the discovery of a case of Mad Cow
disease at a cattle farm in Washington state. U.S. beef is in high demand by
Korean consumers because of its price, which can be half as low as that of
Korean beef.

By Jeong Hyeon-ji

(hannahj@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   February 7, 1992, Friday, ONTARIO EDITION

U.S. using GATT to hurt farmers, minister says

BYLINE: BY SHAWN MCCARTHY TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The United States is targeting Canadian farmers with a GATT proposal that will
devastate dairy, poultry and egg producers here, says Ontario Agriculture
Minister Elmer Buchanan.

Buchanan and other provincial agriculture ministers yesterday called on the
federal government to step up its defence of Canada's supply management system,
which restrict imports of key commodities.

Both Buchanan and B.C. Agriculture Minister Bill Barlee accused the Americans of
trying to dismantle Canada's supply management programs.

"We should go to Washington and make our case in Washington," Buchanan said
after the provincial ministers met their federal counterpart, Bill McKnight. "We
defended it under the FTA (free trade agreement) and we have to do the same
thing now."

Barlee agreed.

"I think it's part of a grand scheme by the U.S. I believe they targeted us
under the FTA and they are now targeting our markets again under the GATT."

McKnight said the Europeans, as well as Americans, are not happy with Canada's
system of import restrictions.

"I believe there is a lack of truth to the statement that the Americans are
targeting Canada," McKnight said, adding that all agricultural producers are
being asked to sacrifice protectionist policies, including the United States.

But he added that Canada remains committed to supply management.

However, farm groups representing 38,000 dairy, egg and poultry producers are
worried about a potential softening of federal resolve. As many as 1,400 farmers
planned to demonstrate today at Agriculture Canada's Ottawa headquarters, where
the ministers are meeting.

A larger rally is planned for Parliament Hill on Feb. 21.

Buchanan said Ottawa must send out a clear signal that it would not accept a
GATT deal that threatened those farmers.

"At this point, we should say we are not going to sign a deal unless we have
supply management, even if it's modified a bit," Buchanan said.

Trade Minister Michael Wilson said yesterday Ottawa is continuing to fight for
supply management during the current GATT talks in Geneva.

However, Wilson has refused to rule out the possibility that the government may
have to drop its position to win a deal. In fact, last month, he said a new GATT
deal is simply too important to walk away from.


LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: ELMER BUCHANAN: Minister says Canada should protest to
Washington.

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 75370 - 75370
[FR DOC # 2016-26205]

LENGTH: 663  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request October
26, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments regarding this information collection received
by November 30, 2016 will be considered. Written comments should be addressed
to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th
Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their
comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service Title: Untreated Oranges, Tangerines, and Grapefruit From
Mexico Transiting the United States to Foreign Countries. OMB Control Number:
0579-0303. Summary of Collection: Under the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701
et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to prohibit or restrict the
importation, entry, or movement of plants and plant pests to prevent the
introduction of plant pests into the United States or their dissemination within
the United States. The Code of Federal Regulations, Sec. 352.30 addresses the
movement into or through the United States of untreated oranges, tangerines, and
grapefruit from Mexico that transit the United States en route to foreign
countries. Need and Use of the Information: The Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS) is taking action to provide additional protection
against the possible introduction of fruit flies via untreated oranges,
tangerines, and grapefruit from Mexico that transit the United States. Untreated
oranges, tangerines, and grapefruit from Mexico transiting the United States for
export to another country must be shipped in sealed, refrigerated containers and
insect-proof packaging. A transportation and export permit must be issued by an
inspector for shipments of untreated oranges, tangerines, and grapefruit from
Mexico, as well as an inspection certificate and notice of arrival. Without the
information, APHIS would not be able to allow the movement of untreated citrus
to transit the United States to foreign countries. Description of Respondents:
Business, importers. Number of Respondents: 3. Frequency of Responses:
Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden Hours: 26. Ruth Brown, Departmental
Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-26205 Filed 10-28-16;
8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-34-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

US providing $8.5 million in relief assistance for storm victims - Palace

BYLINE: Bernardette S. Sto. Domingo, Bernard U. Allauigan with Virgil B. Lopez

SECTION: Pg. S1/12

LENGTH: 659 words


The United States government has set aside $8.5 million (about P400 million) in
relief assistance for victims of recent storms, Malacanang announced yesterday.

Deputy Presidential Spokesman Anthony T. Golez, Jr. said the aid will be under
the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Food for Progress program
for the Philippines in the aftermath of tropical storm Ondoy (international
name: Ketsana) and typhoon Pepeng (international name: Parma).

He said US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack personally delivered the message
during a meeting with President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and Agriculture
Secretary Arthur C. Yap yesterday.

The allocations will involve the donation of 7,000 metric tons (MT) of rice and
680 MT of nonfat dry milk that are expected to benefit 438,000 Filipinos for 60
days.

"It would arrive anytime within one-month period," Mr. Golez told Palace
reporters.

The Philippines is the largest recipient of USDA food aid programs in Asia. In
2009, the USDA signed three Food for Progress agreements in the Philippines
valued at $25 million.

Also during the meeting, Mr. Vilsack informed the President that he had brought
with him a 20-man business mission to scout for investments primarily in the
agriculture sector.

"They are going to see the potentials of handling businesses here in the country
and at the same time to see the potentials of a joint venture with Filipino
businessmen and, as a matter of fact, they are also visiting Davao as part of
their itinerary to look into some business opportunities," Mr. Golez said.

Mr. Vilsack is leaving today while the trade mission will be in the country
until Friday.

Meanwhile, the Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA) wants more police powers
to relocate illegal settlers on waterways, seen as one of the culprits for
massive flooding in Metro Manila at the height of Ondoy.

In a hearing yesterday of the Senate committee on government corporations and
public enterprises chaired by Senator Richard J. Gordon, Edgardo C. Manda, LLDA
chairman, said hundreds of family settlers have "choked" the Manggahan floodway
and Napindan channel in Pasig City and prevented excess water from flowing to
Manila Bay, resulting in the overflow of Laguna de Bay.

For one, he cited a 20-meter passageway along the Manggahan floodway which
turned out to be only four meters due to the squatter colony.

Senate Bill (SB) 2534, authored by Senator Loren B. Legarda, and SB 3428 by Mr.
Gordon seek to amend Republic Act 4850 that created the LLDA and give it powers
to prevent squatters from clogging waterways.

While the LLDA exercises policy and planning, regulatory, coordinative and
developmental functions, it does not have control over projects affecting the
lake, said Mr. Gordon.

In a related development, the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA)
will shift clearing operations to flood-hit areas in Pasig and Taguig cities
from Marikina City this week.

MMDA Chairman Bayani F. Fernando yesterday said "100% of Marikina" has been
cleared of garbage and mud left by floods.

"We are formally terminating our relief, recovery and restoration operations in
Marikina City... we will move to Pasig and Taguig to continue cleanup operations
there."

He declined to set a definite timetable for the cleanup but assured Metro Manila
residents of "spending a tidy and jolly Christmas this year."

For his part, MMDA General Manager Roberto C. Nacianceno said Ondoy had left
behind 10 times the usual garbage accumulated in Metro Manila. The metropolis
dumps at least 6,000 tons of garbage a day, he said.

In a separate interview, Marikina Mayor Maria Lourdes C. Fernando said temporary
garbage facilities along Marcos Highway, barangays Sto. Nino and Nangka will be
removed in two weeks.

She said the MMDA had sprayed the streets, alleys and households as well as
waterways with disinfectant.

Ms. Fernando said the spraying operation in Marikina and in other flood-affected
areas would take at least a month.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 23, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Federal Worker Kills 2 And Himself in California

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 17; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 104 words

DATELINE: INGLEWOOD, Calif., April 22


An employee at the United States Department of Agriculture here shot to death
his supervisor and a union representative today, then killed himself, the police
said.

The three employees were in a meeting behind locked doors when other employees
heard shots this afternoon, said a police spokesman, Lieut. Hampton Cantrell.

The employee and union representative, both shot in the head, died at the scene,
10 miles southwest of downtown Los Angeles. The supervisor, who was shot in the
chest, died at a local hospital about 45 minutes after the shootings.

Counselors were dispatched to console distraught employees.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    April 19, 1989, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Subsidies review

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8, U.S. BUSINESS BRIEFS

LENGTH: 58 words


  U.S. Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said the Bush administration will
continue to consider agricultural export subsidies on a ''case-by-case basis''
while studying the long-term future of the so-called export enhancement program.
But Yeutter said the review will not affect any existing export subsidies to
various countries.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.

                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 7, 1988, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Agriculture dispute threatens GATT talks

BYLINE: Hyman Solomon

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: Montreal,Que.


  World trade talks entered their critical stage today with a crisis over
agriculture subsidies threatening to scuttle further progress in multilateral
trade liberalization.

Trade ministers and their officials met well into last night and were expected
to hold marathon sessions today to break the deadlock between the U.S. and the
European Community, the two giant protagonists in the dispute.

''If there is no settlement on agriculture, the whole GATT round could go into
gridlock,'' a senior Canadian official told The Post.

Trade ministers from 96 nations are gathered for a midterm review of the latest
round of GATT trade liberalization scheduled for completion in 1990.

The current round includes negotiations in several politically sensitive
sectors, including agriculture, services, and intellectual property - never
before incorporated under GATT discipline.

World Bank president Barber Conable told The Post both the U.S. and the EC had
reasonable positions on agriculture, but were endangering the overall talks with
their stubborness.

''I'm glad the Cairns group, (a group of middle size agricultural exporting
nations, including Canada), are still looking for compromises,'' said Conable.

The U.S. is insisting on a commitment to remove all trade-distorting subsidies
over an indefinite period. The EC, fearful of the political consequences such a
commitment, is seeking an immediate freeze on further subsidies, and gradual
reform of the problem over the longer term.

GATT delegates were divided over what failure over agriculture would spell for
the GATT round generally.

Some thought something could be salvaged, while others predicted the round would
grind to a halt, unleashing all forms of new protectionism, headed by an angry
U.S. Congress.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.

                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

Amazonian energy: building climate resilience through the diversification of
agriculture

LENGTH: 137  words


Sector : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT
Subsector

: AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT-SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURAL DEVELOPMENT
Project Type : Loan Operation
Year and Category : 2016A
Project Status : Preparation
Description : Amazonian energy: building climate resilience through the
diversification of agriculture
Financial Information :


Estimated Country Counterpart Financing  : USD 600,000
Estimated IDB Financing :
Financing Type : SEP and Small Project Financing
Fund  : Ordinary Capital
Reporting currency : USD - United States Dollars
Amount  : USD 1,000,000
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : INTER-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK

Address : 1300 New York Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20577

Country :United States
Url : http://www.iadb.org /

Financier : INTER-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (IADB),

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

Child Mortality - Expert Rates Country' Nutritional Value Low

BYLINE: Obi Patrick

LENGTH: 316  words


A UNICEF nutrition specialist , Dr. Davis Omotola has rated the average
nutritional status of Nigerian children as low. Omotola who made the assessment
at a Protein Seminar entitled: "High Quality Proteins: The Missing Link in
Development" organised by Alltech

Nutrients in collaboration with the United States (US) Department of Agriculture
and US Protein Industry Groups in Lagos emphasised the importance of nutrition
in the first two years of a child's life which is the best time to curb protein
deficiency so as to prevent stunting and wasting.

Omotola stated that a recent study rated children from the Northern part of the
country as the worst hit by malnutrition. He added that the situation was
unfortunate as most of the nutritional food produce come from that part of the
country.

The UNICEF nutrition expert reiterated that the intake of nutritional food could
reduce child mortality by more than 50 per cent if mothers would exclusively
breast feed their babies between 0-5 months old and to compliment with
nutritional food between 6-24 months old.

Consul General, United States Embassy, Lagos, said they were strengthening ties
between the Nigeria Agricultural Industry and the United States Protein Industry
Group with a view to exploring potential collaboration and ultimately continue
to meeting the demands of local population for high quality protein.

Dean of the College of Food Sciences, Bell University, Ota, called for an urgent
steps in addressing the low enrollment of students applying to study agriculture
and nutritional based courses in the universities.

He said that the Agro-business potential in Nigeria is huge and would
tremendously improve the country's GDP, if it is well harnessed and that such
inter-sectoral co-operation between the United States Department of Agriculture,
United States Protein Industry and Nigeria Agricultural Industry is a welcome
initiative.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Lakelander (Whitney, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 2, 2013

Dept. of Ag census due by February

BYLINE: The Lakelander staff

LENGTH: 167  words


Area farmers and ranchers should be on the lookout for the 2012 Census of
Agriculture from the United States Department of Agriculture, according to the
Bosque County Board of Directors.

"Information gathered by the form paints a picture of agriculture across our
county, state and nation," the board said in a statement.

"It is a complete count of U.S. farms and ranches and the people who operate
them."

The Census of Agriculture is taken every five years and looks at land use and
ownership, operator characteristics, production practices, income and
expenditures and many other areas.

The ag census is the only source of uniform, comprehensive agricultural data for
every county in the nation.

Area farmers and ranchers should be receiving the forms, which were to be mailed
out by the National Agriculture Statistics Service in late December for the 2012
calendar year.

The completed forms should be returned by the February 4, deadline.

For more information, visit the USDA website www.agcensus.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LKL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Lakelander

                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 12, 1980, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES GRAIN, SOYBEAN FUTURES END WEEK ON HIGH NOTE

SECTION: Section 2; Page 29, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 507 words


By The Associated Press Grain and soybean futures prices ended the week mostly
higher, gaining some strength from weekend weather predictions while traders
showed some caution in anticipation of the United States Agriculture
Department's yield predictions.

Soybeans finished strongly on some heavy commercial buying right before the
close. Prices had moved up and down nervously in the afternoon, traders said,
with evening up before the weekend and forecasts for high temperatures in the
Southern and Middle West growing areas.

Wheat and corn trading was said to be cautious because it was not known whether
the Agriculture Department's crop report would be favorable, and profit taking
was noted in both pits.

The Agriculture Department report, which was released after the close, was later
interpreted by some traders as positive for corn and neutral for wheat.

It said that this year's corn crop was estimated at 7.28 billion bushels, down 6
percent from last year's record harvest, and wheat was estimated at 2.32 billion
bushels, an 8 percent increase from the near-record 1979 harvest.

Some early advances in oats were shaved by midsession on speculative selling.
At the close on the Chicago Board of Trade, wheat was 1 3/4 cents lower to 1 1/2
cents higher, July $4.22 3/4; corn was 3 1/2 to 6 3/4 cents higher, July $3.05
3/4; oats were 1/2 cent to 1 1/4 cents higher, July $1.82; soybeans were 15 1/2
to 25 1/2 cents higher, July $7.46 1/2.

Metals Prices Are Mixed

The precious metals closed mixed yesterday with silver rising in a correction
from recent price dips and gold falling on some profit taking, said Betty
Raptopolous, a senior metals analyst with Bache Halsey Stuart Shields Inc.

She said copper advanced again under the influence of the week-old strike by the
United Steelworkers of America.  ''It's the strike and the perception now that
is is going to be of a good length,'' she said.  At the close on the New York
Commodity Exchange Inc., gold was 80 cents to $1.50 a troy ounce lower, July
$666.50; silver was 45 cents a pound higher in all contract months except spot,
where it was 46 cents higher, July $16.32; copper was 0.60 cent to 1.35 cents a
pound higher, July 97.05 cents; platinum was $5 to $8.96 a troy ounce lower,
July $690.

Coffee, influenced earlier this week on an increase in producer prices and news
that several Central and South American countries were suspending export
registrations, rose yesterday.

At the close on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa exchange in New York, coffee was
5.68 to 8.96 cents higher, July $1.67.96; sugar was 5 cents lower to 6 cents
higher, July $1.2 1/2 a pound.

Livestock on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange closed mixed with live and feeder
cattle down and hogs and pork bellies higher.  Live cattle were 0.50 cent to
1.33 cents a pound lower, August 70.45; feeders were 0.10 cent to 0.40 cent a
pound lower, August 74.82; live hogs were 0.20 cent to 0.72 cent a pound lower,
July 44.57; pork bellies were 1 cent to 2 cents a pound higher, July 43.02.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          February 16, 2002, Saturday

DROP IN US BEEF EXPORTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 262 words


TOTAL beef exports from the United States of America in the January- November
period of 2001 were eight per cent, or 61,000 tonnes, lower than during the
corresponding year-earlier level, at just below 712,000 tonnes, writes DAVID
McCOY.

This is due mainly to a 16 per cent, or 62,000-tonne, decline in frozen beef
exports as the US faces greater competition on world markets.

Total fresh or chilled exports remained relatively unchanged, at just below
363,000 tonnes, while prepared beef exports increased slightly, to almost 22,000
tonnes, according to latest trade statistics from the United States Department
of Agriculture (USDA).

In spite of a seven per cent drop in total beef exports to Japan, it remains the
largest market for US beef, accounting for 44 per cent of total US beef exports
during the January-November period.

During the period, 315,450 tonnes of beef were exported to Japan. Any long-term
decline on Japanese beef consumption as a result of BSE will further impact on
US shipments.

Similar declines were recorded in the important US markets, particularly South
Korea, where shipments were lower, by 12 per cent, on year-earlier levels, at
111,600 tonnes.

Exports to Mexico were lower in volume terms, by four per cent, at almost
232,000 tonnes, but stronger market conditions in Mexico meant that, in value
terms, exports were higher, by four per cent.

Exports to Canada and Taiwan remained relatively stable, while exports to the
European Union decreased by 60 per cent, but the volumes involved were extremely
low.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited

                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                             July 17, 1998, Friday

Brazil imports more rice from the USA_

SECTION: Markets & Finance

LENGTH: 129 words

DATELINE: 07/17/98


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), that reports on markets and
world grain commerce stated that Brazil may become one of the largest markets
for U.S. rice in the fiscal year of 1998/1999. Brazilian rice imports will reach
1.2 million tons this year, 41.2% above the 850,000 tons imported in 1997.
According to USDA analysts, Brazil has already bought 300, 000 tons of rice from
the USA for delivery in the period 1998/1999.

A strong drop in South American rice production led Brazil to appeal to the USA
for supply. "The last time that Brazil relied on the United States for rice
imports was in 1994. Brazil then acquired more than 280,000 tons of rice,
becoming the second largest rice market for the USA," said the report. (Gazeta
Mercantil)

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

LANGUAGE-SPOKEN: PORTUGUESE

ORIG-LANGUAGE: PORTUGUESE

                      Copyright 1998 Gazeta Mercantil Inc.

                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 19, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. firm gets okay to sell genetically engineered tomatoes

BYLINE: BY SUE KIRCHHOFF REUTERS NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Genetically engineered tomatoes took a step closer to American supermarket
shelves Friday.

The agriculture department said it would no longer regulate shipping and
production of Calgene Inc.'s 'Flavr Savr' tomatoes.

Calgene is hoping the tomato, altered to have a longer shelf life, will be the
first bioengineered food sold in the United States. The Food and Drug
Administration has not yet signed off on Calgene's petition to market the
product.

"This action will enable Calgene to commence scale-up of field production . . .
over the next nine months preparatory to expected launch of the product in the
late summer of 1993," said Tom Churchwell, chief executive of the California
company's Calgene Fresh subsidiary.

The action marks the first time the U.S. agriculture department has lifted
controls on a bioengineered product. Current policy requires companies to get
federal permits to field-test and ship genetically altered organisms in the
United States.

"It's the first (such) plant we've ever given our blessing. We see, for the
first time, the green light for commercialization," said department spokesperson
Amichai Heppner.

Calgene has been testing the Flavr Savr since 1987 under federal supervision.
The tomato has an inserted gene that shuts off production of an enzyme causing
it to overripen and spoil. The process results in enhanced flavor and longer
shelf life.

The department's decision is certain to fuel fresh concern about the White
House's May announcement that genetically engineered goods would be regulated
like other products and, with certain exceptions, would not require special
labels.

Under the policy, the FDA will require pre-market testing only if products are
altered in such a way that safety issues are raised.

"Most likely there is no problem with Flavr Savr (but) we don't want to see a
pattern of hasty approval. At a minimum consumers deserve labeling information,"
said Jodie Silverman of the consumer group Public Voice for Food and Health
Policy.

The company expects to start test marketing the tomato as soon as the FDA issues
its opinion on its safety.


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 5, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SCIENCE WATCH;
Minerals Are Linked to Sleep Difficulties

SECTION: Section C; Page 10, Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 181 words


TRACE elements in the diet can influence the quality of sleep, according to by
the United States Department of Agriculture. The research, conducted at the
department's Human Nutrition Research Center in Grand Forks, N.D., revealed that
women with shortages in their diets and blood of either of two essential
minerals, copper and iron, were more likely to have trouble sleeping.
Conversely, the more aluminum the women ingested (mainly through antacids
containing aluminum) the poorer the quality of their sleep.

According to the studies, conducted by Dr. James G. Penland, a research
psychologist, when copper or iron were in short supply or aluminum was
overabundant, the women slept longer but more poorly.

Dr. Penland cautioned against treating sleep problems with mineral supplements,
since overdoses of copper and iron can be toxic. He suggested eating more
mineral-rich foods. For copper, these include liver, oysters, chickpeas, nuts
(especially Brazil nuts and cashews).Iron-rich foods include lean red meat,
fish, poultry, beets, dried beans and leafy green vegetables.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 1, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Crop Prices Increased By 0.7% in November

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 30


Prices farmers get for raw products rose seven-tenths of 1 percent in November
after declining two months in a row, the Agriculture Department said today.

The increase was indicated by preliminary figures that showed higher prices for
corn, oranges, eggs, broilers and cotton during the month. But lower prices were
reported for hogs, grapefruit, lettuce, wheat and cattle.

Overall, the November index was up 5.5 percent from a year ago, the department
reported. Prices paid by farmers to meet expenses, meanwhile, rose six-tenths of
1 percent from October, to average 3.8 percent above what they were a year
earlier.

The report also included revisions showing that the price index in October
declined 1.5 percent, instead of being unchanged, as preliminary figures
indicated a month ago. The last increase in the indicator was a 6.1 percent jump
from July to August.

Drought and the Government's payment-in-kind program reduced crop production
sharply this year, which has helped push some commodity prices higher.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 3, 1990, Monday, Late Edition - Final

INTERNATIONAL REPORT;
Progress Shown On Bank Rules At Trade Talks

BYLINE: By CLYDE H. FARNSWORTH, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 986 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS, Dec. 2


Canada, Japan, Sweden and Switzerland will propose new rules to broaden world
trade in international banking and other financial services when world trade
talks open here on Monday.

Japan's involvement in the proposal is highly significant because it is the
first time Japan has taken a leadership position in the trade negotiations,
known as the Uruguay Round because they started in that nation in 1986.

The four-nation proposal calls for the 107 countries that belong to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade to provide foreign companies an equal opportunity
with domestic companies to compete in financial services, Canada's Minister of
International Trade, John C. Crosbie, said today.

Some Deep Divisions

The negotiations leading up to Monday's meeting have been stalled for weeks by a
deep division over cutting trade barriers in agriculture and in services. The
agriculture deadlock persists, although the United States Agriculture Secretary,
Clayton K. Yeutter, said today he was "a little less pessimistic" after meeting
with his European and Japanese counterparts.

While the United States is certain to support the proposal to broaden trade in
financial services, American officials said that for tactical reasons, the
United States did not join as an original sponsor of the financial services
proposal.

The United States has been the strongest proponent of liberalizing trade in
services. By not joining the proposal, Washington apparently hopes that other
countries will feel free to show that they, too, have a vital stake in changing
the rules governing trade in financial services and are not simply follow the
United States' lead.

"From what we understand, it was very encouraging," Charles H. Dallara,
Assistant Treasury Secretary for International Affairs, said of the proposal.

John S. Reed, the chairman of Citicorp, and James Robinson 3d, the chairman of
the American Express Company, called the proposal a positive development. The
executives are among the private-sector advisers who are part of the United
States negotiating team here that is led by the United States trade
representative, Carla A. Hills.

 Oversight Body Sought

In addition to defining rules for competition in financial services, the
proposal calls for an international oversight body to insure that countries live
up to the accord.

Some developing countries, principally India and Brazil, oppose the idea because
they want to protect their own embryonic financial services industries from
competition.

Backers of the proposal say they are looking for specific commitments on access
to markets as a part of the agreement. It is unlikely that these could be
obtained in the next week of the conference, but they could come over the next
few months.

And while there are signs of movement in services, the agriculture deadlock
persists. The European Community, which wants to continue Government subsidies
to its 10 million farmers, is at odds with the United States and other major
food exporters, which are demanding sharp cuts in subsidies in the hope of
winning markets now dominated by the Europeans.

"Agriculture is the little key that opens all doors," said Representative Sam M.
Gibbons, Democrat of Florida and chairman of the House subcommittee on trade. He
is one of nearly a dozen American lawmakers here to follow the proceedings.

The streets of Brussels are expected to be clogged Monday by 25,000 to 30,000
farmers, including 500 Americans, who say they will demonstrate against cutbacks
in farm protection.

Secretary Yeutter, after meeting with the European Community's Agriculture
Commissioner, Ray MacSharry of Ireland, and Japan's Farm Minister, Tomio
Yamamoto, said there had been no breakthroughs but that he was "slightly less
pessimistic" about reaching agreement than he had been.

Japan has contributed to the paralysis in the agriculture negotiations by
adamantly refusing to open its market to imported rice. Japanese farmers have
been demonstrating in Tokyo against any liberalization.

Changes in German Position

Germany, too, has been opposed to curbing farm protection, but the victory of
Chancellor Helmut Kohl's Christian Democrats in elections today is expected to
lead to more flexibility in Bonn's position. Farmers account for 11 percent of
the electorate in what was East Germany and 4 percent in what was West Germany.

A shift by Germany, the community's most powerful country and a major industrial
exporter, would mean a more positive community approach that could lead to
breakthroughs in the talks later this week, trade officials say.

Some German officials are already arguing that any income losses of German farms
should be compensated for with direct European Community payments instead of
through protectionist trade policies.

Position of South Korea

A senior South Korean official, who spoke on the condition he not be identified,
said his Government would consider making a commitment to the proposal on
financial services trade "because Seoul has already undertaken a program to
liberalize financial services." He added, "We will examine the proposal very
seriously."

A Brazilian official, who also insisted on not being identified, said his
Government "did not want to be negative."

American lawmakers here said a financial services agreement would make it easier
for Congress to approve an overall trade pact.

Senator Max S. Baucus, Democrat of Montana and chairman of the Senate trade
subcommittee, said Congress would only approve "a major agreement that opens
markets abroad for American exports."

The Uruguay talks represent the most ambitious attempt ever to liberalize trade.
Aside from further steep cuts in tariffs, proposals are being discussed to
develop rules for foreign investors and establish rights for intellectual
property like patents, computer software and copyrights.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company

                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 July 31, 2012

                             Agri-Source Fuels, LLC

                                    FL 33523
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agri-Source Fuels Receives Grant For Biofuel Plant In Florida, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Agri-Source Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $5 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Florida, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Agri-Source Fuels Receives $4 Million Grant For Biodiesel Plant, U.S.

   Date: 1/22/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Agri-Source Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $5 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Florida, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *

Investments


 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2012

                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                         September 24, 2003, Wednesday

INCREASE IN POTATO CROP

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 151 words


TOTAL 2002 potato production in the United States is estimated at 460 million
cwt, one per cent below the estimate made in the Annual Crop Summary in January
but up five per cent from the 2001 crop.

Harvested area, at 1.27 million acres, increased four per cent from a year ago,
according to the United States Department of Agriculture figures.

The average yield, of 362cwt per acre, was up 4cwt from 2001 but 19cwt below the
average yield from the 2000 crop. By season, winter production went up two per
cent, spring rose seven per cent, summer fell one per cent, and autumn increased
five per cent from the previous year.

According to the USDA report, value of all potato production in 2002 is
estimated at $ 3.07 billion (2.26 billion), up less than one per cent from the
previous year. The average price, at $ 6.69 (pounds 4.08) per cwt, was down $
0.30 (18p) from a year earlier.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited

                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 27, 2000, Saturday

BRAZIL EXPORTS ON UP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 205 words


IN the first two months of this year, Brazil exported 22,600 tonnes of beef,
10.300 tonnes, or 84 per cent, more than in the sale period in 1999, writes
DAVID However, prices have fallen by 21 per cent on last year, which means that
Brazilian beef exports earned only 46 per cent more than in the same period in
1999.

With Food and Mouth Disease-free status imminent in the Rio Grande do Sul area
in the south of Brazil, beef exports may expand further as the year progresses.

Beef producers in this area are calling for a 20,000-tonne quota into the United
States, similar to the one held by neighbouring Uruguay and Argentina. It is
reported that a mission from the United States Department of Agriculture has
recently been inspecting abattoirs in the area.

The Brazilians are also likely, once FMD-free status is granted, to follow the
lead and attempt a move into the Japanese market. This will, however, be
dependent on the Japanese authorities granting regional disease-free status to
Brazil.

The Brazilian Real is currently recovering in value and, if this continues over
the coming months, there will be a significant reduction in the current
advantages Brazilian beef enjoys on the world market.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Century Newspapers Limited

                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

'India should use more of its agro produce for food processing'

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 232  words


The Indo-American Chamber of Commerce (IACC) that has been playing a pivotal
role in engaging high profile policy makers from India and the United States is
now keen to focus on strategic economic, trade and business relationship on
agriculture with United States.

The IACC's North India Council chose the subject of robust economic growth and
commercial cooperation in the area of agriculture and food processing for better
use of its farm output.

Scott Sindelar, Minister Counsellor for Agricultural affairs in the US embassy
in New Delhi, while addressing the Jaipur chapter of the newly formed IACC's
Northern India council (NIC) at the SMS Convention Centre on Friday said that in
the last two decades India has increased its agriculture exports to 800 percent.

"India's agriculture export to USA is $ 5 billion and India imports only $ 1
billion worth of agriculture products, mostly almonds from the US. But there is
enough to be done in food processing and nutrition where US can really help the
food processing sector. India uses only 12 per cent of its agro produce for the
purpose of food processing and it should do something to increase it manifold,"
said Sindelar.

He said the food processing industry should opt for nutritional products as
India suffers from large scale malnutrition problem and the producers of
nutritional food with vitamins and proteins will also have a good market.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

USAID imparts agriculture business training to 64 specialists

BYLINE:  ALI HUSSAIN

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 268

LENGTH: 441  words


The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) imparted agri
business training to 64 specialists of agriculture ministries from
Khyber-Pakhtunkhawa, Gilgit-Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh and
Balochistan to help strengthen their capacity building in the agriculture
sector.

The 10-day training on modern techniques for farm-business and irrigation
systems was sponsored by the United States government and the successful
candidates were awarded training completion certificates on Wednesday. The main
purpose of the training course was to help improve on-farm productivity and
profitability, product quality, and water management.

Speaking on the occasion, USAID Country Director Jonathan Conley said that
Pakistan holds lucrative farming opportunities if modern techniques are applied
properly and efficiently. Pakistan being an agriculture country contributes 44
percent to the national economy, however, it could be increased if modern
techniques are applied properly, he added.

"The US government is committed to helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture
sector - thus providing a boost to the country's economy," he added. He said the
training participants will use the new information to counsel farmers in their
respective regions as how to improve farm business, set up agriculture
co-operation stores, improve storage and on-farm processing, and develop market
linkages.

He said that farming in the mountain areas likewise Azad Jammu and Kashmir, and
Gilgit-Baltistan, has always been a challenge for agriculture extension workers
and researchers. He said that Pakistan's agricultural sector is a major employer
of the country's labor force. However, the sector lacks modern technologies and
knowledge to make its products competitive.

He further said the US government works with the government and businesses in
the sector to introduce international quality standards, renovate irrigation
systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profitability by identifying
better markets, both locally and internationally.

"I am glad that USAID has provided me skills to raise awareness regarding
agri-business among AJK farmers and especially the female farmers who have a
lead role in farming activities," said Amna Rafi, Assistant Director at AJK
Agriculture Department and one of the participants of the 10-day training.
Ghulam Mustafa, Deputy Director, Department of Agriculture Gilgit-Baltistan who
was also part of the training told the participants that the training remained
very useful for the agriculture specialists to pass on the skills to the local
formers, which would help further enhance productivity.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved

                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 28, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FOLLOW-UP ON THE NEWS;
The Ideal Bee

BYLINE: By Richard Haitch

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 49, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 213 words


Geneticists in the United States Agriculture Department set out in the summer of
1977 to breed the ideal honeybee - one that would be slow to sting but quick to
produce honey. Working at the department's Bee Breeding Laboratory near Baton
Rouge, La., they began to stock banks of frozen bee sperm. The idea was to
winnow out the best.

Don't ask if the goal has been reached. ''That's a little bit like asking NASA
two weeks after it got the money, 'Have you got to the moon yet?','' says the
laboratory's research director, Dr. Thomas E. Rinderer.  ''We've made
substantial progress,'' he reports. The laboratory has learned that a bee sting
is ''not one great event - it's a sequence of discrete steps'' involving an
''alert,'' then ''activation,'' in which other bees are warned, then
''orientation,'' or pinpointing of the intruder, and finally - zap.

''The 'ideal bee' does not exist and can never exist,'' Dr.  Rinderer says,
because no one bee can thrive in all environments of the United States. ''What
the country needs are several bees bred for different agricultural needs.''

''We already have clear-cut results,'' the genetecist says, but he likens them
to ''a Wright Brothers airplane.'' ''We've got maybe a 20-year program before
we've got Boeing 747's.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Store Owner Sentenced To Prison For Food Stamp Fraud

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

Dewey McNair, 54 of Philadelphia, PA, was sentenced yesterday to 21 months in
prison for illegally exchanging food stamp benefits for cash at his West
Philadelphia fish store, Bottom of the Sea.  Dewey McNair is the owner of
Lancaster Avenue Seafood Inc., which operated a seafood store called Bottom of
the Sea.  McNair has admitted that, over the fourteen month period from October
2011 through November 2012, he paid cash to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program benefits ("SNAP") recipients in exchange for benefits, knowing that to
do so was illegal..

In addition to the prison term, United States District Judge Berle M. Schiller
ordered McNair to pay restitution of $120,000 to the United States Department of
Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Services.

The case was investigated by the United States Department of Agriculture Office
of Inspector General and prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Elizabeth Abrams.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 July 18, 2004

Shuaib heads for world kids' indaba

BYLINE: Bongani Mthethwa

SECTION: Education; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 198 words



Shuaib heads for world kids' indaba

BONGANI MTHETHWA



A 12--YEAR-old pupil's passion for the environment has earned him a trip to an
international children's conference in the United States.

Shuaib Khan is one of three pupils who will represent KwaZulu-Natal at the 2004
Tunza International Children's Conference.

Khan, of M L Sultan Primary School in Ladysmith, Nomalungelo Biyela, 11, of
Sikhulangemfundo Primary in Esikhawini, and Nomaswazi Kubheka, 12, of Zabalaza
Combined in Newcastle, flew to Connecticut on Friday.

They will join 600 children from over 100 countries at the international
gathering from tomorrow until Friday.

The conference aims at developing future ambassadors for the environment who
will work as leaders in their own communities.

The three came out tops in an essay and poster competition organised by the
provincial Department of Agriculture and Environmental Affairs.

Khan's essay was about deforestation problems and solutions.

Khan, who is also head prefect of his school, last year won a bronze medal in a
science expo for a project on recycling.

NATURE LOVER: Shuaib Khan of LadysmithPicture: JACKIE CLAUSEN

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2004 Times Media Limited

                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 19, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Texas Urges Quick Action to Halt Honeybees

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: WESLACO, Tex., Oct. 18


Efforts to quarantine, search and destroy the Africanized honeybee are in full
swing as state and Federal officials scramble to halt the newly arrived
intruders' spread into the United States.

Gathered with Federal experts at the United States Department of Agriculture
headquarters here, Texas officials warned today that prompt action to slow the
bees' northward spread was essential to avoid quarantines in agricultural states
that stand to lose millions from the infestation.

The first identified swarm of Africanized bees in the United States was trapped
on Monday near Hidalgo, just north of the Mexican border. The bees were
destroyed.

Africanized bees have been heading north since escaping in 1957 from a Brazilian
breeding experiment.

Nicknamed killer bees because of their extreme irritability and tendency to
sting repeatedly in defense of their hives, the bees have been responsible for
16 deaths in Mexico alone over the past three years, researchers say. Hundreds
of other deaths, as well as livestock losses, have been reported across Central
and South America since 1957.

'Be Aware'

Dr. Anita Collins, a researcher with the Department of Agriculture who has
experienced killer bee stings herself, advised: ''Be aware. Know your facts.
Know what a honeybee looks like. Our best advice if you stumble into a stinging
incident is to run. You can get away from them.''

But scientists emphasize that the chances of a fatal encounter with the bees are
''quite small.'' And agriculture officials insist that the real threat from the
bees is to the multimillion-dollar honey and pollination industries of American
beekeepers. When Africanized bees invade other hives, their aggressive
characteristics dominate. The bees also are inefficient pollinators.

The bee industry says infiltration by Africanized bees has cut honey production
in Central and South America by 60 to 70 percent. The bees could also devastate
farmers in the United States who depend on honeybees to pollinate $9 billion in
fruit and vegetable crops.

More Money Sought for Fight

Texas officials say they will ask for an additional $710,000 from the Texas
Legislature for regulation, research and public education.

Newly trained inspectors have begun searching in a two-mile radius around the
Hidalgo site, with orders to destroy any Africanized or wild bees found. Eight
counties in south Texas are under quarantine, and surveyors are intensifying
their inspections of a trap line that runs from Laredo to near Corpus Christi.

''If we don't do this, the economic impact will come with a quarantine from
other states who perceive that we're not doing our job to halt the progress of
the Africanized bees,'' said Dr. Fowden Maxwell, head of the Department of
Entomology at Texas A&M University.

He said such a quarantine would be ''devastating'' to Texas beekeepers.

Bee experts say the arrival of cooler temperatures in the lower Rio Grande
Valley could mean Monday's swarm is the last for this year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company

                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    February 19, 1988, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Feed grain forecast:low supply, high use

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  The U.S Department of Agriculture issued a bullish report on feed grains late
on Wednesday, forecasting a drop in world production and rising demand for
1987-88.

The report said a key factor in this year's stronger maize and sorghum prices
was the shrinkage of supplies that are not required and will be held in stocks
until prices rise.

Maize prices received by farmers were forecast at an average US$1.65 to US$1.85
a bushel, up from US$1.50 in 1986-87.

''Tradeable supplies of maize and sorghum outside the U.S. are tight again in
1987-88 following last year's drop because of continued low production in a
number of major exporting countries,'' the report said.

''This has contributed to rising U.S. exports and market share.''

However, in many markets U.S. feed grain exports are still facing sharp
competition with barley, feed-quality wheat and non-grain feeds, it said.

U.S. feed grain use for 1987-88 was estimated at 237.5 million metric tons, 10
million above last year. Exports were expected to rise by 5.3 million metric
tons to 51.6 million.

The department said domestic feed demand would rise this year by 4.7 million
metric tons. Although dairy herd sizes were down, hog, poultry and cattle
feeding - all heavy grain-using enterprises - were on the rise.

Food and industrial use of maize was expected to grow by 3% to 4%. Maize use
from September to November 1987 was 2.18 billion bushels, an increase of 195
million bushels from the previous year.

Stocks on Dec. 1 stood at slightly under 9.8 billion bushels, 540 million less
than in 1986.

Thanks to strong participation in the acreage reduction program, U.S. feed grain
production was down 15% last year to 215 million metric tons.

Barley supplies were down 8% because of a 14% drop in production and exports
running ahead of last year's totals.

The supply of oats was 10% below last year and 26% lower than in 1985-86.

Overall global coarse grain production was projected to drop 5% this year.
Demand was expected to increase 1% or 2% and trade to grow 3% to 4%.

The U.S. government's 1988 feed grain programs, which require acreage set-asides
by all participants, will contain less incentive this year.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.

                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Observes Kick Off of the International Year of Soils

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today begins its celebration of the
International Year of SoilsThis is an external link or third-party site outside
of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to highlight the
importance of healthy soils for food security, ecosystem functions and resilient
farms and ranches.

"Healthy soil is the foundation that ensures working farms and ranches become
more productive, resilient to climate change and better prepared to meet the
challenges of the 21st century," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said during
an event today at USDA headquarters. "We join the world in celebrating this
living and life-giving resource."

With an increasing global population, a shrinking agricultural land base,
climate change and extreme weather events, the nations of the world are focusing
their collective attention to the primary resource essential to food
production-the soil. The United Nation's Food and Agriculture Organization
(FAO), working within the framework of the Global Soil PartnershipThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website., spearheaded the adoption of a resolution by the UN
General Assembly designating 2015 as the International Year of Soils. The year
of awareness aims to increase global understanding of the importance of soil for
food security and essential ecosystem functions.

"Most people don't realize that just beneath our feet lies a diverse, complex,
life-giving ecosystem that sustains our entire existence," said Jason Weller,
chief of USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS). "We are helping
producers unlock the power of soil health as part of an important and very
successful national campaign. Our campaign demonstrates our renewed commitment
to soil conservation and soil health."

NRCS is coordinating activities to mark USDA's involvement in the International
Year of Soils. Nearly 80 years ago, NRCS, formerly the Soil Conservation
Service, was created to improve the health and sustainability of our nation's
soils. The agency's original mission continues to this day - providing
assistance to producers looking to improve the health of the soil on their land.

Conservation that works to improve soil health is one of the best tools NRCS has
to help landowners face these impending challenges - and maintain and improve
their productivity with the use of soil management systems that includes cover
crops, conservation tillage and no-till and crop rotations. These systems reduce
sediment loss from farms and ranches, buffer the effects of drought, flood and
other severe weather; sequester carbon and create biodiversity in our rural
landscape.

"International Year of Soils provides an opportunity for us to learn about the
critical role soil conservation and improved soil health play in the economic
and environmental sustainability of agriculture," Weller said.

Working with the Soil Science Society of AmericaThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. (SSSA) and other partners, NRCS will be showcasing the importance of
soil with monthly themes created by SSSA:

January: Soils Sustain Life

February: Soils Support Urban Life

March: Soils Support Agriculture

April: Soils Clean and Capture Water

May: Soils Support Buildings/Infrastructure

June: Soils Support Recreation

July: Soils Are Living

August: Soils Support Health

September: Soils Protect the Natural Environment

October: Soils and Products We Use

November: Soils and Climate

December: Soils, Culture and People

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday

Cash and crops

BYLINE: Bob Stuart, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


Mar. 20--STAUNTON -- U.S. Department of Agriculture officials told Shenandoah
Valley farmers on Monday that they hope the 2007 version of the farm bill will
reflect policy that is fair to farmers and helpful to those starting a career in
agriculture.

But 6th District Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., who hosted his annual agriculture
conference Monday, cautioned that funding for the bill will be tighter than the
2002 farm bill version passed by Congress.

"The last farm bill was written when we had surpluses,'' Goodlatte said during
opening remarks at the Frontier Culture Museum. "Now we have deficits and money
is much tighter."

The farm bill offers farmers payments and other help to supplement their
incomes, support crop prices and manage supplies.

Bruce Knight, the USDA's undersecretary for marketing and regulatory programs,
said the department would like the farm bill to better assist starting farmers
and those socially disadvantaged.

Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns has also proposed nearly $8 billion more
in funding for conservation programs in the farm bill.

Johanns' proposals came after the cabinet member visited 48 states to dialogue
with farmers about what U.S. farm policy should be, Knight said.

Knight said Johanns wants a farm policy that will be more equitable, and protect
all those in agriculture.

But Knight noted that the number of those in agriculture has greatly diminished
in 70 years in the United States.

"We had six million farms in the 1930s; we have 2 million now,'' he said.

And Knight noted that the crops farmed on one of every three United States acres
today are exported.

On an encouraging note, Knight said that 26 percent of American farmers have now
consented to a national animal identification system.

Knight said the system is a voluntary one, designed to protect farmers'
livestock from a disease outbreak.

Under the system, farmers register their locations with the USDA. Knight said
the information will only be available to the USDA, and will not be subject to
freedom of information.

Contact Bob Stuart at bstuart@newsvirginian.com

Copyright (c) 2007, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070320-NX-0320-Cash-and-crops

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2007 The News Virginian

                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

Louisville Business Owners Sentenced For Defrauding A United States Department
Of Agriculture Program

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Western District of Kentucky
has issued the following news release:



  The owners of AP Deli Corporation were sentenced in United States District
Court yesterday, by Chief Judge Joseph H. McKinley Jr., to twelve months and one
day in prison and ordered to pay $400,000 restitution for defrauding a program
administered by the United States Department of Agriculture, announced United
States Attorney John E. Kuhn, Jr.









 "The SNAP program is intended to alleviate hunger and malnutrition among lower
income families by increasing their food-purchasing power," stated U.S. Attorney
John Kuhn. "When the program is defrauded, the government's capacity to assist
is diminished and the public's confidence in the program can be compromised.
This successful investigation and prosecution punishes those responsible,
recovers the program loss, and should help restore our faith in accountability."






 Defendants San Chae Chon, age 73, and Yong Chae Chon, age 65, of Louisville,
admitted that while operating AP Deli, located at 225 S. 5th Street in
Louisville, they defrauded the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)
by redeeming electronic benefit transfer cards (EBT), in exchange for cash, from
customers. The charged period began in May of 2005, and continued through August
of 2014.







 SNAP is administered by the United States Department of Agriculture to provide
food-purchasing assistance to low-income individuals through the issue of (EBT)
cards to recipients.







 The Chons, who are legally married, provided customers cash in amounts
substantially less than the debited amount on the customers' EBT cards. They
would then process customers' EBT cards to redeem the full amount debited on the
card. When using the EBT card in a lawful manner, each transaction was for the
exact dollar amount of the SNAP eligible items and thus no change was given back
to the recipient.







 The Chons fraudulently redeemed EBT cards in excess of $5,000. Their actions
caused a loss to SNAP and the USDA in the amount of approximately $400,000.







 The Chons pleaded guilty to a single charge of food stamp fraud, on June 3,
2016. At the time of sentencing, the United States agreed to dismiss two
charges.







 The case was prosecuted Assistant United States Attorney Bryan R. Calhoun and
was investigated by U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of Inspector General
and the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services, Office of Inspector
General.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues
Solicitation for "Electronic access via the internet for all USDA users to the
ACSESS Digital Library Journal Backfile, 1907 - 2009"

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service officer has
issued requirement for "Electronic access via the internet for all USDA users to
the ACSESS Digital Library Journal Backfile, 1907 - 2009"

Solicitation No: AG-32SB-S-16-818756

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: September 19, 2016

Description: The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural
Research Service (ARS), in Beltsville, MD, intends to negotiate on a sole source
basis a contract with Alliance of Crop, Soil And Environmental Science
Societies, Inc., 5585 GUILFORD RD, FITCHBURG, WI, 53711-5801, to provide
electronic access via the internet and perpetual access rights (ownership) to
the ACSESS Digital Library Journal Backfile 1907 - 2009 for use by all USDA
employees, contractors, authorized public on-site users, cooperators and
volunteers working on behalf of USDA and acting within the scope of their
relationship with USDA.


The circumstance permitting other than full and open competition is FAR 13.106-1
and 41 USC 253(c)(5), only one responsible source and no other type of supplies
or source will meet agency needs. The National Agricultural Library (NAL) is
mandated (7 U.S.C. 3101) to serve as the primary agricultural information
resource of the United States. One of its functions in that role is the
acquisition of information in all aspects of agriculture and allied sciences. In
support of this function, the NAL acquires journal publications in electronic
format from publishers and makes the journals accessible to USDA employees and
library patrons via the internet. In keeping with its charge to collect
agricultural and related information, it seeks to maintain a collection of
publications in various formats from a variety of publishers and sources.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 813

Contact Details: N/A

Point of Contact(s): Travis Heller travis.heller@ars.usda.gov


LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Family Farms are the Focus of New Agriculture Census Data

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

97 Percent of All U.S. Farms are Family-Owned, USDA Reports

WASHINGTON, March 17, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) reports that family-owned farms remain
the backbone of the agriculture industry. The latest data come from the Census
of Agriculture farm typology report and help shine light on the question, "What
is a family farm?"

"As we wrap up mining the 6 million data points from the latest Census of
Agriculture, we used typology to further explore the demographics of who is
farming and ranching today," said NASS Statistics Division Director Hubert
Hamer. "What we found is that family-owned businesses, while very diverse, are
at the core of the U.S. agriculture industry. In fact, 97 percent of all U.S.
farms are family-owned."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report is a special data series
that primarily focuses on the "family farm." By definition, a family farm is any
farm where the majority of the business is owned by the operator and individuals
related to the operator, including through blood, marriage, or adoption. Key
highlights from the report include the following five facts about family farms
in the United States:

Five Facts to Know about Family Farms

1. Food equals family - 97 percent of the 2.1 million farms in the United States
are family-owned operations.

2. Small business matters - 88 percent of all U.S. farms are small family farms.

3. Local connections come in small packages - 58 percent of all direct farm
sales to consumers come from small family farms.

4. Big business matters too - 64 percent of all vegetable sales and 66 percent
of all dairy sales come from the 3 percent of farms that are large or very large
family farms.

5. Farming provides new beginnings - 18 percent of principal operators on family
farms in the U.S. started within the last 10 years.

"Whether small or large - on the East Coast, West Coast, or the Midwest - family
farms produce food and fiber for people all across the U.S. and the world," said
Hamer. "It's due in part to information such as this from the Census of
Agriculture that we can help show the uniqueness and importance of U.S.
agriculture to rural communities, families, and the world."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report classifies all farms into
unique categories based on three criteria: who owns the operation, whether
farming is the principal operator's primary occupation, and gross cash farm cash
income (GCFI). Small family farms have GCFI less than $350,000; midsize family
farms have GCFI from $350,000 to $999,999; and large family farms have GCFI of
$1 million or more. Small farms are further divided based on whether the
principal operator works primarily on or off the farm.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 3, 2003, Saturday

ANOTHER BLOW FOR US SHEEP FLOCK

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 149 words


THE sheep flock in the United States is forecast to continue on a declining
trend in 2003, in spite of Government assistance programmes, leading to an eight
per cent decline in production and higher lamb prices.

The United States Department of Agriculture claims that the drought has offset
benefits from the US$ 100 million (pounds 62 million) three-year Lamb Industry
Assistance Package.

This package included direct payments to sheep producers, animal health
initiatives, marketing and promotion programmes and Government purchases of
lamb.

The wool subsidy programme was also re-instated for the 2002-2007 wool
production seasons.

The reduction in US lamb supply will partly be made up from imports, which are
expected to increase by nearly two per cent from last year. This is dramatically
slower than the 12.5 per cent growth in 2001 and 11.2 per cent in 2002.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited

                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 19, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SOVIET ENDS SECRECY ON GRAIN

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 12, Column 4; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 182 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW, Oct. 18,


The Soviet Union has published figures on the size of the grain harvest for
1985, after five years of withholding information on the annual grain crop.

Figures of the Central Statistical Administration this week showed that 191.6
million metric tons of grain were harvested last year, well below the annual
goal of 239 million. The last such figures were published in January 1981, when
the Government reported a 1980 harvest of 189.2 million tons.

The grain harvest has been one of the main problem areas of the Soviet economy
over the last seven years, forcing large imports from the United States, Canada
and Argentina.

The clampdown on information in 1981 came after a series of poor harvests under
Leonid I. Brezhnev. The resumption of publication of the data coincides with
Mikhail S. Gorbachev's campaign for greater openness on problems affecting the
economy.

The Politburo announced last month that the harvest this year would be bigger
than last year's. The United States Department of Agriculture, which has been
making its own estimates, had forecast only 180 million tons.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 17, 2004, Saturday

MEXICANS PUT RESTRICTIONS ON US MEATS

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 221 words


THE Mexican Secretariat of Agriculture, Livestock Rural Development, Fish, and
Food, has informed the United States Department of Agriculture of new
requirements for the importation of selected variety meats, veal, and tallow
into Mexico.

US Agriculture Secretary, Ann M Veneman, said that she applauded this action
taken by colleagues in Mexico.

"The re-opening of the Mexican market to more beef products is a very positive
signal that the North American market for beef is returning to normal."

Combined with Mexico's announcement to re-open the border to boneless beef on
March 3, the US has now regained access for products that accounted for $ 746
million (pounds 406 million), or 74 per cent of approximately $ 1 billion
(pounds 545 million) in exports, of beef and tallow to Mexico in 2003.

The US, Mexico, and Canada have been working together to harmonize measures and
regulations related to BSE in North America. This includes work toward North
American standards for risk mitigation based on sound science.

"This action, combined with previous actions by Mexico and commitments by the
Canadian Government, demonstrates solidarity within North America to trade in
beef and beef products based on internationally accepted scientific standards
for human and animal health," said Ms Veneman.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited

                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           December 1, 1988, Thursday

11TH-HOUR TALKS SET ON US-EC MEAT ROW

BYLINE: BRUCE BARNARD; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 391 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS, Belgium


The European Community and the United States will make a final attempt in
Montreal over the weekend to resolve a seemingly intractable dispute over
hormone-injected beef.

Willy De Clercq, the EC trade commissioner, and Frans Andriessen, the EC
agriculture commissioner, will hold talks with U.S Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter and U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng before Monday's start of the
midterm review of the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and
rade.

Failure to settle the row over an EC ban on imports of hormone-injected U.S.
beef from Jan. 1, 1989, will trigger a potentially serious trade war, as
Washington is poised to retaliate with import curbs on EC products from that
date.

Mr. De Clercq said Wednesday that there had been no last-minute breakthrough in
the dispute despite press reports that Washington was ready to compromise if the
EC delayed its embargo.

Patricia Stolfa, deputy administrator of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Food and Inspection Service, was quoted as saying that the United States would
change its position if the EC delayed the hormone ban.

However, Ms. Stolfa said Wednesday that the reports were a clear
misrepresentation of what she had said. The U.S. has no intention of changing
its position on the hormone ban, Ms. Stolfa maintains.

Following a telephone call to Mr. Yeutter earlier this week, Mr. De Clercq said
there had been no change in the respective positions.

The EC claims that the ban is in the interests of consumers, while the United
States insists that the injection of hormones in U.S. meat is safe and should
not be banned.

Mr. De Clercq said the only question now was whether the Reagan administration
will use the reciprocal meat inspection provision in the U.S. Trade Act, which
would allow U.S. authorities to keep out EC meat imports.

U.S. officials are still hoping that the EC will delay the embargo until a
committee of the European Parliament has published its findings on the issue.
The committee is expected to complete its investigation by February or March.

The EC delayed the embargo for a year in the hope of finding a solution to the
problem. The dispute initially will affect U.S. and EC trade worth less than $
300 million, but it threatens to spill over into an escalating tit-for- tat
retaliation.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

NM ag secretary testifies before federal panel

BYLINE: By Katie Goetz New Mexico Department of Agriculture

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; New Mexico Secretary of Agriculture Jeff Witte testified
before a congressional panel in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday about the potential
agricultural impacts of a proposed rule that aims to increase the federal
government's jurisdiction over waters within the United States.

Witte was among a four-member panel that testified before members of the House
Committee on Agriculture's Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry. U.S. Rep.
Michelle Lujan Grisham, D-Albuquerque, is the subcommittee's ranking member. The
subcommittee is reviewing the proposed federal rule redefining "waters of the
United States," referred to in shorthand as WOTUS.

"New Mexico is an arid state with diverse landscapes; and, overall, we get much
less precipitation than other states," Witte said in his remarks before the
panel. "This means irrigated farms are reliant upon ditches fed by spring
runoff, which only flow ephemerally. The proposed definition of ditches has been
a point of confusion since the publication of the proposed rule."

Continued Witte: "Adding this level of uncertainty would make many young farmers
and ranchers think twice about entering the profession. Since the average age of
agricultural producers in the United States is 58 years old, implementing
unclear regulations may prevent future innovation in the agricultural economy.
Without the opportunity for these young agriculturalists to succeed, our
reliable and superior food supply could be undermined."

Witte offered testimony and answered lawmakers' questions on behalf of the
National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, of which he is a
member along with the leaders of other state departments of agriculture.

In New Mexico, the production of raw agricultural commodities   milk before it's
made into value-added products like cheese or chile before it's made into
enchilada sauce   contributes approximately $4 billion a year to the state's
economy. There are approximately 25,000 farms and ranches of all sizes
contributing to that figure.

Katie Goetz is the public information officer for the New Mexico Department of
Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

NM ag secretary testifies before federal panel

BYLINE: By Katie Goetz New Mexico Department of Agriculture

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; New Mexico Secretary of Agriculture Jeff Witte testified
before a congressional panel in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday about the potential
agricultural impacts of a proposed rule that aims to increase the federal
government's jurisdiction over waters within the United States.

Witte was among a four-member panel that testified before members of the House
Committee on Agriculture's Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry. U.S. Rep.
Michelle Lujan Grisham, D-Albuquerque, is the subcommittee's ranking member. The
subcommittee is reviewing the proposed federal rule redefining "waters of the
United States," referred to in shorthand as WOTUS.

"New Mexico is an arid state with diverse landscapes; and, overall, we get much
less precipitation than other states," Witte said in his remarks before the
panel. "This means irrigated farms are reliant upon ditches fed by spring
runoff, which only flow ephemerally. The proposed definition of ditches has been
a point of confusion since the publication of the proposed rule."

Continued Witte: "Adding this level of uncertainty would make many young farmers
and ranchers think twice about entering the profession. Since the average age of
agricultural producers in the United States is 58 years old, implementing
unclear regulations may prevent future innovation in the agricultural economy.
Without the opportunity for these young agriculturalists to succeed, our
reliable and superior food supply could be undermined."

Witte offered testimony and answered lawmakers' questions on behalf of the
National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, of which he is a
member along with the leaders of other state departments of agriculture.

In New Mexico, the production of raw agricultural commodities   milk before it's
made into value-added products like cheese or chile before it's made into
enchilada sauce   contributes approximately $4 billion a year to the state's
economy. There are approximately 25,000 farms and ranches of all sizes
contributing to that figure.

Katie Goetz is the public information officer for the New Mexico Department of
Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

NM ag secretary testifies before federal panel

BYLINE: By Katie Goetz New Mexico Department of Agriculture

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; New Mexico Secretary of Agriculture Jeff Witte testified
before a congressional panel in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday about the potential
agricultural impacts of a proposed rule that aims to increase the federal
government's jurisdiction over waters within the United States.

Witte was among a four-member panel that testified before members of the House
Committee on Agriculture's Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry. U.S. Rep.
Michelle Lujan Grisham, D-Albuquerque, is the subcommittee's ranking member. The
subcommittee is reviewing the proposed federal rule redefining "waters of the
United States," referred to in shorthand as WOTUS.

"New Mexico is an arid state with diverse landscapes; and, overall, we get much
less precipitation than other states," Witte said in his remarks before the
panel. "This means irrigated farms are reliant upon ditches fed by spring
runoff, which only flow ephemerally. The proposed definition of ditches has been
a point of confusion since the publication of the proposed rule."

Continued Witte: "Adding this level of uncertainty would make many young farmers
and ranchers think twice about entering the profession. Since the average age of
agricultural producers in the United States is 58 years old, implementing
unclear regulations may prevent future innovation in the agricultural economy.
Without the opportunity for these young agriculturalists to succeed, our
reliable and superior food supply could be undermined."

Witte offered testimony and answered lawmakers' questions on behalf of the
National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, of which he is a
member along with the leaders of other state departments of agriculture.

In New Mexico, the production of raw agricultural commodities   milk before it's
made into value-added products like cheese or chile before it's made into
enchilada sauce   contributes approximately $4 billion a year to the state's
economy. There are approximately 25,000 farms and ranches of all sizes
contributing to that figure.

Katie Goetz is the public information officer for the New Mexico Department of
Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 1, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FOLLOW-UP ON THE NEWS;
Battling 'Hoppers'

BYLINE: By Richard Haitch

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 55, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 240 words


NOT since 1933 had grasshoppers swarmed in such great numbers in the Middle West
and West, devastating range grass and some crops in parts of 13 states.

In May the United States Agriculture Department allocated $10 million for aerial
spraying of the insects. In June it put up $15 million more and in July $10
million - a total of $35 million to wipe out grasshoppers.

Spraying with Malathion ended Aug. 14, and ''we feel the results have been quite
good,'' reports Thomas Flanigan, assistant staff officer of the Agriculture
Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service in Hyattsville, Md.

Mr. Flanigan, who helped coordinate the program, says ''90 to 95 percent of the
hoppers have been killed'' on nearly 13 million acres of rangeland that were
sprayed.

The spraying was done, he says, in Arizona, Montana, Colorado, Idaho, Utah,
Nebraska, North and South Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas, Oregon, Washington and
Wyoming.

But ''the potential for an infestation next year is there,'' he adds. ''We
figure there are about 56 million acres of rangeland that were infested in the
fall of 1984, and we treated only 13 million.''

The grasshoppers will be back next spring, he says, if the weather is mainly hot
and dry - ideal for the hatching of their eggs.

On top of that, the spraying produced ''high honeybee mortality'' in Idaho,
where six million acres were treated, and the Government faces damage claims by
beekeepers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 31, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

FARM PRICES JUMP 3.7%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 39, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 30


The prices farmers received for raw products jumped 3.7 percent in December, the
sharpest increase in four months, leaving farm prices at the end of 1983 an
average of 10 percent higher than a year ago, the Agriculture Department
reported today.

The increase was indicated by preliminary figures that showed higher prices for
cattle, hogs, oranges, eggs and onions during the month. Lower prices were
reported for soybeans, tomatoes, wheat, milk and corn.

The preliminary report was based mostly on prices as of mid-December; it does
not reflect recent changes caused by the cold weather that has hit fruit and
vegetable crops in Florida and Texas.

Prices paid by farmers to meet expenses, meanwhile, were unchanged from
November, but still averaged 3.8 percent above a year earlier.

Drought and the Government's payment-in-kind program reduced crop production
sharply this year, which has helped push some commodity prices higher this
season.

In December, the report said, crop prices were up 19 percent from a year
earlier, but livestock prices were down 2 percent.

Department economists say food prices may rise 4 percent to 7 percent in 1984,
with the effects of last summer's drought accounting for 1 to 1.5 percentage
points of the increase. Higher farm prices, inflation and increased middleman
costs will also have an effect.

In the preliminary December figures, the index for poultry and eggs was a record
high, up 7.3 percent from the previous record set in November and 44 percent
above a year earlier. Fruit prices were up 19 percent from November, but were
still 2.7 percent below the average a year earlier.

Vegetable prices at midmonth were up 6.8 percent from November and 23 percent
above a year earlier.

Over all, the preliminary figures indicate, farm prices in December averaged 140
percent of a 1977 base price average used for comparison, compared with 135
percent in November and 127 percent in December 1982.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 3, 1997, Monday

US exporters take rising prices and surging demand as profitable indicators
showing . . .;
Russians high on the hog

BYLINE: BY JOHN HELMER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 828 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW


Ask for ""doctorskaya'' at a Russian meat-counter, and the white-coated
attendant will hand over, not medical advice, but a chunk of pink sausage that's
the Russian equivalent of bologna.

""Doctorskaya'' is the most popular cut of sausage _ and the most common form of
meat _ in Russia.

Nowadays, as they look for new markets and expanded revenue, U.S. pork producers
are finding that the Russian market may be just what the doctor ordered.

Susan Reid, a U.S. Department of Agriculture expert in Moscow, said 1996 saw
steady Russian demand for U.S. pork after a big 1995. Full 1996 statistics are
due out shortly, but Ms. Reid thinks North America may now be Russia's third
largest source of foreign pork, behind Chinese and European suppliers.

Before 1994, U.S. pork was too expensive to compete against heavily subsidized
Russian meat in the Russian market, said Nathan Hunt, former Moscow
representative of the U.S. Meat Export Federation. That year, the U.S. Congress
extended a one-year subsidy of $700 a ton that stimulated sales to Russia of
20,000 tons.

By 1995, however, the Uruguay Round of trade negotiations forced European
governments to cut back their subsidies, and prices started to rise toward
market levels. That year, U.S. producers like IBP, based in Dakota City, Neb.,
Excel of Fort Morgan, Colo., and Monfort of Greeley, Colo., managed to sell
almost 60,000 tons to Russia, Mr. Hunt said.

At an average price of around $2,000 a ton, U.S. pork exports in 1995 were worth
about $100 million. According to U.S. trade figures, Japan is the leading
destination for U.S. pork shipments, followed by Mexico. But Russia could change
the picture. Mr. Hunt, now principal of pork producer Skylight of Lincoln, Neb.,
is projecting Russian sales this year of about 25,000 tons. If borne out, that
projection amounts to 25 percent to 50 percent of the U.S. pork trade with
Russia, depending on the year. After prices peaked last fall at around $2,600 a
ton, prices are expected to be around $2,000 this year.

DISTRIBUTION EVOLVES

Mr. Hunt says the pork business is still concentrated in Moscow, with the
Chinese controlling regional markets supplied from Far Eastern ports. But the
distribution system has changed since 1995. Then, a handful of large state-
controlled buyers, like the city of Moscow, placed large orders and paid up
front. Cargoes went by ship.

Since then, shippers have opted for smaller lots, dispatched by container to
Finnish ports and then by truck to Moscow. While transportation charges are
higher, the smaller shipments allow a broader range of Moscow meatpackers to
enter the business.

Mr. Hunt says his company has seen its business grow 30 percent because of these
new meat-packer clients. But that also means a different marketing approach, and
more work. ""I've got to go to a lot of plants,'' Mr. Hunt says.  ""In Russia,
relationship is everything. It's far more important to the plant director than
price or delivery schedules.''

""It's not a business you can do by fax,'' he said.

MIDDLEMEN MOVE IN

With a profit margin of about $50 a ton, or about 2.5 percent, U.S. producers
are reluctant to risk doing business with unknown Russian buyers. Russians
officials remember a deal that went sour over a big cargo of U.S. pork. Moscow
city food procurement boss Vitaly Morozov placed the order but it didn't meet
his specifications so the bill was never fully paid.

""The U.S. partner was at least partially at fault,'' Mr. Hunt says. ""It left a
very bad taste in everyone's mouth.''

But payment risks, which have kept U.S. meat-packers and Canadian firms like
Mapleleaf Foods and Olymel out of direct sales, have encouraged middlemen like
Mr. Hunt, Gerber International and AJC International, also U.S.  companies.
Tyson, the dominant chicken exporter to Russia, has also begun to introduce
pork.

But with 20 North American producers of pork selling to around 50 Russian
buyers, the market isn't as tight, or margins as competitive, as the larger
chicken trade, which reached an all-time high in Russia last year of about
600,000 tons. Traders estimate that there are 10 major U.S. chicken sellers, and
five Russian buyers.

The future for U.S. pork is as pink as ""doctorskaya,'' says Mr. Hunt. That
follows because, in Russia, ""sausage is everything,'' he said. ""They are not
interested in raw cuts. Ninety percent of the meat eaten by consumers is cooked
or cured sausage, not steak people take home to cook.'' The meat counter at
Seven Continents, one of Moscow's supermarket leaders, offers more than 70
different types of domestic and foreign sausage. Local meat plants say they can
produce and market ""hundreds'' of sausage varieties, ranging in price from
""doctorskaya'' at $2 a pound to rarer varieties at $10 a pound.

""This year we'll see higher demand,'' Mr. Hunt said. ""We'll see more reliable
repeat trade with the plants we know. It's a new ballgame.''

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic - A healthy trade prescription;
 Graphs (not in the database): THIS LITTLE PIG WENT TO RUSSIA. U.S. exports to
Russia have ridden a roller- coaster since 1995. Sales compared with the same
month of the previous year have been back on the upswing since August.;
 1) US PORK EXPORTS TO RUSSIA. In thousand of metric tons, January to December,
1995 and 1996.;
 2) US PORK EXPORTS. In millions of U.S. dollars, January to November, 1994 -
1996.;
 Japan;
 Canada;
 Russia;
 Mexico;
 Others;
 (Source: PIERS database, New York; Global Trade Information, Columbia, S.C.;
The Journal of Commerce)

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            November 13, 2006 Monday

U.S. negotiators to visit Seoul to discuss beef imports

BYLINE: Yoo Soh-jung

LENGTH: 346 words


The United States is expected to send a negotiating team on Thursday to seek
wider access to Korea's beef market, according to the Ministry of Agriculture
and Forestry and the meat trade industry here.

Chuck Lambert, deputy under secretary for the United States Department of
Agriculture, and his negotiating team of negotiators are expected to visit Korea
as part of a three-legged Asia visit in a bid to campaign for a new agreement.
Japan and Taiwan are also on the agenda.

The USDA's move comes after the three Asian countries recently lifted their
import ban on American beef, which has been suffering from a restricted import
volume.

Korea received its first shipment of U.S. beef imports on October 30 after
lifting a nearly three-year ban on September 8.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry said it expects the U.S. team to ask
Seoul allow meat with bones to enter the country. Both sides agreed in January
imports of U.S. beef would be boneless and from cattle younger than 30 months of
age.

According to the Agriculture Ministry, ribs accounted for about 66.3 percent, or
132,000 tons, of total U.S. beef imports into Korea in 2003.

Between January and November the same year, Seoul bought 200,000 tons of
American beef, according to U.S. government data. Korea was then the
third-largest U.S. beef importer after Japan and Mexico. Before the ban, the
United States stood as Korea's leading exporter of beef.

According to standards upheld by the OIE (or World Organization for Animal
Health), U.S. cattle up to 30 months of age is safe to consume as long as the
intestines, brains, bones and other parts that could transmit the disease are
removed. The likelihood of infection from mad cow disease is believed to
increase with the cattle's age as well.

Korea imposed the ban in December 2003 after a case of bovine spongiform
encephalopathy, better known as mad cow disease, was confirmed in the state of
Washington. Seoul decided to resume imports in after all affected U.S.
meat-processing facilities met the Korean government's safety standards.

(sohjung@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             May 29, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION: LEGALS; Pg. O15

LENGTH: 301 words


UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE

APPENDIX a

STATEMENT OF NONDISCRIMINATION

AIKEN ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE, INC., is the recipient of federal financial
assistance from the Rural Utilities Service, and agency of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, and is subject to the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , as amended, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as
amended, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended, and the rules and
regulations of the U.S. Department of Agriculture which provide no person in the
United States on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age,
or disability shall be exclude from participation in, admission or access to,
denied the benefits of, or otherwise subjected to discrimination under any of
this organization's programs or activities.

The person responsible for coordinating the organization's nondiscrimination
compliance efforts is Robyn McCay, Vice President of Human Resources. Any
individual or specific class of individuals, who feels this organization has
subjected them to discrimination, may obtain further information about the
statutes and regulations listed above from and/or file a written complaint to
this organization; or write USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue SW, Washington, D.C., 20250-9410; or call, toll free, (866)
632-9992 (voice.) TDD users can contact USDA through local relay or the Federal
Relay at (800) 877-8399 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (relay voice users). USDA is an
equal opportunity provider and employer. Complaints must be filed within 180
days after alleged discrimination. Confidentiality will be maintained to the
extent possible.

Aiken Electric Cooperative is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/H/V)

May 29, 2008 Adv. # 13090561

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                July 29, 1993, Thursday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Tobacco curbs

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 6, World Business

LENGTH: 51 words


Congressional negotiators tentatively agreed yesterday to impose restrictions on
tobacco imported by the U.S. from Canada and other countries. Senators and
Representatives were working against a deadline today to agree on how to shave
US$3 billion from Agriculture Department programs through 1998.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.

                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 12, 1990, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Higher subsidies urged

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7, U.S. BUSINESS BRIEFS

LENGTH: 69 words


U.S. farmers said yesterday that the U.S. should raise subsidies for agriculture
exports to reclaim lost markets if trade negotiators cannot get an agreement on
cutting support payments around the world. Leaders of the American Farm Bureau
Federation, which has 3.8 million members, backed a suggestion by U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter to raise export subsidies if farm
negotiations fail.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.

                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                March 17, 1994, Thursday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Fed flip-flop on horse disease

BYLINE: Compiled from FP's news services

SECTION: SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 44, Sport Shorts

LENGTH: 114 words


Following industry pressure and a January story in The Financial Post,
Agriculture Canada has decided not to abandon its role in domestic control of
equine infectious anemia, a contagious and fatal disease.  Agriculture Canada
had chosen to quit its role April 1. However, the Canadian agency reversed
itself after complaints from the United States Department of Agriculture, which
cited the Post story. AgCan now plans to implement a new domestic control
program. The development was greeted by Canadian Equestrian Federation
vice-president Mara Coote-Freeman of Olds, Alta., as ''what the horse industry
wants: a new program with the weight of the feds behind it.''


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.

                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 3, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SENATE HEARING OPENS ON FARM BILL

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 2


Senator Jesse Helms, opening Senate hearings on a new farm bill, said today that
the United States needed an agricultural policy in which the Government
''supports but does not dominate the farmer.''

Such a policy should also ''assure consumers of abundant food and fiber at
reasonable prices,'' said Senator Helms, chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Committee, which will hold hearings for almost a month in an effort to establish
a new farm and food aid program.

Senator Helms, Republican of North Carolina, also told committee members that
the goal was to continue working toward ''a marketoriented agriculture'' in
which the private sector was emphasized.

The new farm bill will determine the extent to which the Federal Government
provides price supports for farmers' crops in coming years.

Bill Will Affect Consumers

Its effect will also be felt by consumers who buy those farm products, and by
low-income Americans who use food stamps and other nutrition programs authorized
in the bill.

Agricultural exports and the Food for Peace program, which provides food
donations and crop sales with eased credit to foreign countries, also come under
the jurisdiction of the bill.

The legislation, replacing the 1977 Food and Agriculture Act, which expires this
year, will set up price support and credit programs covering the 1982 crops of
wheat, feed grains, cotton, rice, dairy products, peanuts, soybeans, sugar and
wool. Agricultural research and extension, farm credit programs and forestry
also come under the bill.

Price support loans are now available to farmers for designated commodities,
including grain, cotton and oilseeds. Farmers often take out the loans in the
expectation that market prices will rise. When this happens, they normally repay
the loans and sell their commodities at the higher market prices.

Cancellation of Loans

If prices fall below the loan rates, farmers can forfeit their crops to the
Government in lieu of repayment. In such cases, the loan is canceled and the
Government owns the commodities.

David A. Stockman, the budget director, said last week that he and Agriculture
Secretary John R. Block shared a ''strong inclination'' to do away with the
Federal Government's target price crop subsidies to farmers. The Reagan
Administration is also calling for reductions in Federal subsidies for dairy
products and it wants sharp cuts in the food stamp program, which accounts for
about one-half of the Agriculture Department's budget and has 22 million
participants.

Consumer activists are opposing the reductions in food stamps and other
nutrition programs.  In testimony prepared for today's hearing, Ellen Haas,
director of the consumer division of the Community Nutrition Institute in
Washington, urged support for Federal food programs and said that under
President Reagan's proposals, ''virtually all recipients will lose benefits.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

Pakistan: US-funded WPEP, Pakistani scientists defending Pak wheat from dreaded
UG 99 disease

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 20 -- The United States government-funded

Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project (WPEP) was working with

Pakistani and international scientists to introduce, evaluate, and

release new high-yielding, disease resistant wheat varieties.

This work is following the successful testing and release of

a highly productive variety that survives even the most destructive

wheat disease.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's WPEP's highest priority

is to introduce disease resistant wheat varieties to Pakistan. WPEP

and Pakistani partners introduced and tested NARC 2011, a variety

resistant to the feared UG 99 wheat disease.

NARC 2011 not only provides disease protection but also

produces higher yields than existing varieties. UG 99 is already in

neighboring Iran and threatens to devastate Pakistan's wheat crop if

they are left unprotected.

At the two-day WPEP Annual Wheat Planning Meeting held in

Islamabad, wheat researchers from across Pakistan, the International

Maize and Wheat Improvement Center (CIMMYT), International Center

for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), and the United

States Department of Agriculture (USDA) focused on reviewing the

progress of the past wheat growing season and on developing a plan

for breeding, disease surveillance, and agronomy research in coming

years.

The meeting participants agreed that making UG 99 resistant

varieties available to farmers is a critical step in ensuring

protection of wheat, Pakistan's most important crop, a press release

issued by the US Embassy here on Thursday said.

American and Pakistani agriculture scientists expressed

satisfaction over progress made by the Wheat Productivity

Enhancement Project (WPEP), a USDA program.

WPEP links USDA, Pakistani, and international scientists to

develop, introduce, and test disease-resistant wheat varieties as

well as improve agronomic practices and upgrade research capacity in

the country.

"The WPEP project has produced exceptional results, including

the introduction of NARC 2011, and I look forward to great progress

in the future. Wheat is an important crop in both Pakistan and the

United States and our two countries are continuing a 50-year

tradition of collaboration in agriculture," said Clay Hamilton,

Agricultural Counselor.

Clay Hamilton noted that wheat accounts for approximately 60

percent of the daily caloric intake of the average Pakistani and

that joint efforts to combat this disease are vital to Pakistan's

economy and food security.

WPEP is a United States Department of Agriculture program that

develops, introduces, and tests disease-resistant wheat varieties.

The project also focuses on improving agronomic practices,

developing disease surveillance systems, updating infrastructure,

and building research capacity in the Pakistan.

The five-year collaborative research project brings together

wheat research scientists from PARC, CIMMYT, USDA, provincial wheat

research institutions, and ICARDA

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 22, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
South Assesses Damage From Summer Drought

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 206 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, S.C., Sept. 21


Increased rainfall since early August has raised crop yields and cut drought
damage in the Southeast, but officials with the United States Department of
Agriculture say losses may still surpass $1 billion.

Rain came too late and at the wrong time for many crops, and was inadequate for
others, officials throughout the region said. In many areas, rainfall is still
20 inches below normal and has not restored subsoil moisture, meteorologists
said.

Damage to crops, livestock and forests in South Carolina was expected to reach
about $260 million, said Hal Harris, a Clemson agricultural economist, on
Friday. That is more than $100 million below earlier estimates.

In Georgia, the estimate of crop losses tabulated Friday was $247.4 million,
said Steve Rich, a spokesman for the state Department of Agriculture. In July,
the Georgia Farm Bureau Federation estimated that losses could run as high as
$533 million.

The rain in late August and early September has led to slight improvements for
some crops in North Carolina, but state officials have not revised their August
loss estimate of $330 million. Officials in Virginia and Tennessee are hesitant
to give loss estimates, but some crop yields are down 30 percent or more.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     March 20, 2002 Wednesday, Home Edition

U.S., Russia poultry talks stymied

BYLINE: PERALTE C. PAUL

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 137 words


Talks between Russian and American trade representatives over Russia's ban of
imported U.S. poultry have hit an impasse, a U.S. poultry official said.

"The negotiations have pretty much broken down," said Jim Sumner, president of
the U.S. Poultry and Egg Export Council, a Stone Mountain-based national trade
association.

Sumner had been in Moscow, along with officials from the Office of the United
States Trade Representative and the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

He returned late last week, although negotiations continued in hopes both sides
could reach an agreement to lift the ban, now in its 11th day.

Russia, importing $607 million in American poultry last year, is the largest
export market. Georgia, the largest poultry producing state, produces 8 percent
of poultry exports to Russia.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 07, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

U.S., Russia Detail Three-Part Food Deal

David Hoffman, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW, Nov. 6


Russia and the United States reached agreement today on details of a food aid
package to help see Russia through the winter in the wake of a poor harvest and
hardship caused by devaluation of the ruble and skyrocketing prices of imported
food.

Russian Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov also received word today from Japanese
Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi that Tokyo will provide a promised $ 800 million
loan as part of a larger loan package allocated by the Export-Import Bank of
Japan.

The U.S. food aid envisioned in three protocols signed here today comprises more
than 3 million tons of wheat and foodstuffs, officials said.

The first agreement calls for the United States to advance a $ 600 million loan
for the purchase of 1.5 million tons of food, including 500,000 tons of corn,
300,000 tons of soybean meal, 200,000 tons of soybeans, 200,000 tons of wheat
and 100,000 tons of rice. It also would pay for 120,000 tons of beef, 50,000
tons of pork and 30,000 tons of nonfat dry milk, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture said.

The 20-year credit carries a 2 percent interest rate and five-year grace period
before the first payments are due.

In the second agreement, the United States said it will donate 1.5 million tons
of wheat to Russia to be processed into flour and sold on the Russian market.
The proceeds are to be deposited into the state pension fund, although a Russian
official also said more vaguely they might be used for "social programs."

The third agreement calls for humanitarian aid of 100,000 tons of food, to be
delivered directly to Russia's regions and charities, many of which are facing a
difficult winter, especially those in the Far North and Far East, which
traditionally are supplied by the Russian government. The economic chaos
following August's ruble devaluation, however, has disrupted supplies for many
remote regions. Russia also has suffered one of its worst harvests in half a
century.

The United States is to provide $ 260 million for food transportation. The
supplies will start coming in December and continue for the first half of 1999,
officials said.

A key issue in talks on the aid was who would control it. In earlier years,
humanitarian aid often made its way onto the black market. U.S. officials said a
two-man team will be stationed permanently in Russia to oversee the aid. The two
sides also agreed that the aid will not be subject to taxes and customs duties,
as the Russians had been seeking.

Meanwhile today, there were reports of progress in negotiations between Russia
and foreign banks and investment houses that held ruble-denominated bonds, on
which Russia defaulted in August. Russian officials said the Westerners had
agreed to accept repayment in rubles, although details of the deal were not
clear.


LOAD-DATE: November 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                              July 13, 2015 Monday

Ankom Technology secures contract for Award to Ankom, Extractor

LENGTH: 120 words

DATELINE: United States


United States, July 13 -- Contract Id: 167128

Description: United States based Ankom Technology has secured contract from
Department of Agriculture for Award to Ankom, Extractor.

The contract is valued approximately $18,799.00.

Country: United States

Sector: Industry

Contract awarded to Ankom Technology 2052 O'Neil Road Macedon, New York 14502
United States

Contract awarded to executing agency: Department of Agriculture Department of
Agriculture Office: Agricultural Research Service Location: Eastern Business
Service Center

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pivotal Sources. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Joins Global Partners to Kick Off International Year of Soils in
2015

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, USDA joins nations from across the globe to kick off the International
Year of Soils, an effort to highlight the importance of soil in everyday life.
Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment Robert Bonnie will address
members of the 68th United Nations General Assembly, which designated 2015 for
the yearlong celebration.

"We are excited to be working with the United Nations to help raise awareness
and promote the importance of conservation of our soil resources," Bonnie said.
"USDA is embracing this unique opportunity to tell the world about the
importance of soil conservation and how we've worked with private landowners
since 1935 to protect and improve this priceless natural resource."

UN's Food and Agriculture Organization spearheaded the global International Year
of Soils campaign within the framework of the Global Soil PartnershipThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website.. The year of awareness aims to increase
understanding of the importance of soil for food security and essential
ecosystem functions. Soils play a crucial role in food security, hunger
eradication, climate change adaptation, poverty reduction and sustainable
development.

Bonnie is one of several leaders who will address the assembly today, on World
Soil DayThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., about the importance of soil.
USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) - America's agency for soil
conservation, classification and studies - plans to make the year a memorable
one.

NRCS works hand-in-hand with producers through technical and financial
assistance programs and services to help ensure their success. The agency was
born amid the Dust Bowl era of the 1930s, the nation's largest environmental
disaster caused by over cultivation, drought and record-breaking temperatures.

"NRCS conservationists work with America's farmers and ranchers to take care of
the soil, ensuring agricultural operations are sustainable for many years to
come," NRCS Chief Jason Weller said.

For more information on International Year of Soils, visit www.nrcs.usda.gov/.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Joins Global Partners to Kick Off International Year of Soils in
2015

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, USDA joins nations from across the globe to kick off the International
Year of Soils, an effort to highlight the importance of soil in everyday life.
Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment Robert Bonnie will address
members of the 68th United Nations General Assembly, which designated 2015 for
the yearlong celebration.

"We are excited to be working with the United Nations to help raise awareness
and promote the importance of conservation of our soil resources," Bonnie said.
"USDA is embracing this unique opportunity to tell the world about the
importance of soil conservation and how we've worked with private landowners
since 1935 to protect and improve this priceless natural resource."

UN's Food and Agriculture Organization spearheaded the global International Year
of Soils campaign within the framework of the Global Soil PartnershipThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website.. The year of awareness aims to increase
understanding of the importance of soil for food security and essential
ecosystem functions. Soils play a crucial role in food security, hunger
eradication, climate change adaptation, poverty reduction and sustainable
development.

Bonnie is one of several leaders who will address the assembly today, on World
Soil DayThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., about the importance of soil.
USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) - America's agency for soil
conservation, classification and studies - plans to make the year a memorable
one.

NRCS works hand-in-hand with producers through technical and financial
assistance programs and services to help ensure their success. The agency was
born amid the Dust Bowl era of the 1930s, the nation's largest environmental
disaster caused by over cultivation, drought and record-breaking temperatures.

"NRCS conservationists work with America's farmers and ranchers to take care of
the soil, ensuring agricultural operations are sustainable for many years to
come," NRCS Chief Jason Weller said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Joins Global Partners to Kick Off International Year of Soils in
2015

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, USDA joins nations from across the globe to kick off the International
Year of Soils, an effort to highlight the importance of soil in everyday life.
Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment Robert Bonnie will address
members of the 68th United Nations General Assembly, which designated 2015 for
the yearlong celebration.

"We are excited to be working with the United Nations to help raise awareness
and promote the importance of conservation of our soil resources," Bonnie said.
"USDA is embracing this unique opportunity to tell the world about the
importance of soil conservation and how we've worked with private landowners
since 1935 to protect and improve this priceless natural resource."

UN's Food and Agriculture Organization spearheaded the global International Year
of Soils campaign within the framework of the Global Soil PartnershipThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website.. The year of awareness aims to increase
understanding of the importance of soil for food security and essential
ecosystem functions. Soils play a crucial role in food security, hunger
eradication, climate change adaptation, poverty reduction and sustainable
development.

Bonnie is one of several leaders who will address the assembly today, on World
Soil DayThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., about the importance of soil.
USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) - America's agency for soil
conservation, classification and studies - plans to make the year a memorable
one.

NRCS works hand-in-hand with producers through technical and financial
assistance programs and services to help ensure their success. The agency was
born amid the Dust Bowl era of the 1930s, the nation's largest environmental
disaster caused by over cultivation, drought and record-breaking temperatures.

"NRCS conservationists work with America's farmers and ranchers to take care of
the soil, ensuring agricultural operations are sustainable for many years to
come," NRCS Chief Jason Weller said.

For more information on International Year of Soils, visit www.nrcs.usda.gov/.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Joins Global Partners to Kick Off International Year of Soils in
2015

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, USDA joins nations from across the globe to kick off the International
Year of Soils, an effort to highlight the importance of soil in everyday life.
Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment Robert Bonnie will address
members of the 68th United Nations General Assembly, which designated 2015 for
the yearlong celebration.

"We are excited to be working with the United Nations to help raise awareness
and promote the importance of conservation of our soil resources," Bonnie said.
"USDA is embracing this unique opportunity to tell the world about the
importance of soil conservation and how we've worked with private landowners
since 1935 to protect and improve this priceless natural resource."

UN's Food and Agriculture Organization spearheaded the global International Year
of Soils campaign within the framework of the Global Soil PartnershipThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website.. The year of awareness aims to increase
understanding of the importance of soil for food security and essential
ecosystem functions. Soils play a crucial role in food security, hunger
eradication, climate change adaptation, poverty reduction and sustainable
development.

Bonnie is one of several leaders who will address the assembly today, on World
Soil DayThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., about the importance of soil.
USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) - America's agency for soil
conservation, classification and studies - plans to make the year a memorable
one.

NRCS works hand-in-hand with producers through technical and financial
assistance programs and services to help ensure their success. The agency was
born amid the Dust Bowl era of the 1930s, the nation's largest environmental
disaster caused by over cultivation, drought and record-breaking temperatures.

"NRCS conservationists work with America's farmers and ranchers to take care of
the soil, ensuring agricultural operations are sustainable for many years to
come," NRCS Chief Jason Weller said.

For more information on International Year of Soils, visit www.nrcs.usda.gov/.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DON'T EXPECT BUYING SPREE AT DAIRY EXPO

BYLINE:  ROB SCHULTZ  rschultz@madison.com, 608-252-6487

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 752 words


Milk prices may have reached record highs this year, but those who think that
will translate into a shopping free-for-all at the World Dairy Expo's trade show
this week at the Alliant Energy Center don't understand the cautious nature of a
dairy farmer, agriculture economics experts say.

"A few years ago when times weren't so good, I'm sure some farmers went to the
Expo and talked about how they were just coping," said Bruce Jones, an
agriculture and applied economics professor at UW-Madison. "This week the talk
will be that times are good but they don't know how long it will last."

Wisconsin farmers generated a record $5.6 billion in milk sales in 2013 due to a
1.7 percent boost in production and the second-highest average milk price ever,
according to the Status of Wisconsin Agriculture 2014 report.

Data from the United States Department of Agriculture's Economic Research
Service, which includes a forecast for 2014, show that farmers' assets are
continuing to grow as their debt shrinks. That means that instead of spending
frivolously when the cyclical nature of their work is trending upward, they are
getting smarter with their money and spending and investing it wisely, Jones
said.

"Farmers are preparing for times that aren't as favorable as they have been the
past two years. They're managing their money in a very prudent manner. That's a
good sign," Jones added.

But that's a bad sign for the companies manning trade-show booths at the Expo
that are trying to lure farmers flush with money into making discretionary
purchases of equipment like the UdderSinge, which removes a cow's udder hair
"painlessly with one pass of a cool flame."

It also probably means that the Expo's economic impact for the Madison area
won't grow wildly higher than the $25.5 million generated last year, said Steve
Deller, an agriculture and applied economics professor at UW-Madison who
analyzed the economic impact of the Expo on the area.

There's still optimism that the record milk prices will lead to a big boost in
sales at the 850-company trade show at the Expo that starts Tuesday. But any
record sales most likely will come from the corporate side of the dairy industry
involving cutting edge technology in genetics and robotics and dairy equipment,
Deller said.

"The World Dairy Expo is like a car show for a dairy farmer. They want to go
kick some tires, see what's happening." But for the big companies, he said, "the
trade show is more of a business."

Dairy industry companies come to the Expo's trade show to look at and buy what
can make them more efficient and profitable over time. They also swap
information about their products and talk about where the industry is headed.
"There are millions of dollars traded every day in some way, shape or form,"
said Scott Bentley, Expo general manager.

But the lifeblood of the Expo is the dairy farmer and they will spend money
wisely at the trade show, Jones said. They might head over to the genetics
booths and buy some semen or they'll look at software to help manage their
finances and herds. They might upgrade to a bigger tractor or invest in
robotics, he added.

"If I'm a vendor, I'm probably feeling good about (the Expo)," Jones said. "It
might be a couple of years since their clients made a big purchase so they might
be ready to make another move. It's still a good time to invest."

They just won't be spending money foolishly.

"The dairy farmer has gone through a maturation process in the sense that they
treat their farm as a business enterprise now," Deller said.

"They understand the up-anddown fluctuations now. They are paying down debt and
they are making wise investments and what they have left is what they can spend
this week."

IF YOU GO

What: World Dairy Expo

Where: Alliant Energy Center

When: Tuesday through Saturday

Admission: $10 for ages 12 and over.

Five-day pass: $30 Parking: Free Trade show hours: 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily

Tuesday cattle show: 2 p.m., International Jersey and International Milking
Shorthorn ? Heifers.

Wednesday: 12:30 p.m, International Milking Shorthorn ? Cows/ Groups; 2 p.m.,
International Brown Swiss ? Heifers.

Thursday: 7:30 a.m., International Brown Swiss ? Cows/ Groups; 1:30 p.m,
International Guernsey ? Heifers, International Red & White ? Heifers.

Friday: 7:30 a.m., International Red & White ? Cows/Groups, International
Guernsey ? Cows/ Groups; noon, International Holstein ? Heifers.

Saturday: 8 a.m.: International Holstein ? Cows/Groups. 5 p.m., Parade of
Champions and selection of the 2014 Supreme Champion.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          February 16, 2002, Saturday

R&D COUP FOR GENUS; BULL'S EYE!

BYLINE: David Mccoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 244 words

HIGHLIGHT: Farmers Basil Rea and David Kernohan chat with Dennis Wallace, sales
manager, and Jason Rankin, area manager New Zealand Genetics during a meeting at
the Fort Royal Hotel, Ballymena


GENUS plc, the fast-growing provider of technology for agriculture, has
developed a new 'designer' bull, called Machoman, which is the world leader and
best in breed, acccording to the United States Department of Agriculture.

Machoman is the latest product of Genus's pounds 8 million a year research and
development programme which engineered its specially designed genes, enabling it
to beat 750 other prize bulls to the title.

The ranking, whic gives Machoman world leadership, is based on highest type
merit involving numerous tests on both output and robustness of the bull's
calves.

The Genus breeding division is the world's leading cattle semen company.

Its research and development identifies improved cattle genetics which are sold
to farmers in 70 countries in the form of bull semen.

Machoman, currently in the stud in Canada, is expected to produce 120,000 doses
of semen a year, each of which will be priced at a premium rate so that
worldwide sales should exceed $ 5 million, and shipping to worldwide
destinations is expected to begin shortly.

Richard Wood, chief executive of Genus plc, said: "To have been awarded this
highly-prestigious international ranking proves that Genus's research programme
is unequalled in the area of practical genetic research.

"Prospective suitors are queuing up worldwide to receive this acclaimed semen.

"Machoman has joined our stable of decorated bulls in three Continents."

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited

                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 18, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Washington Talk: Briefing;
Poor Young Farmer

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 234 words


Senator David Karnes, Republican of Nebraska, is calling on the Federal
Department of Agriculture to change the way it interprets the definition of a
''person.''

Mr. Karnes, who fired off a letter on the semantic issue this week to
Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng, is concerned about the so-called $50,000
payment limit provision in the 1985 Farm Bill.

Under the law, when farmers, particularly those who are young or just starting
careers in agriculture, apply for a loan that is to be co-signed by a parent who
also farms, the Department of Agriculture interprets the two farms as a single
unit for farm program payment purposes.

The issue of nomenclature arises because of the way the department's Agriculture
Stabilization and Conservation Service, in establishing eligibility for
deficiency payments to farmers, defines a person.

Some young farmers have complained that if a parent has co-signed with them on a
bank loan, unrelated to the service's deficiency payment program, Agriculture
officials may later consider the two farming operations to be linked, or owned
by one person. As a result, the maximum of $50,000 would be available to only
one farmer, instead of to both.

The money is granted as an assistance payment when farmers, in poor crop years,
experience a deficit between the target price established by the Government for
a particular crop and the actual market price.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 10, 1983, Tuesday, Final Edition

U. S. Gives Saudis No-Embargo Pledge;
Inducement to Buy More Food Products

BYLINE: By Thomas W. Lippman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; D7

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, May 9, 1983


The United States has given Saudi Arabia a unilateral no-embargo pledge as an
inducement to the Saudis to increase their purchases of American food products,
Agriculture Secretary John R. Block announced today.

Block told the Saudis that the United States is committed to being "a reliable
supplier at world market prices," an assurance the Saudis sought because of this
country's record of invoking export restrictions in political disputes.

He said he decided during a recent visit to the kingdom that it was "crazy" for
the Saudis, who buy little food from the United States, to be spending billions
to develop agriculture in a hostile environment, while the United States is
taking land out of production.

Block said that he pleaded with the Saudis to retreat from their "thrust to
self-sufficiency at any cost," and "not to raise it if we can grow it cheaper."

When Saudi officials expressed "concern about the U.S. commitment to be a
reliable supplier of farm products," he wrote to them with President Reagan's
assent to promise that the United States would honor its commitments, Block
said.

His letter of reassurance is "now being studied by officials of the Saudi
government to make sure the language is acceptable to both parties," he said.
"When they have finished, it will be made part of the record."

Block was speaking at a conference on Saudi-U.S. business relations sponsored by
the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Saudi Gazette, an English-language
newspaper in Jeddah. In a luncheon address and a separate press conference, he
said he could not believe that it is desirable for Saudi Arabia to go on "paying
farmers $1,000 a ton to grow wheat in the desert while we are laying idle 82
million acres of the best farm land in the world" through the administration's
payment-in-kind program.

He said there was no discussion of a parallel commitment from Saudi Arabia to
keep oil flowing to the United States regardless of political developments.
Block said both sides recognize that "there is a great deal of interdependence"
in their relationship, and he argued that the doctrine of "comparative
advantage" should determine trade policy between the two countries.

"They have a comparative advantage in the production of oil, and we have a
comparative advantage in food," he said.

Saudi Arabia and the United States participated in the two best known trade
embargoes of recent history--the Arab oil embargo of 1973 and the U.S. ban on
grain exports to the Soviet Union after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.

It is probably too late for Saudi Arabia to give up its commitment to develop
indigenous agriculture. The country has allocated $21 billion for agriculture
and irrigation in the 1980-1985 period. Saudi Arabia already has approached
self-sufficiency in some dairy products, poultry and eggs, and is producing
about 400,000 tons of wheat a year. The country subsidizes the development of
every kind of agriculture, even paying 100 percent of the cost of flying
livestock into the kingdom.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post

                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday

Ensure beef safety

LENGTH: 387 words


Two boxes of short ribs were discovered among the 15.2 tons of beef that arrived
from the United States last week, a month after the resumption of imports. The
Agriculture Ministry has suspended further import from the meat processing plant
involved.

In the United States, the Bush administration is engaged in a fight to keep
meatpackers from testing all slaughtered cattle for mad cow disease.
Kansas-based Creekstone Farms Premium Beef wants to test all of its cows for the
disease, the human strain of which is fatal.

Larger meat companies do not wish to see this happen as the test is expensive.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture, on its part, argues that widespread testing
could potentially lead to a false positive that could harm the industry.
Currently, the USDA tests less than 1 percent of slaughtered cows for the
disease. The U.S. government's resistance to more widespread testing for mad cow
disease inspires very little confidence in consumers who are being told "U.S.
beef is good for you."

The World Organization for Animal Health recently ruled that the United States
is a "controlled risk nation," which means that it can export beef irrespective
of the animal's age. The United States is using this as added pressure to open
up the Korean market.

The Korean government, in response, earlier this week said that it would start
talks to revise the import rule and conduct its own independent risk assessment
analysis. However, how thorough the independent risk assessment analysis will be
remains to be seen: Agriculture Minister Park Hong-soo has said, "Purely
administrative parts of the eight-point checklist can be skipped by using
existing data."

Seoul has officially raised some questions about beef safety with the United
States. These include checking the origins of animals and meat, relatively lax
reporting requirements for cattle suspected of having mad cow disease, and the
continued use of animal parts for feed, which has been cited as the likely cause
of mad cow disease.

These are legitimate concerns that demand answers. Without satisfactory
responses, it will be difficult to earn the trust of the consumers. Korea has
the right to decide its own import conditions. Now that the government has
opened its doors to U.S. beef, it should do everything it can to ensure food
safety for its people.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            March 8, 1989, Wednesday

NATURE, POLICY COMBINE TO CUT GRAIN SUPPLIES

BYLINE: From Wire Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 553 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


No doubt that the 1988 drought in North America had much to do with the sharp
decline in world grain supplies, but a U.S. Department of Agriculture economist
says U.S. domestic farm policy also played an important role.

Frederic Surls of the department's Economic Research Service said last summer's
drought "abruptly changed the world grain situation" after a decade of urplus
and low prices to a period of tight supplies and rising prices.

"Part of the drop in world stocks over the last two years was intentional," he
said."Production consistently exceeded consumption through most of the 1980s.
Two years ago, world and U.S. stocks reached a record - both in total and in
relation to use. A major concern at that time was to balance supply and use by
stimulating consumption and discouraging production."

As part of the answer, the United States took large amounts of cropland from
production. Wheat farmers, for example, had to idle 27.5 percent of their base
acreage for both the 1987 and 1988 crops in order to qualify for government
supports.

Larger reductions also applied to corn and other "coarse" grains. The
Conservation Reserve Program, aimed at idling up to 45 million acres of fragile
cropland by the end of 1990, also took huge bites.

Mainly as a result of these government actions and lower prices, there was a 14
percent drop in the acreage planted to wheat and coarse grains between 1986 and
1988, Mr. Surls said in the March issue of Agricultural Outlook magazine.

"At the same time, low world prices discouraged production in other exporting
countries, particularly Argentina, Australia and Canada," he said. ''So
competitor production also leveled off, and foreign stocks, which were near a
record at the end of 1986-87, began to drop during 1987-88."

Mr. Surls said that at this point there was "an additional and dramatic role" by
the weather.

"In 1987, a poor monsoon in Asia sharply lowered world rice stocks," he said.
"Record drought in North America in 1988 was responsible for a sharp drawdown of
wheat and coarse grain stocks."

But Mr. Surls added: "There were no serious crop setbacks in most of the rest of
the world; foreign grain consumption increased despite tighter exporter
supplies."

World grain stocks at the end of the 1988-89 season are expected to be down 30
percent from a year ago to 279 million metric tons, the lowest in more than a
decade. Most of t he decline is in the United States, which held an average of
34 percent of the world's total between 1977 and 1987.

Just two years ago, the United States' grain inventory was a record 204 million
tons, or 45 percent of the world's total. By the end of this year, the United
States will hold only 74 million tons, or 27 percent of the total. Foreign
stocks are down, too, but their decline has been much smaller.

Mr. Surls said the current situation in some ways is similar to 1972-73. But
that was when the Soviet Union came into the U.S. market in a big way, and the
drop in stockpiles was due to exports, not production shortfalls.

"The dramatic growth of consumption and depletion of world stocks (in the early
1970s) created widespread pessimism about the world's ability to feed itself,"
he said. "Projections of long-term chronic shortages and higher prices became
common."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            May 27, 1987, Wednesday

LYNG TO PUSH FOR ACCORD TO END FARM SUBSIDIES

BYLINE: JOHN DAVIES; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said the United States will press for quick
international agreement on a plan to cut back or phase out a number of farm
subsidies.

Mr. Lyng said such elimination of aid to farmers is bound to be unpopular, but
said hebelieves such subsidy cuts could be made acceptable if enough ifferent
countries all eliminated them at the same time.

''Politically, it's very difficult for any nation to take these subsidies away
from its farmers," he said. "Politically, it's almost impossible for any one
nation to do it - but if we all do it, the farmers will accept it."

U.S. farmers, he said, are prepared to compete against other farmers anywhere in
the world, but they cannot compete against the treasuries of foreign countries.

The agriculture secretary said he would like to see preliminary agreements on
agriculture completed as early as fall of 1988 as the result of negotiations
taking place in Geneva on possible changes to the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade.

''I'm very much in support of early agreement," Mr. Lyng said. "We've talked
about fast tracks, we've talked about an early harvest of agreements."

The agriculture secretary said the United States is not trying to ram an
agreement down the throats of other agricultural nations, but he believes that
the way to get such a harvest is to plant seeds early.

''We would like to have something that can be finalized in the early part of the
new presidential term - whoever is president," he said at a press briefing
following a speech to the California Council on World Trade.

Mr. Lyng stopped short of saying whether the U.S. proposal, due to be presented
at the GATT in July, might include immediate elimination of farm subsidies on
some U.S. products.

''That hasn't been decided yet," he said.

Mr. Lyng said the United States provides $ 26 billion in agricultural subsidies.
The European Community is estimated to provide about $ 23 billion in subsidies.
Japan provides an estimated $ 10.5 billion.

Even though the United States may have the world's most extensive farm
subsidies, Mr. Lyng said he recognizes that subsidies are getting out of
control.

''It's a jungle out there and it's getting worse," he said. "There is more and
more subsidization of agricultural exports, and that's a problem."

The agriculture secretary said he was somewhat encouraged by the fact that the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which represents two
dozen nations, agreed earlier this month to call for reductions in agricultural
subsidies.

Mr. Lyng said that agreement is a step toward reducing and eventually
eliminating "the spiderweb of subsidies and trade barriers that restrict free
flow of food and fiber through world markets."

There is a good chance a substantive agreement on agriculture will be reached at
GATT, Mr. Lyng said, because major natio ns have agreed to give agriculture
center-stage priority and because of the serious consequences if nothing is
done.

''If we don't come to some agreements in GATT, the chaotic conditions that we're
in and that we're moving further into will just expand and get worse," he said.
"Almost every country in the world is unhappy about the agricultural situation -
it's costing them too much money, farmers are not being well paid or they don't
have markets for their products."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Institutional Strengthening and Reform of the Agriculture Sector III

LENGTH: 214  words


Sector : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT
Subsector : AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT-AGRICULTURAL POLICY
Project Type : Loan Operation
Environmental and Social Impact Category  : Uncategorized
Year and Category : 2017A
Project Status

: Preparation
Description : The proposed program is the third of three programmatic policy
based grants (PBGs), to support the Government of Haiti (GoH) to design and
implement policy, legal and institutional reforms in the agricultural sector.
Those reforms will address the policy, legal and institutional constraints that
negatively affect the effective and sustainable implementation, output delivery
and impact of the IDB-financed investment operations currently under execution
and expected for the following years in the agricultural sector. The first
operation was aproved on May 2012 and the second one on June 2013.


Financial Information :
Estimated IDB Financing :
Financing Type  : IDB Grant Facility
Reporting currency : USD - United States Dollars
Amount  : USD 15,000,000
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : INTER-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK

Address : 1300 New York Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20577

Country :United States
Url : http://www.iadb.org /

Financier : INTER-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (IADB),

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          November 11, 1987 Wednesday

U.S. offers Soviet Union more subsidized wheat

BYLINE: MAGGIE McNEIL; REUT

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  MAGGIE McNEIL
 Reuter
  WASHINGTON
  The Reagan Administration has offered the Soviet Union an additional 2.4
million metric tons of low-priced, subsidized U.S. wheat.

The U.S. Agriculture Department said the wheat sales will be made under
its export subsidy program to buyers in the Soviet Union at competitive
world prices. They will be subsidized with surplus Government-owned
commodities that will be released to private exporters.

The subsidies will enable U.S. exporters to compete at commercial
prices in the Soviet market, the Agriculture Department said.

Moscow has already purchased over four million tons of subsidized U.S.
wheat under an offer made last year by the Administration.

The new U.S. wheat offer to Moscow was hailed by some members of
Congress.

'I am happy to see that the Administration is now using the EEP  (Export
Enhancement Program) as Congress intended - to recapture markets  lost because
of subsidization,' said Senate Agriculture Committee  chairman Patrick Leahy, a
Vermont Democrat.

But grain exporters contacted expressed surprise that Moscow was not
offered another four million tons.

A senior Agriculture Department official said the U.S. offer was made
in response to what Soviet officials have said they would buy under a U.S.
subsidy.

'All we know is that the Soviets are interested in buying 2.4 million  tons of
wheat under our EEP,' said Richard Goldberg, acting  undersecretary of
agriculture.

He did not rule out the possibility of another U.S. subsidy offer once
the Soviets have bought the 2.4 million tons. 'We go from day to day . .
. we make the decisions as they come up,' he said.

The United States and the Soviet Union are in the final year of a five-
year pact under which Moscow has agreed to buy a total of nine million
tons of U.S. grain - four million tons each of wheat and corn and an
additional 500,000 tons of either soybeans or soybean products, or another
one million tons of wheat or corn.

Last year, Moscow fulfilled its wheat and corn purchases, but bought
only 68,000 tons of soybeans. Technically, the Soviet Union did not live
up to the agreement and some trade sources had expected the United States
to offer Moscow 4.7 million tons of subsidized wheat - the amount offered
last year plus last year's shortfall in grain purchases.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
