



Download Request: Select Items: 501-998
Time Of Request: Saturday, March 11, 2017  00:23:59 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (united states agriculture farming)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 9, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AS MIDWEST'S FARMERS FACE DISASTERS, NEW ENGLAND'S 'GET BY'

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 51, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 900 words

DATELINE: NORWICH, Vt.


Tilling the rocky soil of New England is not the way to make a fortune.

But for Jake Guest, who farms 30 acres of vegetables along the Connecticut River
in northern Vermont, the year will show a modest profit. Not an easy one and not
a huge one, but a profit nonetheless.

Although Mr. Guest and other New England farmers, who grow a variety of fruits
and vegetables, among them corn, tomatoes and peppers, rarely make the
tremendous profits that their Middle Western counterparts can reap in a good
year, neither do they risk the catastrophic losses that can result from a single
failed wheat or corn crop.

''I work nine months a year, and I collect an income for about five months of
that,'' said Mr. Guest, who lives in a comfortable New England farmhouse with
his wife and two children. Even so, he said, ''We get by.''

Low Indebtedness in Region

New England has not been at the center of American farming since the years after
the Civil War, when the rolling fields of Ohio and the Great Plains of Iowa,
Kansas and Nebraska drew the country's breadbasket west. What stayed behind was
a farm community built not around big cash grain crops but around small dairy
and vegetable farms that serve mainly the region.

The dairy farms have struggled, but the vegetable farms continue to thrive,
serving communities from Portland, Maine, to Washington.

''Financial Characteristics of U.S. Farms,'' an annual publication of the
Department of Agriculture, notes that even with dairy farms included, farmers in
the Northeast have one of the country's lowest rates of indebtedness compared
with assets.

The report also says the value of farm land, which has plummeted in many parts
of the country, especially the northern Middle West, has actually increased in
New England.

'Not Going Broke'

According to Department of Agriculture figures, while more than 60,000 American
farms are technically insolvent, only 2,000 of those are in New England, less
than 2 percent of the 120,000 total farms in the region.

Assessing New England's vegetable farmers, Rob R. Hedberg, the Windsor County,
Vt., county agricultural extension agent for the University of Vermont, said,
''They're not getting rich, but they're not going broke either,''

Agriculture officials point out a number of reasons for the relative success and
stability of the vegetable farmers from the region.

For one thing, New England farmers are close to the urban centers along the
Eastern Seaboard, said Robert Milton, an economic analyst with the Department of
Agriculture. ''That gives them relatively easy access to important markets,'' he
said.

Smaller Parcel, Smaller Risk

The New England vegetable farmer also typically manages a smaller parcel of land
than his Middle Western counterpart. That limits the New Englander's potential
for big profits, but it also hedges against the possibility of a single
devastating season.

And, perhaps most important, the New England vegetable farmers typically take
more than 20 different productsto market in the course of the short growing
season. That, too, both limits and protects the New Englanders. If the price for
tomatoes collapses, the green pepper harvest may compensate. And if both show a
loss, the farmer can always try to make it up in potatoes or pumpkins.

''It helps cushion New England farmers against catastrophe,'' Mr. Milton said.

Because farmers work small pieces of land, they always hover just around the
profit line. They cushion themselves against loss by retailing their crops
themselves rather than relying on middlemen, Mr. Hedberg said.

'A Little of a Lot of Things'

And retailing means stocking a variety of products, not just a single crop, and
keeping up to date on market demands, he added. This helps prevent dramatic
overproduction or underproduction.

''I have a roadside stand, so I have to grow a little of a lot of things,'' Mr.
Guest said, ''I can't just tell people they have to eat broccoli for a month.''

The need to be retailers has made many farmers, especially those newer to the
business, dependent on the farmers' markets in small towns all over New England.
On a busy weekend, the Norwich farmers' market bustles with dozens of local
farmers and hundreds of customers who come from throughout New Hampshire and
Vermont for fresh vegetables.

To be sure, farmers in New England, like farmers everywhere, have their
obstacles. The success of recent years has inevitably drawn more competition to
the area.

Wintertime for Planning

So for Mr. Guest, the long and cold New England winter is a time for some
figuring, to come up with a way to get a little edge on the competition,
planting the lettuce a little earlier, perhaps, or planting an extra patch of
melons.

Still, the edge he seeks is not a matter of survival, and that sets him apart,
this year anyway, from a big chunk of American farmers.

As Mr. Guest surveyed the last of his pumpkin crop, he kicked a few that had
rotted or frozen in the overnight cold. He grumbled at the loss - a prime
jack-o'-lantern can bring $6 at his stand -but found enough healthy ones to fill
his truck.

He loaded them carefully, making sure not to damage the stems, the ''handles''
that separate an acceptable pumpkin from a standout. ''There's a saying around
here: You don't sell the pumpkin, you sell the handle,'' he said, lifting a
hefty one from underneath.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Jake Guest, a Vermont vegetable farmer (NYT/Tom Fiddaman)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                           November 11, 1999 Thursday

Bin busters drive prices down ;
 Large corn, bean crops spell more trouble for farmers

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 25

LENGTH: 629 words


Farmers in the United States have harvested the third-largest crop on record and
recorded the second-best yield ever, according to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

That means they'll have to live with low prices for a while longer.

Season-average corn, soybean and wheat price estimates were a nickel or more
lower after the USDA's annual Crop Production Report was released Wednesday
morning. The corn crop is now estimated at 9.54 billion bushels, up 1 percent
from a month ago, and soybeans at 2.67 billion bushels, down 1 percent.

The November crop report is among the most important for the grain trade, since
it's based on actual figures.

The big crop comes as no surprise to central Illinois elevator operators.

"We built a 250,000-bushel bin this summer; Mechanicsburg (elevator) did the
same," said Jeff Ramsey, who operates Ramsey Grain Co. in Rochester with his
father, Robert. "A lot of elevators expanded in anticipation of the big crop."

Farmers in Sangamon County took out better crops than they originally expected,
given the dry weather.

"But we didn't have giant, bin-busting crops around here," said Ramsey.

Statewide, the official crop report, the first of the season to give actual
harvested numbers, put Illinois' average corn yield at 156 bushels per acre,
five bushels above last year. Production was 1.555 billion bushels, 6 percent
higher than last year.

The Illinois soybean crop yielded 44 bushels per acre, a bushel below the 1998
yield. That puts production at 462.3 million bushels, just below last year's
record 464.2 million bushels.

Nationwide, corn production is forecast at 9.54 billion bushels, down 2 percent
from last year. The nationwide average corn yield is expected to be 134.5
bushels per acre, nearly the same as last year's 134.4 bushels.

Soybean production for the United States is forecast at 2.67 billion bushels,
down 2 percent from last year's record 2.74 billion bushels. The average yield
is expected to be 36.7 bushels per acre, 2.2 bushels below the 1998 yield.

The USDA also made a rare update of the U.S. wheat harvest, lowering it to 2.31
billion bushels.

The bulging stocks contained in the report have pushed crop prices even lower.
By mid-day Wednesday, corn was down 2 cents and soybeans, 8 cents.

"This report will probably make the corn market go even cheaper over the next
few weeks," said John O'Keefe of Bates Commodities in Springfield. "We've still
got the same problem of way too much supply of wheat, corn and beans. How cheap
we have to go, I don't know."

The market isn't likely to turn around unless a major weather problem occurs
elsewhere in the world. South American farmers are currently planting soybeans
and corn, and Australian farmers are tending their wheat crop.

December futures prices are currently $1.98 for corn, $4.62 for soybeans and
$2.50 for wheat.

"I think we could see another 10 to 15 cents taken off corn," Bates said. "It's
depressing. It amounts to farmers needing to ride out the storm."

Dan Zwicker, market analyst for AgriVisor Services, agreed.

"The numbers are all bearish," said Zwicker. "They paint a balance sheet of over
2 billion bushels of corn left over (in carryover stocks) and soybeans with
ending stocks of 395 million bushels. At the end of the day after this report,
there's just nothing there to excite, so the market turns lower."

Farmers face a huge problem with carryover stocks growing the past few years.

Several factors have contributed to the problem - continued high production by
farmers, coupled with loss of demand for crops due to the Asian market crisis
that occurred two years ago.

"I don't see anything happening real soon to change the overall balance sheet,"
Zwicker said.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 1999 The State Journal-Register


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 4, 2015

Dryland roots: WSU Lind station looks back on century of solving farm challenges

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 649  words


The Washington State University Dryland Research Station will celebrate its
100th anniversary at the annual Lind Field Day Thursday, June 11.

With six faculty and staff, the Lind station is small. But as the driest state
or federal dryland agriculture research facility in the United States -- it
averages 9.52 inches of annual precipitation -- it has made many contributions
to dryland farming in its first century.

Station's roots established

Wheat farming began in the drylands of Washington in the early 1880s. Immigrants
arrived from America's Midwest, northern and central Europe, and Russia --
notably Volga Germans leaving the czar's empire with hopes of better lives in
the United States.

Claiming 160 acres per adult under the Homestead Act, pioneers had much to learn
about farming in the semiarid inland Pacific Northwest. Settlers found little
rain in summer and soil prone to wind erosion.

"Some back-to-back drought years in the early 1900s were particularly tough,"
Bill Schillinger, WSU professor and director of the Lind station, said. "Crops
were poor and zero-visibility dust storms were regularly reported in regional
newspaper accounts."

Farmers and landlords wanted research-based knowledge about how to survive in
such a dry, harsh climate. An agriculture experimental station had been founded
at State College of Washington in Pullman, but the need was clear for research
in areas receiving less than 12 inches of annual precipitation.

When Adams County stepped up, deeding 320 acres to the college, the Lind Dryland
Research Station was launched April 1, 1915.

Research addresses problems

Over the century, WSU researchers have worked with farmers to solve the
challenges of the drylands. Yield numbers tell the story of success.

In 1915, the average winter wheat yield after a year of fallow in Adams County
was 10 bushels per acre. Today, it is 50 bushels. The increase is due to
breeding, machinery, soil and residue management, fertilizer and weed and
disease control practices -- all driven by research.

"This region is truly unique. Farmers plant winter wheat deeper than anywhere
else in the world," Schillinger, whose research program focuses on soil and
residue management, wheat physiology and alternative crops, said. "WSU wheat
breeders developed varieties that can push through five inches of soil to make a
healthy start."

Lind researchers addressed wind erosion with conservation tillage methods that
result in equal or greater grain yields than traditional practices.

"The key is to leave ample year-round residue cover on the soil and do as little
tillage as feasible during fallow periods," Schillinger said.

Reality check

Farmers and Lind researchers have remained staunch allies as they promote
priorities in the field, at WSU and in the legislative capitals of Olympia and
Washington, DC.

"There are wheat varieties that look great at Pullman and pretty good at Dusty,"
Mark

Schoesler, state senator and dryland wheat farmer, said. "But if you bring it to
Lind, and it doesn't die, you probably have a winner. Lind is the real-world
test. It's a reality check."

Attending Lind Field Day has always been part of being a dryland farmer,
Schoesler said.

"We've survived for 100 years with local and state support," he said. "That
we've persevered is a real tribute to the wheat industry and WSU."

Only eruption canceled field day

The Lind Field Day has been held every year since 1916 with one exception: 1980,
following the Mount St. Helens eruption May 18 that covered the area with five
inches of heavy ash.

The 2015 field day will begin at 8:30 a.m. Thursday, June 11, at the station,
781 E. Experiment Station Rd., Lind. Tours, presentations and lunch are
included. Learn more at bit. ly/lACwlDL.

Visit lindstation.wsu.edu/for more information, including downloads of major
publications from research conducted at Lind and in farmers' fields during the
past 100 years.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Othello Outlook


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

Wisconsin leads the nation in many areas of organic farming

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 271  words


Rod Nilsestuen, Secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and
Consumer Protection today congratulated the Midwest Organic & Sustainable
Education Service (MOSES) for their hard work and contributions to Wisconsin
agriculture.

MOSES recently drew more than 2,700 attendees to their 21st annual Organic
Farming Conference, which was held in La Crosse on Feb. 25-27. The conference
began with just 90 participants 20 years ago. Wisconsin is now one of the
nation's top states in organic farming.

"Agricultural diversity and the opportunity for farms of all sizes to succeed
are top priorities for Wisconsin," Secretary Rod Nilsestuen said. "I want to
thank MOSES for its continued help in bringing farmers together, valuing the
land and making our state a leader."

Wisconsin is home to 1,222 organic farms, second only to California, and leads
the nation in many categories of organic farming. Wisconsin is number one in
organic cranberry and beef sales and has more organic farms producing dairy,
chicken eggs, corn for grain, and beef cows than any other state.

Sales of organic products account for almost $133 million annually in Wisconsin,
and most of these sales were local, with 56 percent occurring within 100 miles
of the farm.

Organic dairy was the state's leading product. Sixty-four percent of organic
sales, or $85.1 million, was from cows' milk.

Information about the Midwest Organic & Sustainable Education Service is
available at www.mosesorganic.org. Statistical information about organic farming
in Wisconsin is available at: http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publi
cations/2007/Online_Highlights/Org anics/.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2010 The Blair Press Taylor


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            August 2, 2008 Saturday

Group pushes organic farming in the city

BYLINE: By Ira Karen Apanay

LENGTH: 273 words


TO promote organic farming in the city, the Organic Producers and Trade
Organization will submit a P70-million project proposal to Agriculture Secretary
Arthur Yap next week.

Pabs Villegas, an officer of the organization, said the project aims to create
jobs and give a source of healthy foods for people in the city.

Villegas said they would tap the idle lands of the University of the Philippines
in Diliman, Quezon City, and the Philippine Army in Fort Bonifacio as possible
places to grow organic vegetables, which will be sold for public consumption.

Villegas said they would conduct seminars, trainings on organic agriculture if
their project pushes through. He said his group is willing to pay a rental fee
for the lands to be used.

Villegas, also president and chief executive of Meganomics Group, is hoping that
the Department of Agriculture will support the project.

"The government must invest in organic foods because there is a big market due
to the deteriorating lifestyle of the people," Villegas said in a press
briefing.

Villegas said they have chosen UP Diliman and the Philippine Army lands because
unlike the FTI compound, the two locations are not choke points.

Data from Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations showed nearly
31 million hectares, or roughly 2 percent of the world's farmland, was farmed
organically in 2005, generating sales of about $24 billion in Europe, the United
States, Canada and Asia in 2006.

In the Philippines alone, there are 30,000 hectares devoted to organic farming.
"Maybe more than [that] because of the indigenous people, who also use organic
farming," Villegas added.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2008 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Times-Journal (Condon, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 27, 2010

Climate Friendly Farming project outlines how to make ag more sustainable

BYLINE: The Times-Journal staff

LENGTH: 541  words


New agricultural practices, technology and strategies could dramatically reduce
the greenhouse gas emissions associated with climate change, increase the amount
of carbon held in the soil and replace products made with fossil fuels with
those made with biomass, according to a report by Washington State University.

WSU's Center for Sustaining Agriculture and Natural Resources, in partnership
with the Paul G Allen Family Foundation, released the "Climate Friendly Farming"
report today to outline the progress of a five-year project aimed at turning
farms from greenhouse gas emitters to carbon sinks. The foundation funded the
"Climate Friendly Farming Project" in 2004 with a $3.75 million grant to CSANR.
The goal was to find ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with
agriculture, restore carbon to soils and replace fossil fuels with biomass.

"The Climate Friendly Farming project has been successful well beyond our
expectations," said Anson Fatland, senior program officer for science and
technology innovations with the Paul G Allen Family Foundation. "With strong
scientific foundations, the team has addressed greenhouse gas emissions and
carbon sequestration in on-farm settings and made significant advancements in
replacing fossil fuel-derived products with those derived from biomass. The farm
of tomorrow will be more productive, with a smaller environmental footprint,
thanks to the work of this group."

Dan Bernardo, dean of the WSU College of Agricultural, Human, and Natural
Resource Sciences, said the project results to date build a scientific base to
support specific on-farm practices.

"The Climate Friendly Farming Project is an extraordinary interdisciplinary
effort that involved some of the most prominent agricultural researchers at
WSU," he said. "Sound public policy in this arena must be based upon rigorous
scientific analysis. This report provides the most comprehensive assessment to
date of the greenhouse gas emissions from Pacific Northwest agricultural
systems."

Chad Kruger, interim director of CSANR, agreed. He said overcoming obstacles
facing farmers wanting to adopt new practices is the next step.

"Regardless of what happens with climate change and greenhouse gas policy, many
of the management practices and technologies we evaluated can provide win-win
scenarios for farmers and the environment," Kruger said. "Overcoming technical
and economic barriers will enable our farmers to be more sustainable."

The project focused on agriculture's relationship to greenhouse gases in dairy
production, dryland grain farming and irrigated crop farming. The
interdisciplinary team that tackled the issues included soil scientists,
bio-systems engineers and economists from WSU and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Agricultural Research Service.

Specifically, the report explores and outlines the benefits of technology such
as anaerobic digestion of dairy manure; conservation tillage to decrease erosion
and other loss of carbon in the soil; managing carbon inputs such as crop
residues, green manures and organic amendments to increase soil carbon; and
improving nitrogen use efficiency to minimize one of the most significant
greenhouse gases.

The report is available at http://csanr.wsu.edu/CFF/.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Environment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJC

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Journal


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  February 12, 1986, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. plan seen cutting our farm incomes 10%

BYLINE: By John Spears Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1044 words


   Canadian farmers will see their incomes hammered 10 per cent lower during the
next two years because of a U.S. farm policy, says a big U.S. economic
forecasting firm.

A Manitoba agricultural economist says Western Canada's grain growers could
suffer an income drop of up to 20 per cent - with no guarantee that one or two
tough years will turn the farm economy around as the U.S. hopes.

Eastern farmers won't escape either, since prices for corn - Ontario's biggest
crop - will suffer along with western wheat.

Chase Econometrics predicts that during the next two years, Canadian farmers
will see their net profits slashed by 10 per cent from 1985 levels, or 20 per
cent below their returns in 1984.

Hardest hit will be grain prices - the heart of the western farm industry, and
one of Canada's main export commodities.

The source of the problem is the new U.S. Farm Bill proper name , which sets
American farm policy for the next four years.

Under the Farm Bill, the administration of President Ronald Reagan has slashed
the U.S. "loan rate" for grain - and the loan rate supports prices for grains on
all world markets. The loan rate for wheat will drop 27 per cent this year, and
for corn 25 per cent.

U.S. farmers can take out loans and offer their grain as security. If the price
of their grain falls below the loan rate, they simply default on the loan and
the U.S. government, in effect, buys their grain at the loan rate.

Since the U.S. is the world's biggest grain exporter, the loan rate has a
tremendous impact on world prices.

In slashing the loan rate, the U.S. has hoped to make U.S. farmers sell this
year's crop instead of forfeiting it to the government on the loan program.

That will lower prices, which the architects of the farm policy hope will also
help to sell the huge stocks of grain that have built up in the past few years.
(The surplus stocks, tragically, have accumulated at the same time as famine has
devastated parts of Africa.)

But the U.S. protects its own farmers from the lower prices. They will get
substantial subsidies to make up for the drop in prices.

Since Canada sells most of its western wheat and barley on world markets, the
Chase Econometrics study predicts sharply Canadian lower farm incomes along with
the low prices.

Net farm profits will slip to about $3.5 billion this year from the 1985 level
of $3.8 billion, the Chase study says. And the 1985 profit level was already
down 12 per cent from 1984.

The profit figures are referred to in the forecast as realized net income, which
is simply a total of all farm income, minus expenses and depreciation. Inventory
values aren't included.

"I'm not sure whether Canadian farmers or Canada as a whole realize how hard
this is going to hit the Canadian economy," Allen Shiau, who prepared the
forecast, said in an interview yesterday.

While Canadian income slides, Shiau said, lower production costs and domestic
subsidies will push U.S. farm incomes 9 per cent higher in 1986, and nearly 15
per cent higher in 1987.

The most immediate problem for Canadian farmers, and for the federal government,
is how to set the "initial price" for the 1986 western wheat crop.

The Canadian Wheat Board markets most Western Canadian grain, and it tells
farmers before they plant their crop what the initial price will be.

The initial price - usually set at a very conservative level - is what the wheat
board thinks it can get for Canadian grain on the world market, and farmers are
guaranteed the initial price as a minimum. If the wheat board does better than
anticipated, it distributes the surplus as a "final payment."

The Chase study makes the gloomy prediction that the initial price for top
quality western wheat will fall $20 a tonne to $140.

That's just a guess, of course. The initial payment is ultimately set by the
federal government, and the politicians may decide such a sharp price drop is
too drastic.

Daryl Kraft, a professor of agricultural economics at the University of
Manitoba, said he figures the initial price will have to drop a minimum of $10 a
tonne.

And to accurately reflect the probable market price for the 1986 crop, it would
probably have to drop $30 a tonne, or nearly 20 per cent, he said. That's more
or less where the futures market is holding prices for December, 1986, wheat.

Prices that low would hammer western grain growers, Kraft said. The lower price
would come straight off growers' profits, since they can't expect any decrease
in production costs.

They might switch out of wheat and barley, and into oilseeds such as flax or
canola. But that would simply depress the oilseed market.

Grain growers with less than 75 per cent equity in their farms will be in
trouble, Kraft said.

"Many farmers with greater than 25 per cent debt, and whose predominant income
is from cereal grains, won't be able to make all their financial commitments
next year," he said.

If the low prices persist for more than two or three years, those farmers will
start being forced off their land.

The farm bill, of course, foresees only a year or two of low prices, while
surplus stocks are cleared.

But Kraft said it will take more than low grain prices to start moving grain on
world markets.

To clear the stocks, he said, much of it will have to go to developing
countries. If their incomes don't grow, they won't increase purchases even with
low prices.

Low oil prices will have to persist to permit these developing countries to
spend money on food rather than energy.

And the U.S. dollar - the currency in which grains are priced - will have to
stay low.

"That's where I become a little uneasy," said Kraft. "If those other things
don't come about, we could be sitting on these grain surpluses at even lower
prices."

Turning to the Eastern Canadian farm economy, the Chase economists see corn
prices tumbling 17 per cent this year because of the farm bill.

Corn is Ontario's biggest cash crop, so that's bad news for more than 20,000
corn growers.

On the other hand, since corn is used for animal feed, it will lower the cost of
raising livestock.

But Kraft warned against much optimism that lower feed prices will be a great
boon.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Reagan

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 25, 1978 Saturday

TRADE REPORT   Farm products

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 163 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ON


OTTAWA (CP) - Preliminary figures indicate an $800-million trade surplus
 in agricultural products last year, largely because of grain and oilseed
 exports, the federal Agriculture Department says.

Exports earned $4.2-billion in 1977, while $3.4-billion was paid for
 imports. The trade deficit with the United States grew to $1.3-billion
 from $1.25-billion, meaning almost three times as much food and fibre was
 imported from the United States as was exported there.

Agricultural economist Jim Lohoar said the trade deficit with the
 United States could be reduced by increasing production of pork, corn and
 soybeans. However, a great deal of the deficit is composed of fresh
 fruits and vegetables that either can't be grown here or can be grown
 only during the summer months.

Growing numbers of pigs on farms in Canada should help cut the 200
 million pounds of pork brought in from the United States last year. Also,
 increasing corn and soybean production should help the trade figures.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 3, 2014

Record planting of soybeans; milk production

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 266  words


Brommerich News Service -Soybean growers in the United States planted more than
84 million acres this year, a record-high up 11 percent over 2013, according to
the federal Department of Agriculture.

Growth in soybeans was noted in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, Nebraska, North
Dakota, South Dakota, New York and Pennsylvania.

National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) said 94 percent of planted
soybeans were biotech varieties, a one percent gain since 2013.

Corn acreage was down, estimated at 91.6 million acres, a 4 percent decline, yet
the 5th largest corn crop on record in the past 70 years, NASS said.

Nearly 84 million acres of corn was expected to be harvested for grain.

Grain stocks in storage were estimated at 405 million bushels of soybeans in
June, down 7 percent from a year ago.

Corn stocks in storage were figured at 3.85 billion bushels, up 39 percent from
a year ago. Wheat storage totaled 590 million bushels, down 18 percent.

Milk production in Wisconsin set a record 2.39 billion pounds in May as dairy
farmers across the state milked an estimated 1.27 million cows.

Monthly production per oow averaged 1,880 pounds, another record high for
Wisconsin, but less than national average of 1,976 pounds, NASS reported.'

Production per cow topped 2,000 pounds in May in the states of Arizona,
California, Colorado, Idaho, Michigan, New Mexico, Texas and Washington. New
Mexico led at 2,240 pounds per cow.

California had the most dairy cows in May, some 1.78 million head. Wisconsin
ranked 2nd. The 23-major dairy states combined had 8.55 million dairy cows, up
10,000 head from April.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Blair Press Taylor


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 24, 2008 Thursday

North Korea TV details global food crisis, emphasizes farming, self-sufficiency

LENGTH: 770 words


In a rare vehicle, Pyongyang television carries a programme detailing the causes
and consequences of the global food crisis and exhorting viewers to attain
"self-sufficiency in food" by concentrating on farming with their "own
strength." This programme is aired on 22 July, the day DPRK media gave extensive
coverage to a single detailed report on the global food crisis.

At 1044 gmt on 22 July, Pyongyang Korean Central Television (KCTV) via Satellite
in Korean carries an approximately 15-minute "intensive programme" entitled "Let
Us Cope With Food Crisis Sweeping Through the World by Concentrating All Our
Efforts on Agriculture." "Intensive programmes" are a very rare vehicle for
Pyongyang television to employ: they were aired only three times prior to this
instance - in September and October 2005 - all ostensibly aimed at giving a
boost to major economic projects or movements.

This particular television programme follows the prominent coverage given by
Pyongyang radio and major press to a single report detailing the global food
crisis on the same day.

This programme emphasizes that the global food crisis is "serious" and explains
the causes - citing the "inhumane biofuel policies of some Western countries,
including the United States" as an example - and the "tragic consequences" of
it. After noting that more and more countries are conducting policies of
attaching importance to farming to tide over the food crisis, the programme
appeals to "all functionaries and workers" to "solve the food problem and the
eating problem with their own strength at all costs by concentrating all their
efforts on farming." The programme reinforces this appeal by saying "there is no
task as urgent and important as solving the people's food problem and eating
problem under the condition where the world is currently experiencing a serious
food crisis" and assuring viewers that the DPRK "can attain self-sufficiency in
food as much as it wants" if it "farms well with its own strength."

The programme is divided into three segments, summarized below:

Interview with KCNA Bureau Director

"People's reporter Han So'k-ch'o'n, Korean Central News Agency [KCNA] bureau
director"; prior to this programme, Han appeared in a television "dialogue" in
April explaining the situation in Iraq

Han's comments begin with an introduction to soaring international food prices,
citing Thai and US white rice prices as examples. Han says a major cause of the
current food crisis is the imbalance between global crop output and consumption,
noting crop consumption in 2007 exceeded output by 23 million tonnes. Han points
to the "sharply increasing number of starving people around the world,"
particularly in Africa and Central America, as a consequence of food shortages.

Maintaining that "there are no prospects for the ongoing food crisis to be
resolved easily due to its serious causes," Han cites biofuel production by "the
United States and various other countries" as a major cause of food shortages.
As an example, Han says the United States used up 80 million tonnes of corn in
2007 to produce ethanol. Han cites climate change and growing populations as
other causes of rising food prices.

Next, Han explains worldwide efforts to curb rising food prices and ensure food
security, citing an emergency UN-led meeting in April, a meeting of world food
consumers in June, and the G-8 summit in July as examples.

Han concludes by noting that more and more countries are now shifting to
policies that attach importance to agriculture and that they are "taking steps
towards food self-sufficiency by developing agriculture in one's own country."

Interview with Agriculture Ministry Official

Ri Pyo'ng-chun, director of a Ministry of Agriculture office"

Noting that "there is nowhere to purchase rice from, nor does anybody want to
give it, because every country in the world is now experiencing a food crisis,"
Ri underscores the importance of "solving the serious food problem with our own
strength" by "decisively increasing" crop output. Ri stresses upholding the
party's "seed revolution policy," planting more high-yield varieties,
introducing advanced farming technology and methods, improving soil fertility by
increasing fertilizer production, stepping up two-crop and three-crop farming,
and minimizing flood damage.

In the last segment, the programme introduces U'njo'ng Cooperative Farm in
So'nch'o'n County as a model farm which has increased crop output and improved
farmers' living standards "every year" by farming "with its own strength" since
1996.

Source: Korean Central Satellite TV, Pyongyang, in Korean 1044 gmt 22 Jul 08

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           August 23, 2000, Wednesday

Meat high on the menu

BYLINE: ROBSON Seth

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Pg. 9; LAND OF PLENTY NEWS REVIEW

LENGTH: 839 words


Sheep and beef farmers, already reaping the benefits of excellent market
conditions this year, are positioning themselves to cash in on growing world
demand for meat. SETH ROBSON reports.

Mild weather, the low Kiwi dollar, and high demand from key export markets have
spelled good news for sheep and beef farmers over the last 12 months. The group
was earmarked as the big winner in a series of Ministry of Agriculture and
Forestry farm monitoring reports released this month, that Agriculture Minister
Jim Sutton cited as evidence of a return to New Zealand agriculture's boom days.

According to the reports, sheep properties on the downs and plains of the east
coast averaged 125 per cent lambing this season and their 16.5kg lambs were a
full 1kg heavier than the previous year on average.

Sheep and beef farmers saw the surplus rise on average from $ 54,500 in 1998-99
to $ 82,700 in 1999-2000. The surplus is forecast to rise to $ 100,300 in
2000-2001.

Experts such as Meat New Zealand chief executive Neil Taylor are forecasting
more success over the next 12 months.

"Markets in Europe and the US are quite firm and look promising going into the
new season. Production will be marginally down from the boom of this season over
the next 12 months, but is still expected to be high," he says.

The main concerns in the next year will be the weather and fluctuations in the
exchange rate.

The record deluge in Canterbury last weekend would have cost most farmers some
stock losses, but is generally seen as positive because it has staved off the
possibility of another drought.

Meat Industry Association executive director Brian Lynch is also forecasting a
bright future for sheep and beef farmers.

"New Zealand's meat industry is in better heart today than for many a year," he
said. "A benign growing season after two years of awful droughts does wonders
for the bank balance as well as being a welcome boost to morale.

"It is my firm belief that our meat industry is poised to enter a period of
solid progress unparalleled in its 120-year history."

Mr Lynch shrugs off widespread claims about a downturn in world meat
consumption.

With the world population rapidly increasing and forecasts of booming Asian and
South America economies in the coming decades, red meat consumption is likely to
increase, he says.

But in order to take advantage of growing demand, farmers must first grapple
with change.

"The modern consumer in the markets that count most for us has an abundance of
choice and is very choosy," Mr Lynch says.

"To be competitive, New Zealand meats must be attractively packaged, convenient
to handle, and easy to prepare. They must promise to be safe to eat, nutritious,
and tasty, and to provide value for money.

"If our products fail to meet those standards the neighbouring supermarket
cabinet holds plenty of alternative offerings," he says.

Overseas major retailers are becoming increasingly influential and lay down
precise specifications to ensure customers' expectations are met. They are
rarely interested in contracts that cover fewer than 12 months delivery of a
product that is ready for immediate use with minimal preparation.

Mr Lynch says New Zealand farmers and processors must gear the industry towards
meeting those requirements.

Significant progress has already occurred.

As recently as the early 1990s, Britain still took two-thirds of lamb exports
and 80 per cent of that was in carcass form. Today carcass trade is only about
10 per cent of lamb exports with 90 per cent shipped ready to be put into
display cabinets.

Processing is already much more efficient.

In 1990, the average meatwork chain with 55 to 60 workers could process 3200
carcasses a day. A modern plant can handle more than 5000 lamb carcasses a day
with half as many workers.

Today, more than half the workforce in a typical meat plant is employed in
further processing and making sure the final item has maximum added value.

This year, for the first time, the volume of premium chilled product sent abroad
(expected to be about 30,000 tonnes, about 12 per cent of all lamb shipments)
will be larger than the carcass trade. And more than 70 per cent of lamb exports
will go to markets other than Britain.

"Technological innovation will see robotics introduced for packaging, machines
selecting cuts, automatic carton handling, automated cutting, and deboning," Mr
Lynch says.

Gene technology offers obvious benefits for both farmers and consumers but it
will not be easy to resolve the moral and ethical debate surrounding it.

There is also a growing market for organic meat that could be profitable. Mr
Lynch believes New Zealand lamb and beef farmers need to position themselves to
take advantage of both the organic market and advances in gene technology.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Chain reaction: the Sockburn meatworks is a forlorn monument to a bygone
freezing industry being replaced by factories producing value-added,
ready-to-eat products.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           August 20, 1987, Thursday

GROWING SEASON BETTER NATIONWIDE

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


No year is perfect for all crops across the United States, but neither are
growing conditions entirely bad throughout the country. This year is shaping up
better than many, according to the Agriculture Department.

The big news in the USDA's August crop report last week was the estimated 1987
output of corn, 7.23 billion bushels, down 12 percent from last year's bumper
harvest of 8.25 billion bushels. The smaller crop is due to reduced corn
lantings this year under the government's acreage program.

But soybeans, cotton and other crops also were estimated, based on field surveys
on Aug. 1. Although USDA will issue revisions in September, October and
November, the August report historically has been in the ballpark most years.

For overall year-to-year comparisons, the board uses a crop production index
based on 1977 output, which was rated at 100 percent.

The 1987 production index is 107 percent overall, as of August. Components
include feed grains, 107 percent; hay and forage, 104; food grains, 107; sugar
crops, 112; cotton, 90; tobacco, 67; and oil crops, 112.

As the department's Agricultural Statistics Board explains, using corn as an
example, the Aug. 1 forecast over the last 10 years has been below the final
estimate six times and above it four times.

The average difference between the final corn estimate and the Aug. 1 forecast
has been 421 million bushels in those years, with annual variations ranging from
6 million bushels to 1.062 billion bushels during the decade.

"This does not imply that the Aug. 1 corn forecast this year is likely to
understate or overstate final production," the board said in its report on Aug.
11. "For most crops, the number of years the forecasts have been below or above
the final estimate is about equally distributed."

The index record includes: 1978, 102 percent; 1979, 113 percent; 1980, 101
percent; 1981, 117 percent (a record); 1982, 117 percent; 1983, 88 percent;
1984, 111 percent; 1985, 117 percent; and 1986, 109 percent.

Thus, in three of the last 10 years, total U.S. crop output has been at record
levels, led each time by harvests of feed grains, mostly corn, and food grains,
which include mainly wheat and rice.

In the one below-par year, 1983, drought and government acreage curbs held crop
production to only 88 percent of the 1977 base. Feed grains, for example,
dropped to 67 percent in 1983, while sharp cuts also were shown for sugar,
cotton, tobacco and oil crops, which are mostly soybeans.

The major exception in 1983 was the crop category of food grains. The wheat crop
was harvested before the full impact of the drought was felt, but the dry
weather shriveled corn and many other fall-harvested crops.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

Revitalising rural economy is vital: Robson

BYLINE: Richard Halleron

LENGTH: 522  words


RUAS President Billy Robson has highlighted the absolute imperative of retaining
a sustainable farming industry in Northern Ireland.

Speaking at the now customary DARD Breakfast on day two of Balmoral Show he said
that farmers continue to represent the lifeblood of all the rural communities in
the province.

"Every possible step must be taken to create wealth within production
agriculture," he added.

"When farmers are making money, they will spend it. This activity acts as a pump
priming exercise for the rural economy as a whole. Unfortunately, too many of
our rural towns and villages are in a state of economic decline. And the origins
of this problem can be traced back to the fact that the sustainability of our
farming industry is under tremendous threat."

"We need a complete revitalisation of our rural economy. And this must process
must be kick started without delay."

Robson was responding to the speech made by Farm Minister Michelle O'Neill. She
said that the farming sector is facing significant challenges at the present
time but added that her department has a unique and vital role to play in
opening new markets and supporting exports.

O'Neill added that, in the last year, beef and pork exports from Northern
Ireland have gained access to additional markets in the Middle East, India,
Thailand and across Africa.

"I am hopeful that 2015 will prove even more exciting in terms of furthering new
market access across all meat sectors.

"My officials have been working closely with our beef and lamb processors to
make preparations for an eagerly awaited approval inspection by US officials
which I hope will take place later this year."

The Minister also highlighted her recent efforts to open doors for exports in
China.

"I will continue to use every lever available to progress negotiations. I
welcomed the two inspection team audits of our pork processors in April, which
represented a significant milestone in the approval process.  While I am pleased
we already export dairy products and cattle hides to China, I remain focused on
agreeing access for beef and chicken. I look forward to a positive outcome for
our industry."

Turning to the dairy industry, O'Neill said last year's 20% uplift in exports
shows an increased worldwide demand for produce from Northern and added that
further growing dairy exports will hopefully play a part in helping to turn
around the recent decline in milk prices.

US Counsel General Greg Burton also spoke at the breakfast event. He confirmed
that officials in the United States are currently assessing the application made
by the UK to facilitate the export of beef and lamb to that market.

"All decisions made in this regard will be arrived at on a purely scientific
basis," he said.

Commenting on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP),
currently taking place between the United States and the EU, Burton said that a
successful outcome would represent a win:win scenario for farmers in both
regions.

"Fundamentally, nothing will be agreed that can act to undermine the scientific
principles that underpin agriculture in both the United States and Europe," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

On the Hunt: Alico plants more M&A seeds

BYLINE: Edited by Sarah Pringle

LENGTH: 881 words


Alico Inc.

Alico Inc. (ALCO) plans to  rake in acquisitions to keep fueling growth. The
Fort Myers, Fla.-based agriculture company said Dec. 3 that  it bought citrus
producers Orange-Co LP, Silver Nip Citrus and Gator Grove for approximately $363
million, making it the largest citrus producer in the U.S. CEO Clay Wilson said
via phone that Alico will continue to examine acquisition opportunities, noting
that Arizona, California and Texas have citrus markets. "Anything that has a
return rate profile that citrus has, we're interested in," he said, adding
almonds and pecans are also of interest. Alico also operates cattle ranching,
water management and mining businesses. In November 2013, private investment
firm 734 Agriculture LLC bought a 50.5% stake in Alico for about $138 million.

- Jaewon Kang


UNITED Ohana LLC

United Ohana LLC,a Dallas-based Applebee's franchisee operator, is expected to
pursue more acquisitions after buying the Roy's brand from Outback Steakhouse
owner Bloomin' Brands Inc. (BLMN). Ohana, led by restaurant veteran Sunil
Dharod, announced Nov. 28 an agreement to acquire the Asian and Hawaiian upscale
chain in a deal valued at around $20 million. Industry sources expect United
Ohana to look for more M&A opportunities, but cautioned that it will likely
remain selective in choosing targets that fit its criteria. Dharod considers
himself a turnaround investor and does not want to pay too much out of his
pocket. In 2008, Dharod acquired 37 Applebee's franchises in Texas that were
underperforming.  - Demitri Diakantonis

PolyOne Corp.

Chemical maker PolyOne Corp. (POL) is bulking up via bolt-on acquisitions. The
Cleveland-based company on Dec. 1 purchased the specialty products business of
private equity-backed Accella Performance Materials Inc. for $49 million,
expanding its business in the coatings and additives space. "Our invest-to-grow
integration playbook is one we have historically executed with great success,"
PolyOne CEO Robert M. Patterson said in the announcement. The company has been
labeled a "selective" acquirer by industry watchers. PolyOne's latest major
acquisition was on Oct. 24, 2012, when it bought Clayton, Mo.-based Spartech
Corp., a producer of plastics and packaging for customers in the aerospace,
security, packaging and healthcare sectors, for $393 million. PolyOne, which
trades on the New York Stock Exchange, has a market capitalization of $3.34
billion. For the third quarter ended Sept. 30.

- Tatjana Kulkarni

UnitedHealth Group Inc.

UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH) may be fixing for M&A after pricing a $2 billion
credit facility. A Bank of America Merrill Lynch-led syndicate on Dec. 3 priced
a three-part $2.0 billion offering of senior notes by UnitedHealth. Proceeds
have been earmarked for general corporate purposes, including redeeming existing
debt and funding potential acquisitions, the Minnetonka, Minn.-based health
benefits provider said in a securities filing. Equal-sized $750 million tranches
of three and seven year notes are being marketed at T+48 and T+88, respectively,
while a $500 million installment of five-year notes launched at T+73, according
to a source familiar with the offering. All three tenors priced slightly tight
to talk. UnitedHealth said at a Dec. 2 investor conference that it plans to
spend as much as $1.9 billion on growth initiatives or M&A in 2015. It recently
lost out to China's Fosun International Ltd. in its bid to acquire Portuguese
hospital operator Espirito Santo Saude SGPS SA.  - Nils Van Lieu

Diamondback Energy Inc.

As oil and gas companies go shopping for bargains amid lower oil prices,
Diamondback Energy Inc. (FANG) is among those that may become a consolidator of
properties in their operating areas, according to a report Dec.4 from Tudor,
Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities Inc. Diamondback, which has a clean balance
sheet and a low-cost financing vehicle in affiliate Viper Energy Partners LP
(VNOM), would probably look to add assets in the Spanish Trail region in Midland
County in West Texas' Permian Basin, TPH said. Diamondback management told
Sterne Agee Group Inc. analyst Tim Rezvan recently that they are actively
looking at asset packages coming to market, especially from private
equity-backed companies that lack capital to grow and/or an avenue for a
near-term initial public offering.  - Claire Poole

Energy Distribution

Energy Distribution Partners LLC is poised to be a consolidator of retail
propane distribution companies and energy midstream assets, according to Chicago
middle-market investment bank Jordan, Knauff & Co. The Chicago-based energy
company, formed and sponsored in December 2011 by Jordan Knauff, recently worked
with the firm to raise $31.45 million in stage-funded equity commitments from a
combination of family offices, small insurance companies and high-net-worth
individuals. "After closing the initial equity capital raise, EDP has the
patient capital to implement its business plan of acquiring, developing and
managing companies and assets in the petroleum midstream and downstream sectors,
with a focus on retail propane and natural gas liquids ('NGL') midstream assets
such as pipelines, storage facilities and terminals," Jordan Knauff wrote in a
Dec. 2 statement. e_SFlb - S.P.

DEAL SIZE

Undisclosed

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2014 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

US keen to promote agriculture in Pakistan: Ambassador Olson

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 127

LENGTH: 291  words


United State' Ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the long-term US government's
support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan by introducing the orange and helping to double the country' wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
incomes of the farmers which would ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity,
US ambassador said addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers
and farmers during his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC)
here on Wednesday.

Ambassador Olson said that the US government is committed to help the small
farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99 a
dangerous wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to country' farming
community, he claimed.

Olson added that US government has provided new harvesting machine to support
the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project and also is also providing
specialized training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists to fight
against wheat diseases.

While talking on the occasion, Dr Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for
the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center, noted that without
disease-resistant varieties of wheat experts estimate that Pakistan's annual
wheat harvest could be reduced by 50 percent if when UG 99 arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labor force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr Imtiaz said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

US keen to promote agriculture in Pakistan: Ambassador Olson

SECTION: Vol. V No. 127

LENGTH: 291  words


United State' Ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the long-term US government's
support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan by introducing the orange and helping to double the country' wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
incomes of the farmers which would ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity,
US ambassador said addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers
and farmers during his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC)
here on Wednesday.

Ambassador Olson said that the US government is committed to help the small
farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99 a
dangerous wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to country' farming
community, he claimed.

Olson added that US government has provided new harvesting machine to support
the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project and also is also providing
specialized training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists to fight
against wheat diseases.

While talking on the occasion, Dr Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for
the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre, noted that without
disease-resistant varieties of wheat experts estimate that Pakistan's annual
wheat harvest could be reduced by 50 percent if when UG 99 arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr Imtiaz said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Family Farms are the Focus of New Agriculture Census Data

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

97 Percent of All U.S. Farms are Family-Owned, USDA Reports

WASHINGTON, March 17, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) reports that family-owned farms remain
the backbone of the agriculture industry. The latest data come from the Census
of Agriculture farm typology report and help shine light on the question, "What
is a family farm?"

"As we wrap up mining the 6 million data points from the latest Census of
Agriculture, we used typology to further explore the demographics of who is
farming and ranching today," said NASS Statistics Division Director Hubert
Hamer. "What we found is that family-owned businesses, while very diverse, are
at the core of the U.S. agriculture industry. In fact, 97 percent of all U.S.
farms are family-owned."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report is a special data series
that primarily focuses on the "family farm." By definition, a family farm is any
farm where the majority of the business is owned by the operator and individuals
related to the operator, including through blood, marriage, or adoption. Key
highlights from the report include the following five facts about family farms
in the United States:

Five Facts to Know about Family Farms

1. Food equals family - 97 percent of the 2.1 million farms in the United States
are family-owned operations.

2. Small business matters - 88 percent of all U.S. farms are small family farms.

3. Local connections come in small packages - 58 percent of all direct farm
sales to consumers come from small family farms.

4. Big business matters too - 64 percent of all vegetable sales and 66 percent
of all dairy sales come from the 3 percent of farms that are large or very large
family farms.

5. Farming provides new beginnings - 18 percent of principal operators on family
farms in the U.S. started within the last 10 years.

"Whether small or large - on the East Coast, West Coast, or the Midwest - family
farms produce food and fiber for people all across the U.S. and the world," said
Hamer. "It's due in part to information such as this from the Census of
Agriculture that we can help show the uniqueness and importance of U.S.
agriculture to rural communities, families, and the world."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report classifies all farms into
unique categories based on three criteria: who owns the operation, whether
farming is the principal operator's primary occupation, and gross cash farm cash
income (GCFI). Small family farms have GCFI less than $350,000; midsize family
farms have GCFI from $350,000 to $999,999; and large family farms have GCFI of
$1 million or more. Small farms are further divided based on whether the
principal operator works primarily on or off the farm.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Japan News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday
                                   S Edition

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7; No. 22838

LENGTH: 652 words


This is the second installment of a series on the Trans-Pacific Partnership
negotiations.

Japan imposes a 778 percent tariff on rice, a 360 percent tariff on butter and a
256 percent tariff on barley. Our nation has been protecting domestic farmers by
imposing high tariffs on imported agricultural products.

Now, tariffs on beef and other products are set to be lowered in the future
thanks to a substantive bilateral agreement between Japan and the United States
on the Trans-Pacific Partnership multinational free trade agreement, seen as key
to broader TPP talks.

So, the question is: Will the reduction of tariff rates devastate Japanese
agriculture?

Past efforts toward market liberalization offer an answer.

When imports of U.S. cherries were fully liberalized in 1992, for example, it
was said the move would deal a serious blow to domestic cherry farmers. Now, 22
years after the market liberalization, the total land area allocated for cherry
cultivation in Japan has grown 50 percent, and productivity has increased by 15
percent to 30 percent.

In Yamagata Prefecture, the nation's largest cherry producer, farmers succeeded
in securing premium brand status for their high-grade Sato Nishiki variety by
investing great effort in cultivation, including setting up tents to protect
cherries from rain during the rainy season.

Cherry imports, 90 percent of which come from the United States, peaked in 2001
at about 17,000 tons. Since then imports have dropped precipitously to about
7,400 tons in 2013, due to the popularity of the Sato Nishiki and other
delicious domestic cherries.

Likewise, after imports of beef were liberalized in 1991, domestic farmers
nationwide intensified efforts to develop beef brand names, like well-known Hida
beef, to counter competition from imports with high quality. Many domestic beef
brands fetch premium prices of more than 1,000 yen per 100 grams, successfully
differentiating themselves from cheap imported beef.

Kazunuki Oizumi, a former professor at Miyagi University who specializes in
agricultural economics, said: "The nation's agriculture grew weak because of
government policies focusing on protecting farmers without trying to enhance
their competitiveness. It is flawed thinking to believe that the domestic
farming sector will fall into decline due to agricultural market liberalization
under the TPP agreement."

The government needs to employ an aggressive strategy of drastic agricultural
reform to enhance farming sector competitiveness. However, growing voices are
calling for the government to boost subsidies for pig farmers and others, as
typified by the comments of one Liberal Democratic Party lawmaker backed by
farming and fisheries sectors who said, "We need to secure several trillion yen
for measures against the TPP agreement."

Under the 1993 Uruguay Round trade agreement, the Japanese government was
obliged to carry out a partial opening of its rice market. At that time, the
government spent around 6 trillion yen over eight years to support domestic
agriculture.

But most of the budget went toward building public halls or spa facilities and
other construction projects that did not strengthen the competitiveness of the
nation's agriculture.

Masayoshi Honma, a University of Tokyo professor of agricultural economics,
said, "If the government secures funding for measures to cope with the impact of
the TPP agreement, the funding should be used to expand the scale of farming
tracts, to help farmers improve their sales capacities, and other similar
measures."

Can the government use the TPP as an opportunity to put an end to old-fashioned
agriculture policy, which provides doting protections for small-scale farmers
through subsidies and other measures? Japan is faced today with the urgent task
of revitalizing its domestic farming sector into a growth industry through
measures such as encouraging corporations to enter the agricultural sector.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 8, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Farming, American-Style;
Uzbekistanis Learn About Western Agriculture

BYLINE: David Snyder, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: MONTGOMERY EXTRA; Pg. T11

LENGTH: 838 words


They came from the wind-blown plains of Central Asia, from the former Soviet
republic of Uzbekistan, to study American farming firsthand. They left Mehrl
Mayne Jr.'s Buckeystown farm with a new appreciation for the relationship
between plowing and publicity, between harvesting and hoopla.

As Mayne held up old clippings from newspaper articles written about his farm,
he advised the Uzbekistanis on the finer points of farming, American-style.

It's part manure and milking, part Madison Avenue.

"When you keep your picture in front of the public, then they know who you are,"
Mayne told his guests, a contingent of economists, agronomists and farmers who
are visiting Maryland farms as part of a $ 250,000 federal grant. "If you want
to be well-known, if you're proud of what you do, you want to keep in front of
them."

Mayne's Christmas tree farm was the last stop in a day-long tour last week of
Frederick County farms for the six Uzbekistanis, and two agriculture experts
from neighboring Kyrgyzstan.

The tour is part of a three-year exchange program organized by the Maryland
Cooperative Extension and paid for by the U.S. State Department as part of a
larger effort initiated by the 1992 Freedom Support Act. That congressional
legislation provided American aid to newly independent nations carved from the
Soviet Union.

For the Uzbekistanis, raised in a Soviet satellite state that gave way in 1991
to political independence and a budding free market, the tour was as much a
primer in capitalism as it was an education in Western farming techniques.

"Right now, people don't give much attention to advertising in Uzbekistan," said
Saidakhror Guliamov, an agronomist at Tashkent State University in Tashkent, the
Uzbekistani capital. "The most important thing for me to learn is the
marketing."

Last week's trip through Frederick County was part of the program's first phase,
a month-long trip for the Uzbekistanis to the United States. It is to be
followed by trips to Uzbekistan by Maryland agriculture experts.

The immediate goal, Guliamov said, is to establish a network of farming experts
for Uzbekistan's farmers similar to such networks in the United States. The
broader goal is greater prosperity in Uzbekistan, a country of about 25 million
people which consistently ranked as one of the poorest areas of the Soviet
Union.

As the country moves toward a free market, the question of how farms are managed
-- and who will manage them -- remains unsettled, said the exchange program's
director, Jim Hanson, assistant director of the Maryland Cooperative Extension.

"A lot of [former Soviet republics] are stuck in the transition of how to
re-privatize land," he said. "In the process, the assets are limited, the
tractors are old, and there's some confusion about state pricing systems -- is
it still a state system or a private one?"

Uzbekistan borders Afghanistan on the north and is also close to Iran. Huge,
state-owned plantations in the country once produced a large portion of the
former Soviet Union's cotton supply. The country was so thoroughly farmed during
Soviet rule, and often over-fertilized, that much of the already arid land is no
longer farmable.

The State Department's Humphrey Fellowships and Institutional Linkages program
awarded $ 6.3 million to universities for exchange programs between American
schools and schools in former Soviet republics, said Jonathan Sebra, a State
Department senior program officer.

"We're hoping that all of [the former Soviet republics] will move towards
democratic systems and market economies," he said. "There are some challenges on
all of them."

In Uzbekistan, some state-owned farms are being rented to farmers to manage for
themselves. As farming moves away from state control, there may be more need for
outreach offices staffed by agriculture experts, Hanson said.

Mayne's tips, then, were eagerly gobbled up by Guliamov and his colleagues.

He introduced them to some of the latest trends in small farming. Aggressive
advertising; distinctive packaging; niche marketing -- for Mayne, survival
tactics in Maryland's increasingly competitive farming environment, where large
corporate farms are out-pricing smaller family-owned farms.

Until 1966, Mayne's father, also named Mehrl, raised dairy cows on their 170
acres south of Buckeystown. As dairy prices fell precipitously, the Mehrls
decided it was time to get out of the milk business and diversify.

Now, Mayne regularly gives tours of his farm to schoolchildren, handing out
coloring books emblazoned with his farm's logo. He also grows pumpkins -- a big
roadside attraction in October -- and Christmas trees. Strawberries are a big
draw, too.

"When you're into pumpkins and Christmas trees, strawberries are going to have
to take a back seat," Mayne told the Uzbekistanis, who formed a semicircle
around him as he straddled a row of strawberry plants. "If you do it right, you
get berries that size," he said, holding out his left hand, index finger and
thumb making a circle: A-OK.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 13, 1983 Thursday

INTERNATIONAL REPORT   U.S. corn production   seen falling by 49%

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 97 words


Corn production in the United States is forecast at 4.26 billion bushels,
 down 3 per cent from the Sept. 1 forecast and 49 per cent below last
 year's record high.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture also forecast soybean production at
 1.52 billion bushels, 1 per cent less than the Sept. 1 forecast and 32 per
 cent below last year.

Cotton production is forecast at 7,550,000 bales, 37 per cent below
 1982 production and 3 per cent below the month-earlier forecast.

Orange production is forecast at almost 223 million boxes, about the
 same as last season, and 26 per cent more than 1981-82.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Ivanhoe Times (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

Corn planting so far has been limited across Minnesota

BYLINE: Ivanhoe Times staff

LENGTH: 249  words


ST. PAUL -- Snow and cold temperatures continue to put field work on ice at
farms across Minnesota. In its weekly crop progress report for the state issued
Wednesday, April 23, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) said it
received reports of limited com planting from southwestern Minnesota from
Monday, April 14- through - Monday, April 21, as well as some planting of oats,
spring wheat and barley.

But other parts of Minnesota are still waiting for suitable conditions to begin
planting. Last week's weather, Sunday, April 28 - through - Saturday, May 3,
farmers were still for conditions to improve so they can get out into their
fields and start planting because it rained last week from Sunday, April 27
-through - Friday, May 2.

From last Sunday, April 27 - through -Wednesday, April 30, the Ivanhoe area had
received only an inch of rain, while other parts of Minnesota received a lot
more rain.

WCCO Radio, Minneapolis reported that a total of 4.2 inches of rain had fallen
in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area in those four days, Sunday, April 27 - through
- Wednesday, April 30.

Only 0.6 days were rated suitable for fieldwork statewide last week. Several
locations reported new record low temperatures on Tuesday, April 15, including
minus 4 in Lake of the Woods County, while Wednesday, April 16, brought
widespread snow and new daily snowfall records to many parts of Minnesota.

Pastures have started to green up in southwestern Minnesota, but not enough to
allow for grazing.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IVN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Ivanhoe Times


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                             August 7, 2005 Sunday

Going organic

BYLINE: Suzuki, David

SECTION: SCIENCE; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 660  words


It might seem like a hip new trend, but various forms of organic agriculture
have been around for some 6,000 years.

Although it practically disappeared in North America during the latter half of
the 20th century, organic farming has taken off recently as consumers and
farmers have both discovered the benefits of a more holistic approach to
agriculture.

Organic farming is rooted in ancient knowledge passed down through generations.
Long before science could tell us why certain farming methods would produce
greater crop yields, organic farmers were learning the hard way what worked and
what didn't - and sharing their knowledge with others.

With the advent of industrial farming and the green revolution, organic farming
was relegated to the status of "quaint" or "old- fashioned" - something
practised by hippies on communes, certainly not by serious farmers.

But while the green revolution initially produced higher crop yields, it also
created new problems, from fertilizer and pesticide runoff to soil erosion and
reduced soil fertility.

Today, new studies are showing that organic agriculture can often match and
sometimes exceed yields from conventional agriculture, while eliminating the
need for pesticides and conserving soil quality.

The Rodale Farming Systems Trial is the longest-running comparison of organic
and conventional farming in the United States.

For 22 years, researchers have been planting crops at the Rodale farm in
Pennsylvania using conventional agriculture, as well as two organic farming
systems - one based on animal manure for fertilizer and the other based on
nitrogen-fixing legumes.

Recently, a review of the trial was published in the journal Bioscience.
Researchers measured the economic feasibility of each farming system, along with
their environmental impacts, energy consumption and other indicators.

They found that for some crops, like corn and soybeans, organic farming systems
produced the same yields as conventional systems, but used 30 per cent less
energy, less water and no pesticides.

In fact, during drought years, corn yields in the organic systems were 30 per
cent higher than those in the conventional system. Researchers say the organic
systems were able to perform better in drought conditions because their soils
contained much larger amounts of carbon and organic matter.

Increased organic matter also led to an increase in the diversity of creatures
in the organic plots, including twice the number of earthworms. In turn,
increased diversity helped reduce damage from insect pests, by introducing more
natural predators.

One might expect the organic systems to have many beneficial environmental
effects, but the researchers also found that the organic systems could be as
profitable or more profitable than conventional systems. Although the organic
systems required more labour (to remove weeds, for example, rather than spraying
them with a herbicide), consumers were willing to pay a premium for organics, so
the profit margins were often better.

Living lessons

The researchers argue that organic technologies such as using off- season crops,
using more extended crop rotations, increasing the amount of organic matter in
the soil and improving natural biodiversity should be more widely adopted.

They conclude: "Some or all of these technologies have the potential to increase
the ecological, energetic and economic sustainability of all agricultural
cropping systems, not only organic systems."

In other words, many organic practices simply make sense, regardless of what
overall agricultural system is used.

Far from being a quaint throwback to an earlier time, organic agriculture is
proving to be a serious contender in modern farming and a more environmentally
sustainable system over the long term.

With consumers expressing a preference for organics, and farmers seeing the
benefits, this is one trend that's likely to stay.

David Suzuki is a scientist, environmentalist and host of The Nature of Things.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             July 30, 2004, Friday

MARKET REPORT

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 11; FARMING MARKET REPORT; C

LENGTH: 369 words


Both imported and domestic manufacturing beef prices in the United States firmed
slightly last week, once again pushing prices to within a few cents of all-time
highs. Latest US cattle inventory figures confirm that herd rebuilding is
finally underway. Although beef cow numbers are down slightly, heifer numbers
are up 4%.

It will be mid-2006 before the offspring from these heifers has an impact on
production and prices for feedlot beef. It is then likely to be another season
or two before the lower feedlot prices trigger an increase in cull-cow
production, resulting in the drop in price of lean grinding beef. New Zealand
farmgate prices were generally unchanged this week, the result of a weaker New
Zealand dollar, and improved US prices were offset by lower Asian returns for
prime cuts and the increasing need to diversify from the US as companies strive
to stay within quota limits.

Asian demand has slumped as importers hold back in anticipation of the re-entry
of US beef.

Lamb

Overseas prices are firm, but demand is subdued in the European Union now that
that their summer holidays are in full swing. Farmgate prices continue to rise
in response to a lower New Zealand dollar and winter premiums.

Dairy

Overseas commodity prices have plateaued for the moment. Indications are that
the 12-month unbroken run has finally come to an end, but there is every
expectation that prices in US dollar terms will hold at or around current
levels. Cheddar and casein prices are at all- time highs, and the other main
commodities are only a few percent from their high points.

The global supply-and-demand balance still bodes well for New Zealand producers.
European production is past its peak and is lagging behind last year's level.
The US cow herd is down 1%, with no increase in dairy heifer numbers. Only New
Zealand and Australia are likely to post production increases this year. New
Zealand stocks are low and enquiries for the new season's production are strong.

Grain

Global wheat production and stocks are on the increase and has pushed prices
down by 20% in the past four months. A shortage of feed barley has pushed prices
to $ 270/tonne, the same as for milling wheat.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Fairfax New Zealand


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2004 The Dickinson School of Law, Carlisle, PA

                      Penn State Environmental Law Review

                                   Fall, 2004

                         13 Penn St. Envtl. L. Rev. 125

LENGTH: 9773 words

COMMENT: Sustaining Agriculture: An Examination of Current Legislation Promoting
Sustainable Agriculture as an Alternative to Conventional Farming Practices

NAME: Christopher B. Connard*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, Penn State Dickinson School of Law, 2005; B.A., Bates
College, 1999.

TEXT:
 [*125]

   I. Introduction

 Agriculture is the single largest contributor to the water pollution problem in
the United States. n1 Each year, billions of tons of soil carrying pesticides,
manure, and other chemicals erode from agricultural land and between twenty-five
and forty percent of this soil is likely to reach the nation's waterways each
year. n2 Agricultural degradation of the environment extends beyond water
pollution into habitat loss and degradation, air pollution, and soil erosion. n3
The clearest evidence of the intense effect agriculture has on the environment
is an area the size of New Jersey in the Gulf of Mexico at the foot of the
Mississippi River called the "hypoxic" zone. n4 Every year the "hypoxic" zone
becomes depleted of oxygen, a result of the heavy flow of agricultural runoff
carrying nitrogen and other nutrients down the Mississippi River. n5  [*126]
Currently, there is no widely accepted solution to the negative effects current
agricultural systems have on the environment.

   Increasingly, society is recognizing the adverse effects of conventional
agricultural methods on the environment. n6 As concerns for the effects of
conventional agricultural practices on the environment increase, sustainable
agriculture has emerged as a possible solution. Sustainable agriculture is
concerned with lessening the impact of farming on the environment while
maintaining or increasing the profitability of farming.

   States throughout the country currently fund research into developing
sustainable agriculture practices for large-scale use as alternatives to
environmentally harmful conventional agriculture practices. n7 In addition, the
federal government funds similar research, while working with states, to
implement programs that educate the farming community about the prospects of
sustainable agriculture. n8

   Many commentators feel that the development of sustainable agricultural
practices is the best remedy for the farming industry's poor environmental
record. n9 These commentators feel that once sustainable farming practices have
been demonstrated as environmentally and  [*127]  economically feasible they can
be implemented on a large scale. n10 While states began funding research into
sustainable agriculture in 1986, the implementation of sustainable practices has
not moved beyond the research phase. n11 Legislation promoting sustainable
agriculture is ambitious in its goals regarding the potential of sustainable
agriculture but has proven insufficient in moving sustainable agriculture beyond
the research stage into widespread implementation of sustainable practices.

   The remainder of this comment will focus on how the farming industry is able
to negatively impact the environment in spite of the stiff federal regulations
faced by other industries. In addition, this comment will look at state and
federal legislation that is working toward developing methods of agriculture
that will be able to replace environmentally harmful conventional agriculture
practices. This comment will examine the legislation to see what the potential
for success is considering the presence of a fairly rigid definition of
sustainable agriculture that may, in effect, set sustainable agriculture up for
failure.

   II. Background

   A. The Farming Industry

 A farm is defined by the USDA Census of Agriculture as "a place which produced
and sold, or normally would have produced and sold, $ 1,000 or more of
agricultural products during 1997." n12 In 2002, over two million farms fit this
definition covering over 930 million acres and totaling roughly forty-five
percent of the American land mass. n13 When forested land is added to the total
farmed acreage, the total amount of land involved in the farming industry rises
to seventy-five percent of the nation's overall land mass. n14

   While there is tremendous diversity among farms across the  [*128]  country,
together they form an industry with a substantial effect on the American
economy. n15 This industry does not work in isolation; instead there is a highly
symbiotic relationship between the farming industry and many other industries in
the United States. In 2002 farms owned an estimated $ 110 billion in machinery
and equipment, spent a total of over $ 6 billion on gasoline and other fuels,
expended over $ 18 billion on chemical fertilizers, crop control chemicals, and
other agricultural chemicals combined, and purchased over $ 2.75 billion in
electricity. n16 The payroll for farms in 1997 was over $ 14 billion for hired
farm labor and over $ 2.9 billion for contract labor. n17

   Over the last seventy-five years, the landscape of the farming industry has
changed dramatically. The number of farms in the country has decreased while the
productivity of remaining farms has increased. n18 This has occurred through the
evolution of farms from many diverse operations, each producing a combination of
crops and livestock, to a conglomeration of fewer, more specialized, larger
farms that are geographically concentrated. n19 This evolution has been
described as "industrializing."

   Industrializing agriculture is the "process whereby the production of goods
is restructured under the pressure of increasing levels of capital and
technology in a manner which allows for a management system to integrate each
step in the economic process to achieve increasing efficiencies in the use of
capital, labor, and technology." n20 The result is that farms specialize in one
portion of the process of food production, which, while increasing the
efficiency and profitability of the farming industry, puts a far greater strain
on the land and increases environmental  [*129]  degradation. n21 This process
was first implemented in the 1960's when the chicken producing industry became
industrialized, and since that time, the remainder of the farming industry has
moved in the same direction. n22

   B. How are Farms Able to Impact the Environment?

   1. Lack of Regulation

 The largest difficulty in dealing with the farming industry's environmental
harms is that farming is inherently destructive to its environment. n23
Traditionally, farming consists of removing all existing vegetation from the
land and leveling it, deploying a single crop or species of livestock,
cultivating that crop or livestock with water and chemicals, removing the crop
or livestock and associated waste products from the land and starting over. n24
The consequences of this pattern are habitat loss and degradation, water
pollution in the form of soil erosion and sedimentation, and air pollution. n25

   The lack of a comprehensive regulatory program to regulate the farming
industry is the main cause of the farming industry's poor environmental record.
n26 Some commentators have gone so far as to say the farming industry has been
given a license to pollute. n27 The lack of federal regulation has enabled the
farming industry to increase its productivity and profitability, but the cost of
these increases has been extreme environmental degradation. n28

   2. Exemptions from the Clean Water Act

 Beyond the lack of a federal regulatory program relating to the farming
industry, commentators cite the Clean Water Act ("CWA") as the source of the
farming industry's most noticeable environmental degradation. n29 The Clean
Water Act makes unlawful the discharge of  [*130]  any pollutant by any person
n30 while regulating lawful discharges of pollutants through a series of permit
programs. n31 Despite the broad prohibition against any emission of any
pollutant into the nation's waterways, the Clean Water Act clearly exempts many
environmentally harmful farming practices from regulation. n32

   The Clean Water Act regulates most wastewater pollutants that are the product
of American industry including "agricultural waste discharged into water." n33
While this appears to include the farming industry under the scope of the Act,
the farming industry largely escapes regulation through a loophole relating to
which sources of pollution the Act actually regulates. The Clean Water Act
regulates only those sources of pollution that can be classified as "point
sources." n34

    [*131]  Due to the large number of farms and the administrative difficulty
of issuing individual permits to all of them, Congress defined "point source" to
exclude certain agricultural sources of pollution. n35 Congress concluded that
farm irrigation return flows are nearly indistinguishable from most other
agricultural runoff n36 and redefined point source to exclude return flows from
irrigated agriculture. n37

   The definition of point source is the most important part of the Clean Water
Act because it has been largely successful in bringing point source pollution
under control. n38 Conversely, nonpoint sources have become the largest
polluters of the nations waterways, and of those nonpoint sources, agriculture
remains the largest source of pollution. n39

   C. Limited Regulation of Farming Under the Clean Water Act

 Included within the CWA permitting program's definition of point source is
pollution from concentrated animal feeding operations. n40 A concentrated animal
feeding operation is an animal feeding operation that confines a specified
number of non-aquatic animals for a specified period of time. n41 While the
inclusion of concentrated animal feeding  [*132]  operations within the CWA
permitting program regulates a large portion of agriculture's most harmful
pollutants, n42 it is not sufficient. The CWA permit program ignores other
significant sources of pollution created by the farming industry such as
agricultural runoff. As a result of this limited regulation under the CWA,
agriculture remains the most significant contributor to the nation's water
pollution problem. n43

   Non-point source environmental degradation is not entirely unregulated by the
Clean Water Act. The CWA directs states to develop plans to regulate nonpoint
source discharge of pollutants into certain waterways. n44 Specifically, the Act
directs states to identify waterways within their boundaries that will not be
able to achieve the required water quality standards without regulation of
nonpoint sources. n45 Once a waterway has been identified, the state must
prepare a state management program prescribing the best management practices to
control nonpoint sources of pollution, n46 and if the EPA approves the program,
the state will be eligible for federal financial assistance to implement the
program. n47 While the drafters of the Act used this program as  [*133]
justification for the exclusion of irrigation return flows from point source
classification n48 the programs have yet to produce meaningful results. n49

   III. Analysis

   A. Why is the Farming Industry Unregulated?

 The development of a regulatory framework for the farming industry to offset
agricultural environmental degradation faces substantial opposition. In 2002,
there were over two million farms in the United States. n50 Of these farms, over
1.6 million were family or individually owned. n51 The owners and operators of
these farms constitute a large portion of similarly situated voters able to
pressure politicians in those areas to vote against all regulation of the
farming industry. n52

   While farm workers and owners are not a dominant voting power throughout the
country, any low presence of farm owners and operators is offset by voters
associated with other industries that rely heavily on farming. Farms play a
critical role in the economic fate of their suppliers and customers. "The vast
agrochemical and food processing industries are characterized by greater
corporate presence and concentration of economic power than is found in the farm
industry. These industries rely heavily on farms and can be expected to align
themselves politically with the interests of farms." n53

   Federal regulation of the agriculture industry faces further opposition from
the American Farm Bureau, one of the most powerful  [*134]  lobbying forces in
the nation. n54 This organization has extreme financial strength, and purporting
to speak for the entire farming community, the American Farm Bureau Federation
has successfully fought against all proposed environmental regulation of farms.
n55 Currently, the American Farm Bureau is lobbying against additional
regulations of agricultural nonpoint sources under the Clean Water Act. n56
Through this lobbying effort, the Bureau is opposing direct federal regulation
of agricultural nonpoint sources and is instead supporting "voluntary
incentive-based approaches based on sound scientific information, technical
assistance to landowners and site-specific flexibility." n57 This is an approach
that would be minimally effective and without the power to quickly remedy
environmental problems associated with farming.

   Finally, many commentators feel that the regulation of agriculture is
difficult because there is a romanticized view of the nation's agricultural
community. n58 This view of agriculture results from the nation's agrarian
history traditionally based in the family-owned farm. n59 Contemplating the
farming industry from this perspective is harmful in that it ignores the rapid
transition of the farming industry to industrial production techniques. The
reality is that corporately owned farms dominate many segments of the industry
and these farms have little relation to the nation's agrarian history. n60

[*135]

   B. Sustainable Agriculture: An Alternative to Regulation of the Farming
Industry?

   1. Is Sustainable Agriculture Necessary?

 Current conventional agriculture practices have developed over the last thirty
years to make the farming industry more productive and profitable than ever
before while utilizing less land. n61 Conflicts arise as increased productivity
heightens the negative impact on the quality of air, land, water, and natural
ecosystems, necessary to this productivity and for the economic well-being of
the nation in general. n62

   Understanding that the farming industry needs to develop less depleting
agricultural methods, the federal government and several states throughout the
country, have begun funding research into alternative methods of farming that
will aid in sustaining the natural resources available to the farming industry
and the country as a whole. n63 Funding sustainable agriculture research in
anticipation of the development of practices that can be implemented on a large
scale has been presented as the alternative to direct regulation of conventional
agriculture. n64

[*136]

   2. Sustainable Agricultural Practices

 Sustainable agriculture is concerned with lessening the impact of farming on
the environment while maintaining or increasing the profitability of farming.
n65 This requires that environmentally sound modifications to conventional
farming techniques be made at no further cost to the farmer.

   There are five main farming practices associated with sustainable agriculture
. n66 The first, crop choice, focuses on diversifying crops year-to-year rather
than planting the same crop in the same field every year. Pest and weed control
makes use of integrated pest management (IPM) practices as an alternative to
pesticide reliance. n67 Soil fertility and cultivation focuses on the use of
organic materials to maintain soil fertility including the use of manure and
nitrogen rich crops. n68 Additionally, soil fertility and cultivation
concentrates on reducing soil erosion through preventative measures including
winter crop management. Livestock production focuses on the inclusion of
livestock in crop focused farms. n69 The livestock provide organic materials
important to soil fertility, and livestock pasture can be used to offset erosion
on highly erodible land. n70 Lastly, sustainable agriculture uses tillage
systems that leave thirty percent of the previous crop's residue on the surface
after spring planting. n71

   Although sustainable agriculture has been presented largely as a conceptual
model, there is evidence that, at least on a small scale, it can be
environmentally sound as well as economically feasible. The successful history
of farming prior to the use of chemicals, pesticides, and off-farm inputs
demonstrates a basic potential for sustainable agriculture. Prior to World War
II, most farms in the country were diversified without a large number of
concentrated animal feeding  [*137]  operations. n72 Although looking to
historical farming practices is helpful, sustainable agriculture does not
advocate a return to earlier methods, in some part because of the limited
availability of land available for agricultural purposes. Instead sustainable
agriculture focuses on combining the success of earlier methods of sustaining
resources with current availability of technological innovations. n73

   Further evidence for the prospects of sustainable agriculture rests in a
study conducted by the Secretary of Agriculture in 1979 that suggested the
feasibility of sustainable practices. n74 The report compiled and interpreted
scientific evidence regarding the yield, net returns, and other performance
indicators of organic farming in the United States. n75 The report showed that
sixty-nine organic farms in twenty-three states were able to remain sustainable
and profitable at the same time. n76 The USDA used the evidence from the report
to recommend research, education, and public policies in support of sustainable
agriculture. n77 The Reagan administration eventually rejected the report, but
it remains the earliest evidence of the potential of sustainable agriculture.
n78

   C. Federal Legislation in Support of Sustainable Agriculture

 Federal legislation promoting and supporting sustainable agriculture is
limited. n79 This legislation sets out a series of directives to the Secretary
of Agriculture to implement research programs into sustainable agricultural
practices. n80 The legislation specifies the type of projects that are to be
undertaken including research projects that facilitate and increase scientific
investigation and education in order to reduce the use of chemicals, improve
existing low-input farming practices, and promote crop diversification. n81 In
addition, the legislation establishes a Federal-State matching grant program to
assist states in creating or enhancing sustainable agriculture research and
education programs. n82

    [*138]  Under the authority of the legislation, the Secretary of Agriculture
developed the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) program. The
SARE program works to advance "farming systems that are more profitable,
environmentally sound and good for communities through an innovative grants
program." n83 The program aims to increase the knowledge about economically
viable, environmentally sound and socially responsible farming practices. n84
Since 1988 the program has funded projects for research and education,
professional development, projects working jointly with the EPA to find and
expand ways to prevent agriculture-related resource degradation, and grants for
producers to fund on-farm research or demonstration projects. n85

   In addition, through the USDA, the SARE program funds the Sustainable
Agriculture Network (SAN). n86 The SAN is a cooperative effort of university,
government, farm, business and nonprofit organizations dedicated to the exchange
of scientific and practical information on sustainable agriculture. n87 Beyond
funding research into alternative practices of sustainable agriculture, federal
legislation creates incentive based programs, providing grants to farmers
interested in making use of sustainable farming practices. n88 These programs
focus on developing methods of agriculture that will meet the definition of
sustainable agriculture, yet do nothing to directly affect conventional
agriculture as participation is voluntary.

   D. State Legislation Supporting Sustainable Agriculture

 State legislation relating to sustainable agriculture, similar to federal
legislation, focuses on funding research into sustainable agriculture practices.
In 1986, California became the first state to enact legislation relating to
sustainable agriculture with passage of the Sustainable Agriculture Research and
Education Act. n89 The Act's stated purpose is to "promote more research and
education on sustainable agricultural practices, such as organic methods,
biological control, and integrated pest managements, including the analysis of
economic factors influencing the long-term sustainability of California
agriculture." n90 The  [*139]  Act established the Sustainable Agriculture
Research and Education Program at the University of California in an effort to
achieve the Act's stated purpose. n91 The Program supports competitive grants
for topics relating to the issues presented in the act. n92

   California's statute regarding sustainable agriculture was the first such
statute in the nation and immediately recognized the importance of sustainable
agricultural to the environment and the human population, while recognizing that
the widespread implementation of sustainable agriculture practices was not
currently feasible. Following California, other states implemented similar
statutes aimed largely at funding research and education into sustainable
methods of agriculture. n93

   Iowa has emerged as the leader in research and funding relating to
sustainable agriculture. As a part of the Iowa Groundwater Protection Act of
1987, the State Legislature established a program at the Iowa State University
of Science and Technology to provide financial assistance for agricultural
research. n94 The result of the legislation is the program for sustainable
agriculture at the Leopold Center for sustainable agriculture. n95 The Leopold
Center is the leading research center in the nation for issues relating to
sustainable agriculture. n96 Its mandated missions are "to identify negative
impacts of agricultural practices, contribute to the development of profitable
farming systems that conserve natural resources, and cooperate with the Iowa
State University  [*140]  Extension to inform the public of new research
findings." n97

   The Iowa Legislature outlined the sort of research proposals that would be
eligible for grants at the Leopold Center. n98 All eligible grant proposals must
assist Iowa in maintaining productive soil, viable communities, and farms with
incomes sufficient to support a family. n99 In addition, research included in
the grant proposals must enhance the profitability of farmers and must lead to
farming that will enhance and preserve Iowa's environment. n100

   The criteria for grant proposals demonstrate that the Iowa legislature sees
enormous potential for sustainable agriculture to positively contribute to the
state's farming industry. In 2002, the Leopold Center funded thirteen projects
involving a diverse number of issues. n101 Projects were grouped into four
categories; agriculture and communities, crop systems, ecology, and livestock
systems with some projects receiving funding upwards of $ 30,000 a year. n102

   The current state of sustainable agriculture legislation is focused almost
entirely on research and education. There are twelve states with legislation
either providing funds for research into sustainable agriculture practices or
providing grants for farmers who practice sustainable methods of agriculture.
n103 These states receive funding from the federal government for this research.
n104

   While this legislation exists, its focus on research makes the future of
sustainable agriculture uncertain. Whether sustainable agriculture practices
will be able to impact conventional agriculture without regulation of the
farming industry directly implementing such practices is difficult to surmise
but seems unlikely.

   E. Is Current Legislation Adequate for Supporting Sustainable  [*141]
Agriculture?

 The goal of legislatively funded research into sustainable agriculture is to
develop a method of farming that conforms to the statutorily mandated
definitions. Regardless of legislative definitions, since 1894 sustainable
agriculture has been in the process of definition. n105 The earliest explanation
of sustainable agriculture stated that "sustainable agriculture does not deplete
soils or people." n106 Modern definitions of sustainable agriculture greatly
expand on these same basic ideas.

   The definition of sustainable agriculture contained in federal legislation is
strict in its requirements of what constitutes sustainable agriculture. It
describes sustainable agriculture as an integrated system of plant and animal
production practices that will:



   (A) satisfy human food and fiber needs;



(B) enhance environmental quality and the natural resources base upon which the
agriculture economy depends;



(C) make the most efficient use of non-renewable resources and on-farm resources
and integrate, where appropriate, natural biological cycles and controls;



(D) sustain the economic viability of farm operations; and



(E) enhance the quality of life for farmers and society as a whole. n107

 All research into sustainable agriculture funded by the federal government
focuses on this definition, a definition that describes sustainable agriculture
as an integrated system. By defining sustainable agriculture as an entire system
of farming that will meet all of the outlined requirements, the legislation has
set the bar extremely high for research into sustainable agriculture.

   State legislatures have defined sustainable agriculture in a similar manner.
The Pennsylvania Legislature strictly defined sustainable agriculture in
legislation enacted to promote research into sustainable agriculture practices.
n108 The legislation defines sustainable agriculture as an:

    [*142]

Integrated system of plant and animal production practices having a
site-specific application that will over the long term satisfy human food and
fiber needs, enhance environmental quality and the natural resource base upon
which the agricultural economy depends, make the most efficient use of
nonrenewable resources and on-farm resources and integrate, where appropriate,
natural biological cycles and controls, sustain the economic viability of farm
operations, and enhance the quality of life for farmers and society as a whole.
n109

 This definition is virtually identical to the definition contained in federal
legislation. Both definitions describe exactly what constitutes sustainable
agriculture and require a complete system of farming that preserves economic
viability while conserving natural resources and lessening the impact of farming
on the environment. n110

   While legislation containing these definitions is currently aimed at
research, it is difficult to imagine that the goal of enacting legislation
appropriating $ 40,000,000 a year toward research into sustainable agriculture
n111 was not to eventually implement the results of that research. As a result,
legislative definitions relate directly to the success of sustainable
agriculture because research will not be completed and implementation cannot
begin until the definition has been satisfied. This important relationship
currently undermines the potential success of sustainable agriculture. By
defining sustainable agriculture as an entire system of farming, legislation has
made its widespread implementation unfeasible. It is unlikely that current
research into sustainable agriculture could lead to the development of an entire
system of farming that will meet the requirements of sustainable agriculture and
be ready for large-scale implementation.

   F. Proposed Alternative to Current Legislative Definitions of Sustainable
Agriculture

 The success of sustainable agriculture depends on the development of a feasible
definition which appeals to a large segment of the farming industry. n112 A
widely accepted definition will provide legitimacy to the concept of sustainable
agriculture and will make its acceptance by the greater farming industry more
likely. n113

    [*143]  Developing a feasible definition is made difficult by the divergent
viewpoints relating to the role of sustainable agriculture in the farming
industry. Many members of the farming industry involved in the use and
development of conventional practices see sustainable agriculture as a threat to
the economic self-interest of the farming industry. n114 This view stems from
the increased profitability of farming and a reluctance to alter conventional
practices in a manner that could affect that profitability. Conversely, there
are those who see sustainable agriculture as the nation's last chance to
preserve the limited resources available to the farming industry. n115

   Currently, most legislation defines sustainable agriculture as an entire
system of farming which, among other things, maintains profitability while
preserving natural resources and lessening environmental impacts. This
definition separates farming into distinct and complete processes and implies
that sustainable agriculture, if implemented, will completely replace
conventional practices. Defining sustainable agriculture in this manner is too
restrictive. An alternate definition would envision sustainable agriculture as
any practice which maintains agricultural profitability, preserves natural
resources, and lessens environmental impacts but which can work within a larger,
more conventional farming process. This altered definition is more feasible
because, while it is not currently conceivable to implement an entire system of
sustainable agriculture, it is conceivable that segments of the conventional
farming system could be made more sustainable.

   Under this definition, a sustainable practice of crop rotation which
preserves soil viability and limits erosion could be integrated into a
conventional farming system, thereby lessening the environmental impact. While
this alternate definition is largely the same as current legislative definitions
in the requirement of economic viability, minimal environmental impacts, and
preservation of natural resources; it would not require an overhaul of the
entire farming process.

   A modification of current legislative definitions of sustainable agriculture
to include those individual practices within a larger conventional farming
practice which maintains profitability while decreasing environmental impacts of
conventional farming methods  [*144]  would greatly increase the likelihood of
implementation. This view would improve the sustainability of conventional
farming while minimally intruding into conventional agricultural practices.
Focusing on these aspects would make sustainable agriculture more tolerable to a
larger majority of those involved in farming. Instead of viewing the changes as
a drastic conversion, they could be seen as a supplementation of conventional
agricultural practices which, because they maintain profitability, are
unobjectionable. Sustainable agriculture would become a gradual lessening of the
impact of the farming industry on the environment instead of an entirely new
system of farming.

   If sustainable agriculture is to be a solution to the environmental problems
associated with conventional agriculture, it must have a flexible definition.
Current definitions contained in legislation promoting research into sustainable
agriculture are too restrictive. Because of the restrictive definition,
legislation supporting research into sustainable agriculture cannot support the
definitions it contains. It is essentially wasteful legislation funding research
into something that is very likely unachievable.

   IV. Conclusion

 Currently, the farming industry is the greatest source of water pollution in
the nation as the farming industry is under-regulated by the federal government.
n116 This under-regulation extends to the Clean Water Act which exempts many
environmentally harmful farming practices from its scope. n117 The result of
this lack of regulation is increasing pressure on the farming industry to remedy
the pollution problem. n118

   Many people feel that sustainable agriculture is a clear solution to the
environmental difficulties faced by the farming industry. n119 Governments, both
state and federal, recognize the potential of sustainable agriculture and have
enacted legislation to encourage the development and demonstration of a system
of sustainable agriculture with the potential to replace conventional farming.
n120 Unfortunately, legislation dealing with sustainable agriculture at both the
state and federal level define sustainable agriculture in a way that makes its
actual  [*145]  development unlikely.

   If sustainable agriculture is intended as a remedy for highly destructive
conventional farming practices, the legislation needs to be more lenient in
defining sustainable agriculture. Sustainable agriculture should be seen as a
supplement to conventional agriculture practices. Legislation should support the
development of individual sustainable practices to replace single steps in the
farming process and their implementation as they are shown to improve
environmental quality and maintain farm productivity and profitability. Without
this view of sustainable agriculture, it will remain in the research phase
indefinitely as the development of an entire system of sustainable agriculture
that maintains the economic viability of an industry at the height of its
productivity is unlikely.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawWater QualityClean Water ActNonpoint Source
PollutionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodPest & Disease
ControlGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct Quality

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Clinton Administration Clean Water Action Plan (February 1998) [hereinafter
Clean Water Action Plan] (stating that the "leading causes of water quality
impairments reported by states include siltation, nutrients, bacteria,
oxygen-depleting substances, metals, habitat alteration, pesticides, and organic
toxic chemicals. The majority of this pollution results from polluted runoff.
Nationally, agriculture is the most extensive source of water pollution,
affecting seventy percent of impaired rivers and streams and forty-nine percent
of impaired lake acres), available at http://cleanwater.gov/ action/toc.html
(last visited Jan. 23, 2004).





n2.  John H. Davidson, The Federal Farm Bill and the Environment, Natural
Resources And Environment, Summer 2003, at 3.





n3.  J.B. Ruhl, Farms, Their Environmental Harms, and Environmental Law, 27
Ecology L.Q. 263, 263 (2000).





n4.  Davidson, supra note 2, at 3 (stating "perhaps the most dramatic physical
evidence of this intense agricultural activity is the development of a large
"hypoxic" zone in the Gulf of Mexico. An area of the Gulf sometimes equal in
size to New Jersey becomes depleted of oxygen every year because of the heavy
flow of nitrogen and other nutrients down the Mississippi River. The Gulf's
so-called dead zone can only be corrected, according to some government reports,
by reducing fertilizer use by twenty percent and restoring five million acres of
wetlands").





n5.  Id.





n6.  James Stephen Carpenter, Farm Chemicals, Soil Erosion, and Sustainable
Agriculture, 13 Stan. Environ. L.J. 190, 191 (1994).





n7.  State legislation relating to sustainable agriculture focuses heavily on
funding research into the development of sustainable practices and providing
grants to farmers practicing sustainable agriculture. See e.g., Wash. Rev. Code
Ann. 15.92.010 (2004), Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 6, 4701 (2004), Mont. Code Ann.
20-25-233 (2004), Mass. Gen. Laws Ch. 29 2III (2004), Minn. Stat. Ann. 17.114
(2004), Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 7 241 (2004), Kan. Stat. Ann. 76-4, 103 (2004),
505 Ill. Comp. Stat. 135/1 (2004), Cal. Food & Agric. Code 550 (2004), 3 Pa.
Cons. Stat. Ann. 2101 (2004), Ia. Code Ann. 266.39B (2004).





n8.  See 7 U.S.C. 5801 (2000) ("it is the purpose of this subchapter to
encourage research designed to increase our knowledge concerning agricultural
production systems that (1) maintain and enhance the quality and productivity of
the soil; (2) conserve soil, water, energy, natural resources, and fish and
wildlife habitat; (3) maintain and enhance the quality of surface and ground
water; (4) protect the health and safety of persons involved in the food and
farm system; (5) promote the well being of animals; and (6) increase employment
opportunities in agriculture"). See also 7 U.S.C. 3101 (2000) ("the purpose of
federally supported agricultural research, extension, and education are to ...
(2) increase the long-term productivity of the United States agriculture and
food industry while maintaining and enhancing the natural resource base on which
rural American and the United States agricultural economy depend").





n9.  Neil. D. Hamilton, Sustainable Agriculture: The Role of the Attorney, 20
Environ. L. Rep. 10021, 2-3 (1990) (discussing the promises of sustainable
agriculture and its role in the development of U.S. agricultural policy.
Further, stating for "those who decry the ills of modern chemical-intensive
farming practices and advocate a return to more traditional practices,
sustainable agriculture offers the nation a chance, perhaps its last, to develop
a land ethic that integrates concern for people, the land, and how we produce
our food").





n10.  Id.





n11.  Cal Food & Agric. Code 550 (2004).





n12.  USDA Census of Agriculture (2002), available at http://www.nass.usda.gov
/census/. ("The United States Census of Agriculture is required by law under the
Census of Agriculture Act of 1997, Public Law 105-113 (Title 7, United States
Code, Section 2204g)). The law directs the Secretary of Agriculture to conduct a
census of agriculture in 1998 and in every fifth year after, covering the prior
year. The census of agriculture includes each State, Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S.
Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands." Id. The first
Census of Agriculture was conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau
of the Census in 1840. In 1997, the appropriations Act transferred the census
responsibility to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, National Agriculture
Statistics Service. Id. [hereinafter Census].





n13.  Census, supra note 12.





n14.  Census, supra note 12.





n15.  Census, supra note 12 (under the definition of farms used by the USDA, in
1997, farms ranged in size from 49 acres to over 2,000 acres and brought in
anywhere from $ 2500 to over $ 500,000. In addition, families, corporations,
partnerships, and individuals owned farms. Farms raised crops ranging from corn
and grain to cotton, tobacco and hay, in addition to raising livestock ranging
from hogs and pigs to broiler chickens, laying hens and beef and milk cows).





n16.  Census, supra note 12.





n17.  Census, supra note 12.





n18.  Census, supra note 12 (of the American farms examined in the 1997 census,
roughly half generated annual product values under $ 10,000, accounting for less
than 1.5 percent of total farm production value, whereas roughly 3.6 percent of
farms generated over $ 500,000 in annual product value, accounting for over 56
percent of total farm production value. A small percentage of the total farms in
existence are producing a disproportionately large portion of agricultural
products).





n19.  Charles W. Abdalla, The Industrialization of Agriculture; Implications for
Public Concern and Environmental Consequences of Intensive Livestock Operations,
10 Penn State Envtl. L.R. 175, 176 (2002) (citing the location of poultry and
livestock producers nearer to the processing and infrastructure locations
specialized to their needs as a means of increasing productivity).





n20.  Hamilton, supra note 9, at 5.





n21.  See generally Hamilton, supra note 9, at 5.





n22.  Id.





n23.  Ruhl, supra note 3, at 274.





n24.  Id.





n25.  Id.





n26.  Id. at 263 (stating that given the amount environmental harms caused by
farms and that federal environmental law has yet to develop a comprehensive
regulatory program for the industry, farms "have been given a license to
pollute").





n27.  Id.





n28.  Id.





n29.  Commentators have found that the subsidies provided to farmers by the
federal government encourage overuse of land, overproduction of crops, and use
of unsuitable land for raising crops. Subsidies ensure that farmers will have a
market for the crops that they grow in addition to ensuring that the prices for
the crops remain high enough to support the agriculture industry. See generally
David E. Adelman and John H. Barton, Environmental Regulation for Agriculture:
Towards a Framework to Promote Sustainable Intensive Agriculture, 21 Stan.
Envtl. L.J. 3, 12 (2002) (stating that in the United States, as well as
globally, environmental subsidies contribute to the environmental costs of
agriculture. Subsidies lead to unnecessary production, or production that might
be conducted more efficiently somewhere else, as well as encouraging unnecessary
use of inputs. Currently, on a global basis, agricultural subsidies account for
approximately forty percent of the gross income from agriculture worldwide and
agricultural subsidies account for seventeen percent of agricultural gross
income in the United States).





n30.  33 U.S.C. 1311(a) (2000) (making the discharge of any pollutant by any
person unlawful).





n31.  33 U.S.C. 1342(a)(1) (2000) (stating that "except as provided in sections
1328 and 1344 of this title, the Administrator may, after opportunity for public
hearing, issue a permit for the discharge of any pollutant, or combination of
pollutants, notwithstanding section 1311(a) of this title, upon condition that
such discharge will meet either (A) all applicable requirements under sections
1311, 1312, 1316, 1317, 1318, and 1343 of this title, or (B) prior to the taking
of necessary implementing actions relating to all such requirements, such
conditions as the Administrator determines are necessary to carry out the
provisions of this chapter." See also id. at 1342(b) (stating that a state may
implement their own permitting program. "At any time after the promulgation of
the guidelines required by subsection (i)(2) of section 1314 of this title, the
Governor of each State desiring to administer its own permit program for
discharges into navigable waters within its jurisdiction may submit to the
Administrator a full and complete description of the program it proposes to
establish and administer under State law or under an interstate compact").





n32.  See 33 U.S.C. 1362(14) (2000) (excluding irrigated agriculture stormwater
discharges and return flows from the definition of point source).





n33.  33 U.S.C. 1362(6) (2000) (defining the term pollutant to be "dredged
spoil, solid waste, incinerator residue, sewage, garbage, sewage sludge,
munitions, chemical wastes, biological materials, radioactive materials, heat,
wrecked or discarded equipment, rock, sand, cellar dirt and industrial,
municipal, and agricultural waste discharged into water").





n34.  33 U.S.C. 1362(12)(2000) (defining the discharge of a pollutant as "(A)
any addition of any pollutant to navigable waters from any point source, (B) any
addition of any pollutant to the waters of the contiguous zone or the ocean from
any point source other than a vessel or other floating craft").





n35.  Ruhl, supra note 3, at 295.





n36.  Id.





n37.  33 U.S.C. 1362(14)(2000) (defining point source as "any discernible,
confined and discrete conveyance, including but not limited to any pipe, ditch,
channel, tunnel, conduit, well, discrete fissure, container, rolling stock,
concentrated animal feeding operation, or vessel or other floating craft, from
which pollutants are or may be discharged. This term does not include
agricultural stormwater discharges and return flows from irrigated agriculture
"). See also Pub. L. No. 95-217.





n38.  See Ruhl, supra note 3, at 295.





n39.  Clean Water Action Plan, supra note 1.





n40.  33 U.S.C. 1362(14) (2000) (defines point source to include concentrated
animal feeding operations).





n41.  40 C.F.R. 122.23(b)(1) (defining concentrated animal feeding operation.
"Animal feeding operation ("AFO") means a lot or facility (other than an aquatic
animal production facility) where the following conditions are met: (i) animals
(other than an aquatic animals) have been, are, or will be stabled or confined
and fed or maintained for a total of 45 days or more in any 12-month period, and
(ii) crops, vegetation, forage growth, or post-harvest residues are not
sustained in the normal growing season over any portion of the lot or
facility"). See also 40 C.F.R. 122.23(2) (specifies when an animal feeding
operation becomes concentrated and therefore is within the scope of the Clean
Water Act regulations. "Concentrated animal feeding operation ("CAFO") means an
AFO that is defined as a Large CAFO or as a Medium CAFO by the terms of this
paragraph, or that is designated as a CAFO in accordance with paragraph (c) of
this section. Two or more AFOs under common ownership are considered to be a
single AFO for the purposes of determining the number of animals at an
operation, if they adjoin each other or if they use a common area or system for
the disposal of wastes"). See also 40 C.F.R. 122.21(c) (specifying that an AFO
that does not satisfy the standards set for CAFOs can be classified as a CAFO if
the AFO is a significant water polluter). See also 40 C.F.R. 122.21(b)(1)
(despite this inclusion of concentrated animal feeding operations within the
scope of the Clean Water Act, an animal feeding operation that sustains crops,
vegetation, forage growth, or post-harvest residues is exempt from the
concentrated animal feeding operation regulations under the Clean Water Act).





n42.  33 U.S.C. 1362(14) (2000) (defines point source to include concentrated
animal feeding operations).





n43.  Clean Water Action Plan, supra note 1.





n44.  33 U.S.C. 1329(a)(1)(2000) ("the Governor of each State shall, after
notice and opportunity for public comment, prepare and submit to the
Administrator for approval, a report which (A) identifies those navigable waters
within the State which, without additional action to control nonpoint sources of
pollution, cannot reasonably be expected to attain or maintain applicable water
quality standards or the goals and requirements of this chapter; (B) identifies
those categories and subcategories of nonpoint sources or, where appropriate,
particular nonpoint sources which add significant pollution to each portion of
the navigable waters identified under subparagraph (A) in amounts which
contribute to such portion not meeting such water quality standards or such
goals and requirements; (C) describes the process, including intergovernmental
coordination and public participation, for identifying best management practices
and measures to control each category and subcategory of nonpoint sources and,
where appropriate, particular nonpoint sources identified under subparagraph (B)
and to reduce, to the maximum extent practicable, the level of pollution
resulting from such category, subcategory, or source; and (D) identifies and
describes State and local programs for controlling pollution added from nonpoint
sources to, and improving the quality of, each such portion of the navigable
waters, including but not limited to those programs which are receiving Federal
assistance under subsections (h) and (i) of this section).





n45.  Id.





n46.  33 U.S.C. 1329(b)(1)(2000) ("the Governor of each State, for that State or
in combination with adjacent States, shall, after notice and opportunity for
public comment, prepare and submit to the Administrator for approval a
management program which such State proposes to implement in the first four
fiscal years beginning after the date of submission of such management program
for controlling pollution added from non point sources to the navigable waters
within the State and improving the quality of such waters").





n47.  33 U.S.C. 1329(h)(1) (2000) ("upon application of a State for which a
report submitted under subsection (a) of this section and a management program
submitted under subsection (b) of this section is approved under this section,
the Administrator shall make grants, subject to such terms and conditions as the
Administrator considers appropriate, under this subsection to such State for the
purpose of assisting the State in implementing such management program. Funds
reserved pursuant to section 1285(j)(5) of this title may be used to develop and
implement such management program").





n48.  See generally Ruhl, supra note 3, at 298 (discussing the enactment of 33
U.S.C. 1329(h)(1) by Congress as a rationale for redefining point source to
exclude irrigation return flows and thereby remove it from the CWA permitting
program and from the dredge-and-fill permitting program).





n49.  Id. ("In the absence of any concrete, enforceable federal blueprint for
addressing nonpoint source pollution, the success of Sections 208 and 319
depended largely on state initiative. It is little surprise, then, that neither
Section 208 nor Section 319 produced meaningful results").





n50.  Census, supra note 12.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Ruhl, supra note 3, at 331.





n53.  Id. at 332 (stating that "the Chemical Manufacturers Association, the
Fertilizer Institute, and the National Agricultural Chemicals Association
regularly weigh in on farm policy issues").





n54.  Id.





n55.  American Farm Bureau Statement of Purpose (The American Farm Bureau "is an
independent, non-governmental, voluntary organization governed by and
representing farm and ranch families united for the purpose of analyzing their
problems and formulating action to achieve educational improvement, economic
opportunity and social advancement and, thereby, to promote the national
well-being. Farm Bureau is local, county, state, national and international in
its scope and influence and is non-partisan, non-sectarian and non-secret in
character. Farm Bureau is the voice of agricultural producers at all levels"),
available at http://www.fb.org (last visited January 22, 2004).





n56.  Id.





n57.  Id.





n58.  Adelman, supra note 29, at 5 (stating that "society's naturalistic vision
of agricultural practices compounds these political dynamics. Drawing on this
romanticized view of agriculture, the political left has promoted concern about
new high-tech practices, such as genetically-based technologies, while the
political right has used it to obscure the significant environmental impacts
agriculture causes, like nitrate pollution from fertilizers. This dynamic
creates the worst of all possible worlds: bias against new technologies that
have the potential to be more environmentally sustainable, combined with failure
to regulate (or to create the right incentives to alter) existing unsustainable
practices. Governments thus frequently exclude agricultural production from
general environmental requirements, regulate it at a lower standard than other
industries, or regulate it in ways that encourage unsustainable practices").





n59.  Id.





n60.  Census, supra note 12 (stating that of the American farms examined in the
1997 census, roughly half generated annual product values under $ 10,000,
accounting for less than 1.5 percent of total farm production value, whereas
roughly 3.6 percent of farms generated over $ 500,000 in annual product value,
accounting for over 56 percent of total farm production value).





n61.  Census, supra note 12 (amount of land in farms in 1964: 1,110,187,000
acres. Amount of land in farms in 1997: 931,795,255 acres. Market value of
agricultural products sold in 1964: 35,393,431 dollars. Market value of
agricultural products sold in 1997: 196,864,649 dollars).





n62.  See Board on Agriculture and Natural Resources (The National Academies,
Advisers to the Nation on Science, Engineering, and Medicine), available at
http://dels.nas.edu/banr/ (last visited January 20, 2004).





n63.  See generally 7 U.S.C. 5801 (a) (2000) ("it is the purpose of this
subchapter to encourage research designed to increase our knowledge concerning
agricultural production systems that (1) maintain and enhance the quality and
productivity of the soil; (2) conserve soil, water, energy, natural resources,
and fish and wildlife habitat; (3) maintain and enhance the quality of surface
and ground water; (4) protect the health and safety of persons involved in the
food and farm system; (5) promote the well being of animals; and (6) increase
employment opportunities in agriculture"). See also generally 3 Pa. Cons. Stat.
Ann. 2101 (2004) ("the General Assembly finds and declares as follows: (1)
Funding is needed to promote sustainable agriculture in this Commonwealth. (2)
The practice of sustainable agriculture is intended to offer the farmer the
greatest return on his labor and capital by reducing operating expenses while
enhancing the value of the end product. (3) Sustainable agriculture emphasizes
the practice of an agriculture that is ecologically beneficial, that would
improve and ensure the quality of soil and water for future generations and, at
the same time, would enable the farmer to earn a livelihood consistent with his
capital investment and labor. (4) Sustainable agriculture emphasized farm
practices that make the best use of on-farm labor and resources to reduce or
eliminate the need for the purpose of off-farm inputs").





n64.  See generally Hamilton, supra note 67, at 2-3 (discussing the promises of
sustainable agriculture and its role in the development of U.S. agricultural
policy. Further, stating for "those who decry the ills of modern
chemical-intensive farming practices and advocate a return to more traditional
practices, sustainable agriculture offers the nation a chance, perhaps its last,
to develop a land ethic that integrates concern for people, the land, and how we
produce our food").





n65.  See 7 U.S.C. 3013(17) (2000). See also Pa. St. 3 P.S. 2103 (West, WESTLAW
through Act 2003-21).





n66.  See generally James Stephen Carpenter, Farm Chemicals, Soil Erosion, and
Sustainable Agriculture, 13 Stan. Envtl. L.J. 190, 221-4 (1994) (discussing
sustainable agriculture practices and citing national research council,
committee on the role of alternative farming, alternative agriculture: committee
on the role of alternative farming methods in modern production agriculture 85
(1989) (National Academy Press 1989).





n67.  Id.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id.





n70.  Id.





n71.  Id.





n72.  See generally Census, supra note 12.





n73.  See generally Ruhl, supra note 3, at 293-4.





n74.  Western Region, Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education,
(Conception of the Program) (available at
http://wsare.usu.edu/history/concept.htm#N_3_) (last visited January 20, 2004).





n75.  Id.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id.





n79.  See 7 U.S.C. 5801-5832 (2000).





n80.  See 7 U.S.C. 5801(a) (2000).





n81.  See 7 U.S.C. 5811(a) (2000) (listing the types of projects the Secretary
is to implement).





n82.  7 U.S.C. 5813(a-d) (2000) (establishing a Federal-State matching program.
Under the program, eligible state programs will receive funding if the state is
able to pay fifty percent of the costs. In addition, the state plan must
directly involve farmers in the development, implementation, and evaluation of
the program).





n83.  Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education website, available at
http://www.sare.org/ (last visited January 20, 2004).





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Id.





n87.  Id.





n88.  See 7 U.S.C. 5822 (2000).





n89.  Cal. Food & Agric. Code 550-54 (West, WESTLAW through end (Ch. 909) of
2003-04 Reg. Sess. urgency legislation, Ch. 13 (end) of 1[su'st'] Ex.)





n90.  Cal. Food & Agric. Code 552 (West, WESTLAW through end (Ch. 909) of
2003-04 Reg. Sess. urgency legislation, Ch. 13 (end) of 1[su'st'] Ex.)).
Remainder of purpose sections states: This article is intended to foster
economically and ecologically beneficial means of soil improvement, pest
management, irrigation, cultivation, harvesting, transportation, and marketing
for California agriculture based on methods designed to accomplish all of the
following:



   (a) The control of pests and diseases of agricultural importance through
alternatives that reduce or eliminate the use of pesticides and petrochemicals;

   (b) Produce, process, and distribute food and fiber in ways that consider the
interactions among soil, plant, water, air, animals, tillage, machinery, labor,
energy, and transportation to enhance agricultural efficiency, publish health,
and resource conservation.





n91.  Cal. Food & Agric. Code 553(a)(1) (2004).





n92.  Id. (stating "it is the intent of the Legislature that the Regents of the
University of California establish the Sustainable Agriculture Research
Education Program to support ... competitive grants for research on topics
described in Section 552. Section 552 lists as topics the control of pests and
diseases of agricultural importance through alternatives that reduce or
eliminate the use of pesticides and petrochemicals, and the production,
processing and distribution of food and fiber in ways that consider the
"interactions among soil, plant, water, air, animals, tillage, machinery, labor,
energy, and transportation to enhance agricultural efficiency, public health and
resource conservation'").





n93.  See Ia. Code Ann. 266.39b (2004), Minn. Stat. Ann. 17.115 (2004), 3 Pa.
Cons. Stat. Ann. 2103 (2004).





n94. < ERROR> .Ia. Code Ann. 266.39B(1) (2004).





n95.  Ia. Code Ann. 455E.11(e) (2004).





n96.  See Hamilton, supra note 9, at 8.





n97.  Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture Center Progress Report 2003,
available at http://www.leopold.iastate.edu/pubinfo/pubinfo.html (last visited
January 26, 2004) [hereinafter Center Progress Report].





n98.  Ia. Code Ann. 266.39B(1) (2004).





n99. < ERROR> .Ia. Code Ann. 266.39B(1)(a) (2004).





n100. < ERROR> .Ia. Code Ann. 266.39B(1)(b) and (c) (2004).





n101.  Center Progress Report, supra note 97.





n102.  Id.





n103.  See generally Wash. Rev. Code Ann. 15.92.010 (2004), Vt. Stat. Ann. tit
6, 4701 (2004), Mont. Code Ann. 20-25-233 (2004), Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 29 2III
(2004), Minn. Stat. Ann. 17.114 (2004), Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 7 241 (2004),
Kan. Stat. Ann. 76-4, 103 (2004), 505 Ill. Comp. Stat. 135/1 (2004), Cal. Food &
Agric. Code 550 (2004), 3 Pa. Cons. Stat. Ann. 2101 (2004), Ia. Code Ann.
266.39B (2004).





n104.  7 U.S.C. 5813(a-d) (2000) (establishing a Federal-State matching program.
Under the program, eligible state programs will receive funding if the state is
able to pay fifty percent of the costs. In addition, the state plan must
directly involve farmers in the development, implementation, and evaluation of
the program).





n105.  Hamilton, supra note 9, at 3 (quoting from W. Berry, Meeting The
Expectations Of The Land: Essays In Sustainable Agriculture And Stewardship
(1894)).





n106.  Id.





n107.  7 U.S.C. 3101(17) (2000).





n108.  3 Pa. Cons. Stat. Ann. 2103 (2004).





n109.  Id.





n110.  See 7 U.S.C. 5841(17) (2000). See also 3 Pa. Cons. Stat. Ann. 2103
(2004).





n111.  7 U.S.C. 5814 (2000).





n112.  See generally Hamilton, supra note 9, at 2 (discussing the difficulty in
defining the term, made more difficult by the importance of the definition to
the success of the concept).





n113.  See generally id. (discussing the benefits of a widely accepted
definition. "Definitions can play an important role for at least three reasons.
First, considering various definitions provides those involved in the debate an
opportunity to refine their thinking and to justify the policies and ideas they
advocate. Second, the varying definitions illustrate that many different views
of the concept exist, depending on the perspective of the speaker. Third, the
identification of different perspectives allows the listener, whether policy
maker, farmer, or researcher, to consider the motivations and understanding
behind any proposal").





n114.  Hamilton, supra note 9, at 2.





n115.  Id.





n116.  See Clean Water Action Plan, supra note 1.





n117.  See Ruhl, supra note 3, at 263.





n118.  See Carpenter, supra note 6, at 191.





n119.  See Hamilton, supra note 9, at 2-3.





n120.  See e.g., Wash. Rev. Code Ann. 15.92.010 (2004), Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 6,
4701 (2004), Mont. Code Ann. 20-25-233 (2004), Mass. Gen. Laws Ch. 29 2III
(2004), Minn. Stat. Ann. 17.114 (2004), Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 7 241 (2004),
Kan. Stat. Ann. 76-4, 103 (2004), 505 Ill. Comp. Stat. 135/1 (2004), Cal. Food &
Agric. Code 550 (2004), 3 Pa. Cons. Stat. Ann. 2101 (2004), Ia. Code Ann.
266.39B (2004).


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  November 27, 1999 Saturday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Is the march toward more corporate-style farms heading into the sunset?

BYLINE: Laura Rance

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. D08, Siteseeing

LENGTH: 369 words


It's an 'agri' world these days out there in farm country. But with all the talk
about agri-food, agri-biz and agri-sales, have you ever wondered where
agriculture is headed? John E. Ikerd has, and the extension professor with the
University of Missouri is convinced North American agriculture is going in the
wrong direction. In fact, his Web site at
http://www.ssu.missouri.edu/faculty/JIkerd/papers/default.htm is filled with
logical reasons as to why the relentless march toward larger, more
corporate-style farms is heading into the sunset. The scenario he presents of
U.S. agriculture is strikingly similar to what's happening here in Canada,
despite the fact that U.S. farmers are much more heavily subsidized. 'Thousands
of farm families are being forced off the land, and we are being told that it is
an inevitable consequence of technological progress. The only alternatives
farmers are being offered is to get bigger, give in to corporate control, or get
out,' says a paper called a New Revolution in American Agriculture. Scrolling
through the nearly two dozen papers posted on the site is a refreshing read for
anyone observing the continuing debate over whether the income conditions
forcing thousands of Canadian farm families from their land can be defined as a
crisis. Many economists and policymakers suggest this agri-exodus is just part
of a natural progression as family farming makes way for a more efficient scale.
Not so, says Mr. Ikerd. 'Industrialization is not inevitable, nor is it
progress,' he writes. He's promoting an alternative agricultural production
system, one that is more heavily focused on management than inputs, as a model
that would keep more farmers on the land while requiring fewer subsidies. Mr.
Ikerd says farmers on average only get about one penny out of every dollar
consumers spend on food. So there isn't much efficiency left to be squeezed out
of primary agriculture. He also suggests the mounting environmental and social
costs of further industrialization exceed the benefits. While there once was a
logical reason for our society to promote greater efficiency in farming, namely
to free up labour for factories in the city, that need is no longer.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: TractorNational Post

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                            October 6, 2012 Saturday

Methven farmer joins forum of world's best

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 292 words


Methven farmer Craige Mackenzie will become the first New Zealander to sit
alongside the world's best farmers on the Global Farmer Roundtable in the United
States later this month.

The meeting at Des Moines, Iowa will be opened by US assistant secretary of
state Jose Fernandez, who sits under chief secretary Hillary Clinton.

The farmers have been assembled to close the increasing food and nutritional gap
in the world. They will be expected to share tools, technologies and strategies
to maximise the productivity and profitability of farming in the next five to 10
years.

This is a subject close to the heart of Mackenzie who, as a cropping and dairy
farmer, has taken on some of the most sophisticated technology available to
farmers at his operation and runs a business, Agri Optics, in precision
agriculture.

Mackenzie said it had been a privilege to be invited to the meeting and he was
looking forward to picking up new technology from other farmers.

The meeting would open doors to help New Zealand lift agriculture trade and
generate new farming contacts, he said.

"If you don't get the opportunity to sit around the Global Farmer Roundtable you
don't get to see what other people are doing around the world. It will be
interesting to see what is going on around the world that we don't know about
and how it fits together."

Mackenzie said agriculture could learn from different crops.

Farming technology was limited only by the imagination of innovators, he said.

Mackenzie spoke at the International Precision Agriculture Conference in Indiana
last July.

"When we look around the world in precision agriculture we are up with the rest
of the world. New Zealand farmers are as good as anywhere else in the world and
we need to maintain this knowledge."

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 29, 2001, Saturday

BRUSSELS NOTEBOOK: EXPANSION THE MAIN DRIVE IN BRUSSELS

BYLINE: Richard Wright

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 734 words

HIGHLIGHT: Opening the conference . . . Tom Parlon, Irish Farmers' Association
president


THIS week's Congress of European Agriculture meeting in the Waterfront Hall in
Belfast produced few surprises in terms of European policy, but none was
expected.

What speakers from the European Commission underlined was that the direction of
policy was changing, with consumer safety higher up the agenda now than ever
before, and a recognition that support for farming was no longer the way to
channel funds into rural areas.

It is clear now that there will be no going back from these polices. By using an
event like the CEA to hammer this message home the Commission was telling the
farming lobby not to waste its time seeking polices that are not in line with
this thinking. The industry knows now exactly where policy is going - the only
question is how far, and how fast, the Commission is prepared to go. It may be
tempted to push these policies in next year's mid-term review of Agenda 2000,
but it seems more likely it will concentrate then on mid term changes to beef
and cereals, with the big policy push left until the 2004/2005 debate on the
replacement for Agenda 2000, which must be in place by 2006.

The attendance of delegates in Belfast from countries across Europe, as opposed
to only the EU, underlined that EU enlargement is now a fact of life. By 2006,
when the new CAP is ushered in, the EU will have new Member States whose views
will have to be factored into the discussions. It was clear this week that
expansion is the number one political driver in Brussels, and that nothing will
blow the Commission off course from securing accession deals. Agriculture
remains one of the difficult areas, but the Commission is hopeful that the
problem will solve itself, as the gap between EU prices, world prices and those
in the applicant countries narrows. Policies from the red tape free CAP claims
for farmers receiving less than 1250 euro to moves to reduce the link between
production and farm support will all help make enlargement possible, without
destroying agriculture in the existing EU Member States or breaking the CAP
budget.

If there were few big ideas this week from the Commission on the future of farm
support the same cannot be said of the United States. At a difficult time
politically for the administration in Washington, US Agriculture Secretary Ann
Veneman has unveiled a discussion document on the future of farm support from
2002 to 2006 - a document she says has the backing of President George Bush. The
traditional view is that Europe follows trends set in the US, but this time it
seems to be the other way around. For the first time Washington is saying that
support to farming is no longer the best way of encouraging economic activity in
rural areas. Starkly it says that farming "no longer anchors most rural
communities and economies".

Instead Ms Veneman says it is the non farming economy that does so - a fact of
life already recognised in Europe. "Non farm jobs and income are now the drivers
of rural economic activity," concludes the report.

Against this background the US seems to be moving towards policies very similar
to those in Europe - rural development and environmental rewards for farmers,
with support for the larger commercial farmer concentrated on the provision of
refunds and other incentives to make exporting more attractive.

However, in the US, there is not the same interest or concentration on issues
such as organic farming and animal welfare, with both seen as the domain of
poorly supported activist groups, rather than mainstream consumers.

There is a long way to go yet before these proposals in the US become firm
policy, but the new thinking in Washington should do much to take the heat out
of differences between Brussels and the US in the WTO.

The European Commission has also welcomed recognition by Washington of the need
for continuing aid to agriculture. "The US now accepts farming is more than just
another industry," said a Commission spokesman this week.

This comment reflects a belief in Brussels that the US is now following its
lead. This is open to question, but with the WTO insisting its discussions on
agriculture will go ahead, as planned, in November this potential change of
approach towards farm support in the US will help focus the debate on the real
issue - the use of export refunds, rather than the principle of supporting or
not supporting agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 17, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

REAPING INTELLIGENCE DOWN ON THE FARM

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 3; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1085 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Despite President Reagan's offer last week to sell 23 million metric tons of
American grain this year to the Soviet Union, which is facing its poorest wheat
and corn harvest in seven years, the Agriculture Department predicts that Moscow
isn't likely to import as much as it did last year.

The department thinks it knows this because its intelligence sources report that
other Soviet farmers are bringing in more sugar beets and bigger forage and
oilseed crops to supplement the livestock feeds they have had to buy from the
United States, Argentina and Canada.

As trade in farm commodities has become more and more important to the United
States, the department has stepped up its efforts to monitor agriculture
worldwide - such matters as how much land has been planted, the health of crops,
who may be interested in buying them, whether there are any problems in
transporting or storing them, and whether countries are trying to increase meat
supplies. (At various times last week the department was also disclosing that
the land Yugoslavia has planted in sunflowers, its principal source of edible
oil, is down 28 percent from last year. And that Australia, suffering a severe
drought, is preparing to import wheat instead of exporting it.)

These intelligence-gathering efforts, so far as can be determined, are overt.
Much of the information is gathered by a corps of agriculture attaches, the
department's eyes and ears abroad, who operate from United States embassies.

During the past five years the Agriculture Department's intelligence
capabilities have been greatly enhanced by four factors: a slight loosening of
travel restrictions in the Soviet Union and much easier movement in China and an
information exchange program with that country; refinement of data gathered by a
satellite specially programmed for farm information; improvement in satellite
reporting of weather; and the installation of a dataprocessing network linking
the agriculture attaches with Washington.

The forecasting of United States crop production is based, as it has been for
the past 30 years, on first determining how many acres are planted in the basic
crops, then enumerator surveys of 16,000 representative crop areas, and finally
estimating the average peracre yield that can be expected. At home, meat
production is projected by tabulating livestock counts in the 16,000 enumerator
areas and adding in monthly reports by farmers and livestock feeders indicating
how many animals they intend to raise and feed.

But the gathering of similar farm intelligence in many foreign countries,
particularly in the Soviet Union and China, is neither as easy nor as
straightforward. Cuba is off limits entirely. And this year Russia has limited
the travel of attaches to three tours of their farm areas, all of them
restricted as to where and when the aides could go. There are no similar
limitations on trips through China, although distances are so great there and
transportation to the outer provinces so spotty that it is difficult for the
Americans to see much.

Satellites fill many of these gaps. Every 18 days Landsat passes over all
farming areas of the Soviet Union, China, India and over all the other major
crop-producing countries of the world, including Argentina, Brazil, Canada and
Australia, this country's biggest competitors in international farm commodity
trade.
Snooping by the Numbers

And this year a Houston-based unit of the Foreign Agriculture Service has been
borrowing sensings from meteorological satellites now in polar orbit. While the
satellites still can't discern exactly what crops have been planted, they can
detect which areas are under cultivation. And they can show whether these areas
are planted in row crops, such as corn or soybeans, or in small grains, such as
wheat or barley.

Using numbers recorded by the satellites' sensors from 500 miles in the sky, the
analysts make laser beam recordings that can be transformed into color pictures.
From the density of the colors, they can tell whether the crops in foreign
fields are getting enough moisture, how fast they are growing, and whether any
parts of them have been flooded or eroded and destroyed.

But the attaches on the ground, according to Robert Torrens, chief of the
F.A.S.'s foreign production division, are still the primary harvesters of
information. This is the case even in the countries where their travel is either
restricted or arduous and where livestock counts are difficult to obtain.

Though no other nation produces as much agricultural intelligence as the United
States, all major farm countries, including the Soviet Union, publish some
agricultural reports and forecasts, Mr. Torrens said.

Most of them, including Russia, also publish weather reports, although the
Soviet reports are not systematic and those from the provinces are often meager.
The Russians usually publish grain and livestock production goals. But in some
years they do not disclose their success in meeting these goals. Moscow also
often publishes the number of acres planted, but rarely specifies which crops
have been planted in what quantities.

Recently, the Soviet press has been surprisingly candid in reporting the
problems of certain collectives in planting or harvesting crops or keeping their
livestock herds up to prescribed levels, Mr. Torrens said. ''They seem to be
using these reports to shame their farmers and whip them up into more efficient
operations.''

All the published farm reports, the satellite sensings, the weather reports and
the accounts of attache visits that flow into Washington each week are parts of
the puzzle the forecasters put together.  ''We've come a very long way, even in
the past three years, in gathering the information we need to forecast the size
of other country's crops, how much they'll be able to export or will have to
import, and whether their economy is good enough to buy what they need in grain
and meat,'' Mr. Torrens said.

''Even so, there are no magic formulas for crop forecasting and no means of
being absolutely sure,'' he said. ''Good forecasting results from hard work,
good judgment and a hell of a lot of luck.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of harvester satellite photo

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Bearish balance sheet for USDA report

SECTION: GRAIN; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 489 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) recently released the World
Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates Report (WASDE) for August.

Grains were mixed following the report, which held relatively few surprises and
provided little in the way of directional sentiment for the market.

The Chicago wheat market closed 8.5c/bu lower following the report, with higher
protein Kansas and Minneapolis wheat contracts following the move.

Domestic production in the United States increased by 38 million bushels, while
usage was increased by 35 million bushels 25 million bushels of this coming from
a surprising increase in forecast export numbers.

Global wheat production was also increased by 10.9 million metric tonne, with
particularly large increases in the Black Sea region crops.

The report met market expectations of record US corn yields and production,
although these record estimates were still below market consensus and led to a
modest rally in prices following the report.

Generally, the markets were also slightly surprised by the USDA forecasting an
increase in corn exports, particularly given the large amount of corn and feed
wheat being produced in the European Union (EU) this season and the EU
historically being a large importer of US corn.

To help balance this new global supply and demand equation, the USDA also
increased world corn ending stocks by 16.8 million metric tonnes or 8.5 per
cent.

The report also met market expectations of record US soybean yields and
production, contributing to a bearish overall balance sheet.

The USDA has forecast production to increase by 16pc year-on-year and ending
stocks to increase by 20.4pc year-on-year.

Although the USDA did not change its forecast numbers for South America, current
prices will be an important factor influencing the region's planting decisions
over the next one to two months, which will alter the supply situation in future
WASDE reports.

The report provided no break to the negative price sentiment of the past three
months, and the outlook was one of significant export competition from multiple
origins.

This will be particularly true for wheat, particularly for lower protein grades,
with strong competition out of the EU and Black Sea regions.

Feed barley will also come under heavy pressure as the export market competes
with a global excess of corn into the feed ration.

In terms of price outlook, weather risks have mostly passed for major global
producing regions, reducing the likelihood of a supply induced rally heading
into the Australian harvest.

The demand side is less certain with questions remaining around the extent to
which consumers will use the low prices to rebuild stocks as predicted by the
USDA.

Stronger than expected rebuilding of stocks will be supportive of grower prices,
however the market and USDA are already expecting significant increases in
stocks, and therefore the risk remains to the downside if demand underwhelms.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 14, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Farmers Idle More Land

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 4; Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 131 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 13


Farmers are taking about 8.5 percent more land from production in 1991 than they
did last year under Government acreage programs, according to preliminary
figures released by the Agriculture Department today.

Under this year's commodity programs, farmers will idle more than 28.2 million
acres, compared with 26 million acres taken from production under the 1990
programs, the department report showed.

Most of the land idled is wheat and feed grains acreage. Wheat farmers more than
doubled their set-aside from last year, while corn producers reduced theirs.

To be eligible for Federal price support and related benefits, farmers are
required to take a percentage of their base acres from crop production and put
the land in conservation uses that help protect the soil.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday

Measure 3 speaks to N.D. soul

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 403 words


Measure 3 on the Nov. 6 general election ballot reads:"The right of farmers and
ranchers to engage in modern farming and ranching practices shall be forever
guaranteed in this state. No law shall be enacted which abridges the right of
farmers and ranchers to employ agricultural technology, modern livestock
production and ranching practices."

North Dakota voters should vote yes on Measure 3 and place that language in the
state's constitution.

Farming and ranching are critical elements in the state's heritage and its
economic future. Ensuring agriculture's primacy makes good sense.

There has been a movement in Europe and parts of the United States to restrict
farming and ranching practices based on changing urban sensibilities that are
disconnected from production agriculture. Food politics that many North Dakotans
would consider anti-agriculture get credibility in the nation's large urban
areas.

In other words, there's cause for the North Dakota farm and ranch community to
protect its interests. And those North Dakotans who do not depend directly on
agriculture also have a serious stake in the continued practice of modern
farming and ranching.

The language of the proposed constitutional amendment does not, in itself,
override the state's authority to manage land use and to delegate planning and
zoning authority to cities, townships and counties. Guaranteeing modern farm and
ranch practices, including production techniques and use of state-of-the-art
technology, does not set aside environmental law or regulation of air and water
quality.

What it does to is establish the essential parameters for state laws that may
follow. It gives farmers and ranchers additional legal tools with which they can
protect their way of life.

It's true that the constitutional measure singles out agriculture for protection
and not other legitimate businesses and industries. But farming and ranching -
despite the oil boom in western North Dakota - always will be special element in
the identity of the state's residents.

Measure 3 was placed on the ballot by petition and by the signatures of more
than 26,904 North Dakotans. That's a respectable endorsement by rank and file
citizens of this state.

Guaranteeing farming and ranching's future in North Dakota is pretty hard to
argue against. It's part of who North Dakotans are, and who we want to continue
to be.

Vote yes on Measure 3 on the Nov. 6 general election ballot.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

US help strengthens farming business

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 322

LENGTH: 267  words


Sixty four specialists of the Ministries of Agriculture from Khyber Pukhtunkhwa,
Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh, and Balochistan received
ten-day training on modern techniques for farm business and irrigation systems
sponsored by the United States Government. The training course was organized by
the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) to help improve on-farm
productivity and profitability, product quality, and water management.

"Pakistan holds lucrative farming opportunities if modern techniques are applied
properly and efficiently. The U.S. Government is committed to helping Pakistan
modernize its agriculture sector thus providing a boost to the country's
economy," said USAID Country Director Jonathan Conly at the completion of the
training course for AJK and Gilgit Baltistan specialists on September 26 in
Islamabad.

Training participants will use this new information to counsel farmers in their
respective regions how to improve farm business, set up agriculture cooperation
stores, improve storage and on-farm processing, and develop market linkages.

"Farming in the mountain areas has always been a challenge for agri. extension
workers and researchers. I am glad that USAID has provided me skills to raise
awareness regarding agri-business among AJK farmers and especially the female
farmers who have a lead role in farm activities," said Amina Rafi, one of the
participants.

Pakistan's agricultural sector is a major employer of the country's labor force.
However, the sector lacks modern technologies and knowledge to make its products
competitive.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            August 10, 2006 Thursday

CORPORATE FARMING

BYLINE: Dr Ejaz Ahsan

LENGTH: 738 words


There is much talk about the introduction of corporate farming in Pakistan.
Farming corporations are being offered incentives that have never been offered
to the poor farmers of this country, like exemptions from import duty on
agricultural equipment, and many other incentives. Corporate farming is in vogue
in many parts of the United States. It should therefore be instructive to have a
look at the views of one who has been through that experience.

Patrice Le-Muire Jones from Maryland, co-ordinator of Global Hunger Alliance,
has this to say about corporate farming: "Corporate farming is a misguided
policy that can only lead to more hunger, more rural poverty, and more pollution
and depletion of resources. It produces cash crops for export rather than food
for local and regional consumption. It is an enterprise for profit that enriches
the owners at the expense of the local farmers and workers. It cares only for
short-term profits and does not hesitate to deplete and pollute the scarce
natural resources.

"The long-term solution to hunger and malnutrition is local production of a
diverse array of sustainable and culturally appropriate crops for local and
regional consumption. That can and should be augmented by production of suitable
high-value crops for national and international trade but never be replaced by
mass production of cheap crops for export. "I am particularly worried by
Pakistan's embrace of the corporate agriculture model. The implementation of
corporate farming in Pakistan will worsen the position of the rural poor and
further degrade valuable natural resources.

The inevitable consolidation of farms will displace small farms and favour
unsustainable production of crops over healthy foods for the people of Pakistan.
The country and its people will become even more vulnerable to changes in
international markets and therefore less able to maintain true independence.
Instead of embracing corporate farming, Pakistan should utilize the traditional
skill, wisdom and energy of its farmers and workers.

"In the US, agriculture today is dominated by a handful of powerful
corporations. Each year, there are fewer and fewer farms, because more and more
land is bought over by corporate agribusinesses. Often, the small farms that do
survive are integrated into the supply chain of a major corporation and are
therefore beholden to that corporation.

"The region where I live provides a good example of how corporate agriculture
can destroy communities. The region is dominated by the poultry industry. Most
of the farmers either grow chickens for a corporation like Tyson or Purdue or
grow corn or soya to be sold to those corporations as feed for the chickens.
Thus, the economic fortunes of the community rise and fall with the fortunes of
the corporation. Because the economy is not diversified, the whole community
must fear the day when a trade embargo or disease outbreak leads to the decline
of the industry.

Moreover, even when times are good for the corporations, they are bad for the
local farmers and workers. The farmers who grow chickens have no control over
the process and make far less than the legal minimum wage for the work that they
do. Most are in a form of debt servitude for one of the corporations, having
borrowed the money to install the expensive equipment needed for industrial
animal agriculture. The local citizens who are not farmers end up as workers for
the industry. They make very little money for dirty, degrading and dangerous
work.

Both farmers and workers are often demoralised by the cruelty towards animals
that the corporations mandate. Local citizens who are not affiliated with the
industry suffer too. The water has been severely polluted by pesticides,
fertilisers, animal waste and meat processing effluents. Because the local
economy is so depressed, due to the low wages paid by the industry and the lack
of economic diversification, all of the problems associated with rural poverty
are also present."

I have quoted at length from the paper, because I feel that if a policy has led
to greater poverty in the US, it will be followed by the same results over here.
We have enough problems from local and multinational corporations already,
without adding to them. If we want to introduce a policy of duty-free import of
agricultural equipment, the beneficiaries should be our ordinary farmers, not
affluent corporations. E-mail: drijaz@nation.com.pk

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: International Relations; Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2006 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 12, 1980 Friday

U.S. revises   its estimates   of harvests

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 116 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The U.S. Agriculture Department has trimmed its
 forecast of the U.S. corn harvest by 2 per cent to 6.53 billion bushels
 from last month's projection of 6.65 billion.

It also reduced its estimate of the soybean harvest 3 per cent to 1.83
 billion bushels from 1.88 billion last month.

The department also trimmed by 9 per cent to 11.7 million bales its
 estimate of the U.S. cotton harvest. It raised slightly its forecast of
 all U.S. wheat production to 2.35 billion bushels from the 2.32 billion
 forecast last month.

It left unchanged its forecast of 1980 Soviet grain production at 210
 million metric tons. Many analysts have been forecasting a harvest of as
 low as 200 million tons.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      July 22, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Better crop puts new spin on grain war

BYLINE: HERALD STAFF-AP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 363 words


A high-quality grain crop emerging across much of the Prairies will ease
farmers' pain if a trade war emerges between Canada and the United States.

The U.S. Agriculture Department is preparing to impose restrictions on Canadian
wheat Aug. 1 unless a dispute over the exports is settled next week. Canada has
threatened to take retaliatory action against U.S. agricultural imports.

"We believe we have to begin something quickly," U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike
Espy said Wednesday.

But good growing conditions have raised the potential for Canadian farmers to
depend less on the U.S. market this fall and winter, a spokeswoman for Alberta
Wheat Pool said.

During the current crop year (Aug. 1, 1993 to July 31, 1994), the U.S. has
consumed about 25 per cent of Canada's grain exports.

Grain exports to the U.S. surged to a record five million tonnes during the past
year because of strong demand for livestock feed after flooding in the U.S.
Midwest wiped out last year's corn crops.

Canada, coincidentally, had large amounts of feed wheat to sell abroad due to
our cool, wet weather last summer.

The grain industry in Canada is still hoping a fight with one of its major
customers can be avoided.

"We would like to see this issue resolved," said AWP spokeswoman JoAnne Meents.
"We hope the U.S. does not put heavy restrictions on our exports."

The International Trade Commission, a Washington-appointed body, concluded
earlier this month that American farmers have been hurt by the surge in Canadian
wheat exports. Panel members recommended a wide range of tariffs and quotas as
low as 900,000 tonnes.

U.S. and Canadian officials are scheduled to meet next Wednesday in Washington
in another attempt to negotiate limits on the exports. Canada has reportedly
been willing to accept limits on access to the U.S. market (despite getting free
access guaranteed by the 1989 free trade deal) if Washington will reduce its
grain export subsidies to markets such as Mexico.

Espy declined to discuss the sanctions he is considering. He said Aug. 1 is the
logical date to impose them because it is the beginning of the next Canadian
marketing year.



LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Connecticut: SOPHAN CHHUM, Plaintiff, v. CONSTANCE ANSTETT, fiduciary of the
estate of Ruth T. Bedford, Defendant.

LENGTH: 2262  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Connecticut has
issued the following order:



  UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT DISTRICT OF CONNECTICUT SOPHAN CHHUM, Plaintiff,
v. CONSTANCE ANSTETT, fiduciary of the estate of Ruth T. Bedford, Defendant. No.
3:15-cv-00900 (JAM) RULING GRANTING SUMMARY JUDGMENT For many years, plaintiff
Sophan Chhum worked for a wealthy woman who owned a small animal farm in
Connecticut. For the last years of the woman's life until she died at the age of
99, she trusted plaintiff to live on the farm and to take care of her numerous
farm animals. After the woman passed away, plaintiff filed this lawsuit against
her estate to claim that under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) he should
have been paid overtime for the hours that he worked in excess of 40 hours per
week while living on the farm.

Defendant has moved for summary judgment on the ground that plaintiff's work fit
within the "agricultural exemption" to the FLSA. I agree, and therefore I will
grant defendant's motion for summary judgment. BACKGROUND Ruth Bedford owned a
small farm known as "Nyala Farm" in Easton, Connecticut, some miles away from
where Bedford lived in Westport, Connecticut. The small farm had a farmhouse,
stables, and other outbuildings. Plaintiff first started working at Bedford's
farm in 1993. From 1993 until March 2010, plaintiff commuted to the farm from
his home in Bridgeport, Connecticut, and there he assisted another person who
lived on the farm as resident caretaker. In March 2010, the resident caretaker
Case 3:15-cv-00900-JAM Document 43 Filed 08/09/16 Page 1 of 7 2 passed away, and
Bedford asked plaintiff to move to the farm to assume the resident caretaker's
responsibilities. Plaintiff agreed, and he lived there until December 2014 when
the farm was sold shortly after Bedford passed away. During the time that
plaintiff lived there, Nyala Farm housed between three and five retired
racehorses, a mule, a donkey, two llamas, two cows, about twenty chickens, ten
ducks, twenty pigeons, and a dog. There was also a 1,000 pound pig that had
belonged to the former caretaker. Plaintiff fed the animals twice a day, took
the livestock from the stable to the pasture for exercise, sprayed the horses
with fly spray, groomed the horses, and checked on the horses at night.
Plaintiff also drove a truck owned by Bedford to buy food and other supplies for
the livestock and other animals. He oversaw the animals' medical care, calling
and assisting the veterinarian as needed. Every day, he called Bedford to report
how her animals were doing. Plaintiff also maintained the farm grounds,
including shoveling snow, cutting the grass, trimming the trees, and whacking
the weeds. He repaired fences and the farmhouse as needed. He was assisted in
these tasks by an hourly worker who worked about 40 hours a week. Otherwise,
plaintiff or his wife had to remain at the farm almost constantly because of the
demands of caring for the animals. DISCUSSION The principles governing a motion
for summary judgment are well established. Summary judgment may be granted only
if "the movant shows that there is no genuine dispute as to any material fact
and the movant is entitled to a judgment as a matter of law." Fed. R. Civ. P.
56(a); see also Tolan v. Cotton, 134 S. Ct. 1861, 1866 (2014) (per curiam). "A
genuine dispute of material fact exists for summary judgment purposes where the
evidence, viewed in the light most Case 3:15-cv-00900-JAM Document 43 Filed
08/09/16 Page 2 of 7 3 favorable to the nonmoving party, is such that a
reasonable jury could decide in that party's favor." Zann Kwan v. Andalex Grp.
LLC, 737 F.3d 834, 843 (2d Cir. 2013). The evidence adduced at the summary
judgment stage must be viewed in the light most favorable to the nonmoving party
and with all ambiguities and reasonable inferences drawn against the moving
party. See, e.g., Tolan, 134 S. Ct. at 1866; Caronia v. Philip Morris USA, Inc.,
715 F.3d 417, 427 (2d Cir. 2013). All in all, "a judge's function at summary
judgment is not to weigh the evidence and determine the truth of the matter but
to determine whether there is a genuine issue for trial." Tolan, 134 S. Ct. at
1866. The FLSA requires that an employer pay an employee overtime for hours
worked in excess of 40 hours per week if an employee either "is engaged in
commerce or in the production of goods for commerce," or "is employed in an
enterprise engaged in commerce or in the production of goods for commerce." 29
U.S.C. § 207(a)(1).1 But an employee who works in "agriculture" for a small
agricultural operation, however, is exempt from these overtime requirements. 29
U.S.C. § 213(a)(6)(A). 2 The FLSA, in turn, defines the term "agriculture"
broadly to include: farming in all its branches and among other things includes
. . . the raising of livestock, bees, fur-bearing animals, or poultry, and any
practices (including any forestry or lumbering operations) performed by a farmer
or on a farm as an incident to or in conjunction with such farming operations. .
. . 29 U.S.C. § 203(f). 1 At oral argument, the Court queried whether the
"commerce" requirement for application of the FLSA has been established in this
case. Because I do not need to resolve that question as a jurisdictional matter,
see Arbaugh v. Y&H Corp., 546 U.S. 500, 516 (2006), I decline to resolve it now.
2 The agriculture exemption extends in relevant part to "any employee employed
in agriculture (A) if such employee is employed by an employer who did not,
during any calendar quarter during the preceding calendar year, use more than
five hundred man-days of agricultural labor." 29 U.S.C. § 219(a)(6)(A). There is
no dispute among the parties that Nyala Farm did not use more than 500 man-days
of agricultural labor during any quarter of preceding calendar years. Case
3:15-cv-00900-JAM Document 43 Filed 08/09/16 Page 3 of 7 4 The Supreme Court has
explained that "[t]he exemption was meant to embrace the whole field of
agriculture," but "was meant to apply only to agriculture." Maneja v. Waialua
Agr. Co., 349 U.S. 254, 260 (1955). It has also explained that the meaning of "
agriculture" has "two distinct branches" that include not only a "primary
meaning" of "farming in all its branches," but also a secondary and "broader
meaning" to include "any practices, whether or not themselves farming practices,
which are performed either by a farmer or on a farm, incidentally to or in
conjunction with 'such' farming operations." Farmers Reservoir & Irrigation Co.,
337 U.S. 755, 766 (1949).3 To the same effect, the United States Department of
Labor has promulgated regulations that divide agriculture into two categories:
primary agriculture and secondary agriculture. 29 C.F.R. § 780.105(a). Primary
agriculture includes "farming in all its branches" and includes among other
activities the "raising of livestock." 29 C.F.R. § 780.105(b). Secondary
agriculture includes "any practices, whether or not they are themselves farming
practices, which are performed either by a farmer or on a farm as an incident to
or in conjunction with 'such' farming operations." 29 C.F.R. § 780.105(c); see
also Barks v. Silver Bait, LLC, 802 F.3d 856, 861 (6th Cir. 2015) (discussing
regulatory definition of "agriculture" for purposes of the FLSA). Here,
defendant contends that plaintiff engaged in the primary agricultural practice
of raising livestock. The term "livestock" includes "[c]attle (both dairy and
beef cattle), sheep, swine, horses, mules, donkeys, and goats." 29 C.F.R. §
780.120. The "raising" of livestock is defined as "the breeding, fattening,
feeding, and general care of livestock." 29 C.F.R. § 780.121. 3 Although the
Supreme Court has instructed that exemptions to the FLSA under 29 U.S.C. § 213
are to be narrowly construed, it has declined to apply this principle to
definitional terms of the FLSA under 29 U.S.C. § 203. See Sandifer v. U.S. Steel
Corp., 134 S. Ct. 870, 879 n.7 (2014). This case, of course, calls upon me to
interpret the meaning of "agriculture" as it is defined in 29 U.S.C. § 203(f).
Case 3:15-cv-00900-JAM Document 43 Filed 08/09/16 Page 4 of 7 5 From plaintiff's
deposition testimony and his declaration, his animal caretaking responsibilities
included caring for his employer's retired racehorses as well as other animals,
such as a donkey, a mule, llamas, chickens, pigeons, ducks, a pig, and a dog.
See Doc. #32-2 at &para;&para; 5-6, Doc. #33 at 17-18. With the exception of the
dog, all of these animals are considered livestock or poultry.4 Plaintiff fed
and generally cared for these animals. Plaintiff was therefore doubtlessly
employed in "agriculture" when he cared for the animals at Nyala Farm. The
closer issue in this case is whether the rest of plaintiff's work that did not
involve the feeding and general care of livestock also qualifies for the
agriculture exemption. As noted above, the agriculture exemption also includes
secondary agricultural activities, defined to include activities that are
performed by the farmer or on the farm property and that are "incidental to" or
"in conjunction with" farming activities, and the Supreme Court has recognized
that "'the line between practices that are and those that are not performed 'as
an incident to or in conjunction with' such farming operations is not
susceptible of precise definition.'" Holly Farms Corp. v. N.L.R.B., 517 U.S.
392, 408 (1996) (quoting 29 C.F.R. § 780.144). As the regulations otherwise
provide, it is "generally" the case that "a practice performed in connection
with farming operations is within the statutory language [for secondary
agricultural activity] only if it constitutes an established part of agriculture
, is subordinate to the farming operations involved, and does not amount to an
independent business." 29 C.F.R. § 780.144. Courts have recognized examples of
such secondary agricultural activities to include: the transport of workers and
supplies to farm fields, the repair and servicing of equipment necessary to farm
operations, flying a crop-dusting plane, cooking for field workers, and even
some kinds 4 Horses are expressly included in the regulatory definition of
"livestock," see 29 C.F.R. § 780.120, and the regulations further provide that
the breeding, raising, and training of racehorses on a farm falls within the
agriculture exemption, see 29 C.F.R. § 780.122. Case 3:15-cv-00900-JAM Document
43 Filed 08/09/16 Page 5 of 7 6 of clerical work. See Maneja, 349 U.S. at
260-64; Sariol v. Florid Crystals Corp., 490 F.3d 1277, 1279 (11th Cir. 2007). I
conclude that the rest of plaintiff's work was incidental to and in conjunction
with his primary agricultural work of raising livestock. Many of plaintiff's
activities that were not direct animal care (such as feeding, exercising, and
grooming) were only one step away (buying food for the animals, repairing fences
on pastures that housed animals, burying the animals when they died). Other
activities, such as mowing the lawns and repairing the house, were perhaps less
directly related to the animal care, but they were done on and to support the
farm, the sole purpose of which was to provide a place for the animals to live.
Certainly, none of these activities were done to support some independent
business or for purposes having nothing to do with the support of the farm and
its animals. In Adkins v. Mid-American Growers, Inc., 167 F.3d 355 (7th Cir.
1999), the Seventh Circuit considered the applicability of the agricultural
exemption to a corporate commercial nursery and specifically to the activities
of a nursery worker who spent some of his time mowing the lawn and gardening at
the corporate president's home that was located on the same property as the
nursery's greenhouse. The court concluded that this "clearly was nonexempt
activity," because "the primary purpose was to make the president's home
attractive," and it further noted that "a nonagricultural activity that would be
undertaken even if the actor weren't engaged in agriculture is not secondary
agriculture." Id. at 359. I conclude that Adkins is distinguishable. Here,
plaintiff's maintenance work was not performed on the home where his employer
Bedford lived but on the property of a caretaker home. Bedford had required that
plaintiff lived in that home, as a condition of employment and as necessary for
the supervision of and safety of the farm's many animals, to perform his animal
Case 3:15-cv-00900-JAM Document 43 Filed 08/09/16 Page 6 of 7 7 caretaking
activities. The basic care and maintenance of the home was incidental to and in
conjunction with plaintiff's primary agricultural activities. CONCLUSION For the
reasons stated above, defendant's motion for summary judgment (Doc. #26) to
dismiss plaintiff's claim under the Fair Labor Standards Act is GRANTED on the
ground that plaintiff's employment for the relevant time period that he resided
and worked at the farm was subject to the agriculture exemption. I decline in my
discretion to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over plaintiff's remaining
state law claims. See Kroshnyi v. U.S. Pack Courier Services, Inc., 771 F.3d 93,
102 (2d Cir. 2014). The Clerk of Court shall enter judgment for defendant and
dismiss this case. It is so ordered. Dated at New Haven this 9th day of August
2016. /s/ Jeffrey Alker Meyer Jeffrey Alker Meyer United States District Judge
Case 3:15-cv-00900-JAM Document 43 Filed 08/09/16 Page 7 of 7



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 15, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Wheat Prices Slide; Cattle Demand Weak



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 14, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 329 words


Increased competition from foreign producers led to heavy selling in wheat
futures prices yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade. That, in turn, sparked a
decline in grain and soybean futures prices.

Analysts said pressure came early in the session from a report Wednesday by the
Agriculture Department that the Soviet Union had canceled a purchase of 150,000
metric tons of American wheat. A major exporting company was said to be a key
seller in the wheat pit.

The report came a day after another announcement that the Soviet had bought
950,000 tons of wheat from Australia, a competitor of the United States.

In addition, Turkey canceled plans to buy as much as 500,000 bushels of American
wheat, said Walter Spilka, a grain analyst in New York with Smith Barney, Harris
Upham & Company.

Soybeans fell late in the session, and Mr. Spilka noted that the slide coincided
with a late break in the silver market, which frequently influences soybean
prices.



Trading Quiet

Trading was quiet throughout the session, as the market awaited an Agriculture
Department report today disclosing how many acres of corn and soybeans farmers
say they intend to plant.

Cattle prices were lower and live hogs and frozen pork bellies were mostly
higher in light trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Cattle were under pressure because demand has been weak recently, analysts said.

Hog prices were supported by bad weather in the Middle West, which is causing
difficulties for producers who want to ship animals to markets, Robert Saathoff,
vice president for commodity research in New York with Prudential-Bache
Securities, said.



Cotton Lower

Cotton futures prices were lower on the Cotton Exchange in New York. Ernest
Simon, a cotton analyst in New York with Prudential-Bache, said competition from
foreign producers was driving domestic prices lower.

Crude oil was slightly lower and heating oil was mixed on the New York
Mercantile Exchange.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2011

Young farmers program passed in Senate

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 453  words


Ray Vincent, a vegetable farmer in Laurel, started farming in 1978. He said any
program to help young farmers is a good plan in his book; he remembers how hard
it can be, just starting out in the industry. That's why Vincent supports
legislation aimed at creating a young farmers program in the state.

"When I was starting out, my father owned some land, so when I was in high
school, my brother and I started growing watermelons," Vincent said. "We started
with two acres. Now I have 300 acres."

Vincent still grows watermelons, but he also raises sweet corn, peppers and
more. He said he supports Agriculture Secretary Ed Kee's vision for the future
of farming and for the proposed young farmers program, which will allocate $3
million to help farmers under the age of 40 get started. "The development
pressure has come off the land a bit; a few years ago, it was hard to get land
because it was so highly priced," Vincent said. "But now, it appears it is a
good time to be buying land. Anything we can do to help the next generation is
certainly a good thing for the industry as a whole."

The new program would provide aid to farmers purchasing at least 15 acres of
land, providing the land would automatically be entered into the farmland
preservation program. A father of six children, ages 12 to 22, Vincent said he
sees the program as a leg up for budding farmers in an industry that can be
tough. "I started farming mainly because I was able to be outside and work the
ground and help feed the world," Vincent said. "It's honest, noble work. Of my
children, I expect some of them will likely go into farming. I would like to
think they would look into this program in the future."

Sen. George Bunting, D-Bethany Beach, sponsored the legislation to enact the
young farmers program in the Senate. It passed June 16 with a vote of 18-1.

"This bill is the brainchild of Agriculture Secretary Ed Kee and others who
wanted to nurture the industry," Bunting said. "It's a great concept."

Growing up on a small farm, Bunting said he always appreciated the hard work and
determination that goes into being a farmer. "One of the critical things is
getting young people today involved in actual farming," Bunting said. "There are
tons of jobs in agriculture, including research positions, but getting young
farmers to come out on their own and start farming is difficult because it is so
capital intensive." Bunting said the new program provides incentives for young
farmers to enter the industry. He said the Senate supported the initiative, and
now the bill heads to the House, where it is sponsored by Rep. John Atkins,
D-Millsboro. A date for discussion in the House has not been set. Atkins did not
return calls at press time.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 3, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 805 words


FARMING

Yes, end subsidies, and don't stop there

In a June 2 commentary about farm subsidies ("Farming: Equity and evolution"),
the author asserted that "today's agriculture is the very picture of success."
He went on to laud government subsidies to farmers, crediting them with the
meteoric increase in production and the alleged success of modern agriculture.

The problem with this claim is twofold. First, our system of industrialized
agriculture is hardly a success. The increase in production has come at the cost
of a greater reliance on pesticides. As farming becomes more mechanized and
chemically intensive, there are untold consequences for human and ecological
health. Second, subsidies are not the means to success. They have made our
agricultural system dependent on a small number of grain crops, resulting in
ecologically unsound monocultures. While subsidies do provide a safety net for
farmers, they amount to artificial price supports that distort the true cost of
agricultural outputs.

In the debate over the new farm bill, it is important to remember what truly
constitutes success in agriculture. Provisions to encourage sustainable,
small-scale agriculture could go a long way toward creating a healthy
alternative to the high-yield, industrialized food system.

ELLEN SQUIRES, ANDOVER

- - -

How refreshing it is to hear a farmer suggest that farm subsidies be phased out.
Nearly all we've heard from Republicans, Democrats and Tea Party voices is "cut
the other guy's government spending, but mine is needed and sacrosanct." The
conservatives want to keep defense spending, border enforcement, the
ill-conceived Bush tax cuts and such, while the liberals want to raise wealthy
folks' taxes but keep middle-class cuts and their National Public Radio and
Planned Parenthood spending. Both sides' spending agendas are ideologically
driven and have little to do with national security, fiscal responsibility or
prudence.

Perhaps we all need to take a hard look at reducing our very own government
largesse.

JIM WALDO, DULUTH

BUDGET POLITICS

Not sure mediation can do much about this ...

Projected Minnesota state budget deficit: $5 billion. Cost of a Mark Dayton
mediator: At least $500 per person per hour. The governor's dearth of
leadership: priceless.

MICHAEL DMOWSKI, EDINA

- - -

A May 30 letter writer stated, "Conservatives are tired of liberal politicians
trying to spend other people's money."

Well, liberals are tired of conservative politicians being indifferent to human
suffering.

PATRICK MCCauley, Edina

FOREIGN AID

Americans take cues from the wrong places

Americans are passive about the growing wealth divide in the United States
because celebrities like Justin Bieber and Oprah Winfrey make the American Dream
seem as though it is accessible to anyone, according to an article published on
StarTribune.com's opinion section ("The Bieber effect"). This understanding not
only harms Americans living in poverty, but also harms developing countries.

Adopting a mentality that assumes that underdeveloped countries should be able
to pull themselves up by their bootstraps ignores many of the reasons why these
countries are on the ground in the first place. Many of them have been kicked
and beaten down by colonization, foreign policies, large debts and unjust trade
agreements.

The budget is tight for the United States, but that does not mean that it should
cut the minuscule part of the budget that is directed toward development efforts
abroad. This money is not simply charity; it is also justice when it addresses
the root causes of poverty and creates projects that will become sustainable
solutions.

Americans are indeed far too passive about the wealth divide. Underdeveloped
countries will remain beaten down until the United States offers them a firmer
hand to help them up.

ANA HECK, PLYMOUTH

ATHLETES AND DOPING

Also easy to speculate that Armstrong did ...

A few thoughts for the June 2 letter writer who thinks that Lance Armstrong is
unfairly accused of using performance-enhancing drugs:

1)Regarding the fact he is the most-tested cyclist in the history of sport
without a positive result: According to former teammate Tyler Hamilton on "60
Minutes," Armstrong did test positive, but a deal with a cycling authority made
it go away.

2)The use of performance-enhance drugs can be disguised.

3)Regarding the fact the 39-year-old Armstrong came in third in 2009 in the Tour
de France after having been away from the sport for four years, while not
training as much and being tested constantly: Maybe in 2009 he didn't use
performance-enhancing drugs. If he had, maybe he would have won again.

4)At least three of his former teammates have acknowledged using
performance-enhance drugs, and one of them, Floyd Landis, also won the Tour.

5)I am a cyclist, 70 years old, and I don't have a beer gut.

PATRICK DALEY, PLYMOUTH

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 3, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 805 words


FARMING

Yes, end subsidies, and don't stop there

In a June 2 commentary about farm subsidies ("Farming: Equity and evolution"),
the author asserted that "today's agriculture is the very picture of success."
He went on to laud government subsidies to farmers, crediting them with the
meteoric increase in production and the alleged success of modern agriculture.

The problem with this claim is twofold. First, our system of industrialized
agriculture is hardly a success. The increase in production has come at the cost
of a greater reliance on pesticides. As farming becomes more mechanized and
chemically intensive, there are untold consequences for human and ecological
health. Second, subsidies are not the means to success. They have made our
agricultural system dependent on a small number of grain crops, resulting in
ecologically unsound monocultures. While subsidies do provide a safety net for
farmers, they amount to artificial price supports that distort the true cost of
agricultural outputs.

In the debate over the new farm bill, it is important to remember what truly
constitutes success in agriculture. Provisions to encourage sustainable,
small-scale agriculture could go a long way toward creating a healthy
alternative to the high-yield, industrialized food system.

ELLEN SQUIRES, ANDOVER

- - -

How refreshing it is to hear a farmer suggest that farm subsidies be phased out.
Nearly all we've heard from Republicans, Democrats and Tea Party voices is "cut
the other guy's government spending, but mine is needed and sacrosanct." The
conservatives want to keep defense spending, border enforcement, the
ill-conceived Bush tax cuts and such, while the liberals want to raise wealthy
folks' taxes but keep middle-class cuts and their National Public Radio and
Planned Parenthood spending. Both sides' spending agendas are ideologically
driven and have little to do with national security, fiscal responsibility or
prudence.

Perhaps we all need to take a hard look at reducing our very own government
largesse.

JIM WALDO, DULUTH

BUDGET POLITICS

Not sure mediation can do much about this ...

Projected Minnesota state budget deficit: $5 billion. Cost of a Mark Dayton
mediator: At least $500 per person per hour. The governor's dearth of
leadership: priceless.

MICHAEL DMOWSKI, EDINA

- - -

A May 30 letter writer stated, "Conservatives are tired of liberal politicians
trying to spend other people's money."

Well, liberals are tired of conservative politicians being indifferent to human
suffering.

PATRICK MCCauley, Edina

FOREIGN AID

Americans take cues from the wrong places

Americans are passive about the growing wealth divide in the United States
because celebrities like Justin Bieber and Oprah Winfrey make the American Dream
seem as though it is accessible to anyone, according to an article published on
StarTribune.com's opinion section ("The Bieber effect"). This understanding not
only harms Americans living in poverty, but also harms developing countries.

Adopting a mentality that assumes that underdeveloped countries should be able
to pull themselves up by their bootstraps ignores many of the reasons why these
countries are on the ground in the first place. Many of them have been kicked
and beaten down by colonization, foreign policies, large debts and unjust trade
agreements.

The budget is tight for the United States, but that does not mean that it should
cut the minuscule part of the budget that is directed toward development efforts
abroad. This money is not simply charity; it is also justice when it addresses
the root causes of poverty and creates projects that will become sustainable
solutions.

Americans are indeed far too passive about the wealth divide. Underdeveloped
countries will remain beaten down until the United States offers them a firmer
hand to help them up.

ANA HECK, PLYMOUTH

ATHLETES AND DOPING

Also easy to speculate that Armstrong did ...

A few thoughts for the June 2 letter writer who thinks that Lance Armstrong is
unfairly accused of using performance-enhancing drugs:

1)Regarding the fact he is the most-tested cyclist in the history of sport
without a positive result: According to former teammate Tyler Hamilton on "60
Minutes," Armstrong did test positive, but a deal with a cycling authority made
it go away.

2)The use of performance-enhance drugs can be disguised.

3)Regarding the fact the 39-year-old Armstrong came in third in 2009 in the Tour
de France after having been away from the sport for four years, while not
training as much and being tested constantly: Maybe in 2009 he didn't use
performance-enhancing drugs. If he had, maybe he would have won again.

4)At least three of his former teammates have acknowledged using
performance-enhance drugs, and one of them, Floyd Landis, also won the Tour.

5)I am a cyclist, 70 years old, and I don't have a beer gut.

PATRICK DALEY, PLYMOUTH

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 27, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Futures Prices Decline For Grain and Soybeans

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 9, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 340 words


Grain and soybean futures prices closed mostly lower yesterday on the Chicago
Board of Trade.  Traders cited weather forecasts showing major grain and soybean
growing areas would get some needed rain in the next few days.  Prices were
supported somewhat by export news, sources said. Mexico is expected to complete
a purchase order next week of 915,000 tons of corn and 753,000 tons of corn or
sorghum, the United States Agriculture Department said.

Forecasts said storms would bring moisture to winter wheat crops and on
unplanted corn and soybean fields. Weather beneficial to crop yields and
supplies is considered negative for prices.

At the close, wheat was 4 1/2 cents to 6 cents lower, the contract for delivery
in March was $4.51 1/4 a bushel; corn was 1 1/4 cents to 2 1/2 cents lower,
March $3.57 1/4 a bushel; oats were 1 1/4 cents to 1 1/2 cents higher, March
$2.26 3/4 a bushel; soybeans were 8 1/2 cents to 10 3/4 cents lower, March $7.37
1/2 a bushel.

Hog Prices Down

Hogs and pork belly prices were mostly lower amid weaker cash prices. Prices for
pork bellies continued to slide with substantially lower prices posted in nearby
contract months and slightly higher in back months as supplies of frozen bellies
in warehouses continued to be heavy.

Live cattle prices closed unchanged to slightly lower after steady cash beef
prices were reported at noon, analysts said. ''The fundamentals are almost
unchanged,'' said Curtis Mahon, analyst with Thomson McKinnon Securities. ''Some
packers were a little bit short bought so they have to pay pretty good prices.''

On the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, live cattle were unchanged to .20 cent
lower, April 65.60 cents a pound; feeders were .28 cent to 1.03 cents lower,
March 70.97 cents a pound; hogs were .78 cent lower to .43 cent higher, April
44.85 cents a pound; pork bellies were 1.62 cents lower to .45 cent higher,
March 52.35 cents a pound.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday

Fresh selling seen in Soyabean open interest up 6.56%

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: India


India, July 21 -- Soyabean settled down by -2. 9% at 3384 on oversupply woes in
export and international market and on subdued demand. Domestically soybean
prices will be down on oversupply woes following robust sowing of the main
kharif crop. Soybean sowing stood at 9.56 million hectare versus 1.95 million
hectare a year ago as Madhya Pradesh the largest producing state got timely
rains. Prices of the bean will also be under pressure on expectation of higher
supply from United States after the United States department of agriculture
(USDA) rose 2015-16 United States soybean production forecast in its World
Agriculture Supply and Demand Estimates report. The USDA hiked US the world's
biggest bean grower 2015-16 production estimates to 105.7 million tons compared
to 104.8 in the previous month estimates and 108 million tons a year ago. Nearly
54% kharif sowing of the normal area has been completed until Jul 17 thanks to
timely and excess rains during June. Total kharif normal area is estimated
105.28 million hectare agriculture ministry data showed. Oilseeds sowing rose to
12.71 million hectare from only 3.8 million hectare a year ago on the back of
steep rise in soybean and groundnut acreage.

India soymeal exports in the month of June dropped 20.43% from a year earlier on
higher prices of the soybean in the local market data released from Solvent
Extractors Association of India (SEA) showed. At the Indore spot market in top
producer MP soybean dropped -81 rupee to 3421 rupee per 100 kgs. Technically
market is under fresh selling as market has witnessed gain in open interest by
6.56% to settled at 57330 now Soyabean is getting support at 3353 and below same
could see a test of 3322 level and resistance is now likely to be seen at 3436 a
move above could see prices testing 3488.

Trading Ideas:

--Soyabean trading range for the day is 3322-3488.

--Soyabean prices dropped on oversupply woes in export and international market
and on subdued demand.

--Soybean sowing stood at 9.56 million hectare versus 1.95 million hectare a
year ago as Madhya Pradesh the largest producing state got timely rains.

--The USDA hiked US 2015-16 production estimates to 105.7 million tons compared
to 104.8 in the previous month estimates.

--At the Indore spot market in top producer MP soybean dropped -81 rupee to 3421
rupee per 100 kgs.

Courtesy: Kedia Commodities

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Commodity Online. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 19, 2017 Sunday

Providence farmer and his wife are young advocates for agriculture

BYLINE: Gene Zaleski, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 924 words


Feb. 19--Providence farmer Dean Hutto and his wife Sara are farming advocates.

The two see the importance of the young farmer for the future of the United
States and its food supply.

"There are going to be less than 2 million farmers in the U.S. in the next seven
years and the last time that happened was during the Great Depression," Dean
Hutto said. "There are so few of us anymore, but we still need to feed a growing
population."

The couple's love and support of farming were recognized during the annual
National Outstanding Young Farmers Awards Congress held in Greenville Feb.
9-12.The top four national winners were announced Feb. 11.

Hutto joined finalists from states including Arkansas, Mississippi, Georgia,
Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, New Jersey, North Carolina and North Dakota.

Though not being named in the top four, Hutto said the ceremony was a joy to
attend.

"As much as anything, it was nice to spend a weekend with like-minded people
from all over the country," Hutto said. "It is nice to talk to people who do the
same thing but who do it a little differently than us."

Hutto, 28, a Holly Hill Academy and 2011 Newberry College graduate, is a
fifth-generation farmer who returned to the farm to carry on a family tradition
with his father, Barry, and his brother, Richard.

He farms about 1,300 acres of corn, 1,400 acres of soybeans, 350 acres of
peanuts, 500 acres of cotton and 450 acres of wheat.

He entered into farming full time with his family in 2011.

A graduate of Clemson University, Sara is studying nursing at Orangeburg-Calhoun
Technical College.

Hutto was nominated for the award by Orangeburg County Clemson Extension agent
Jonathan Croft.

"He is a very good young farmer that is well respected and very active in his
local community," Croft said. "Also Dean is very active as the Orangeburg County
Farm Bureau Young Farmer and Rancher Committee chair, as well as serving on the
state committee. He has also been a very active advocate for agriculture over
the last couple years on the state level."

The NOYF, which is a part of the Outstanding Farmers of America Program, is the
culmination of the independent judging process.

Nominees from across the United States are eligible and may be submitted by
anyone. Multiple nominations from a state are permitted, but following the
judging process to determine the semi-finalists, no more than two from any state
will be chosen.

To qualify, nominees must be between the ages of 21 and 40, not becoming 41
prior to Jan. 1 before the National OYF Awards Congress. Nominees must be actual
farm operators, deriving a minimum of two-thirds of their income from farming.

National winners were determined based on personal contributions in the
following categories:

* Progress in agricultural career.

* Extent of soil and water conservation practices.

* Contributes to the well-being of the community, state, and nation.

Hutto spent 2016 on the front lines of agricultural advocacy.

He testified before the S.C. House Ways and Means Committee about the 2015 flood
and the aftermath that affected farmers locally and around the state.

The Providence farmer lost all of his cotton and about 80 percent of his peanuts
after the October 2015 flood.

About 20 percent of his soybean crop stayed in the field because of the water.

He also invited legislators and news media to tour his farm, giving them a
visual understanding of the actual damage to farmers' crops following the flood.
Hutto is currently serving as the SCFB Young Farmers and Ranchers chair.

For his contributions, Hutto was named a South Carolina Farm Bureau Federation
2016 Government Relations All-Star.

The SCFB Government Relations All-Star awards are given annually as a means of
recognizing member volunteers who go above and beyond to advance SCFB's priority
issues in the General Assembly.

Hutto, as Young Farmers and Ranchers State Committee chair, also accepted a
special achievement award on behalf of Orangeburg County from SCFB Young Farmers
and Ranchers Director Jessica Cabrera.

Orangeburg County Farm Bureau was recognized for having one of the top Farm
Bureau Young Farmers and Ranchers programs in the state during 2016.

Hutto said he is all about educating the population on the origins of food and
about the care for Mother Nature farmers have in the light of increasing
regulations.

"There are a lot of misrepresentations of the things we do," he said. "It is a
good thing to explain our side of the story and not let the sensationalist
movements handicap what we do."

Hutto said the future of farming depends on attracting young people into the
field.

"Commodity prices need to be better," he said. "It is near impossible to get
started from scratch in today's economy."

Hutto said programs such as Future Farmers of America and the South Carolina
Farm Bureau's Young Farmers and Ranchers program are good ways to get young
people interested in agriculture, but he says the effort needs to start earlier
than that.

It needs to start in the classroom though such programs as Ag in the Classroom.

Hutto also praised his wife Sara for her support.

"She came from a farm background, so she helps and understands there are long
hours during harvest season," he said. "We both enjoy getting to meet a lot of
people around the state and around the country."

Contact the writer: gzaleski@timesanddemocrat.com or 803-533-5551. Check out
Zaleski on Twitter at @ZaleskiTD

___ (c)2017 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170219-GG-Providence-farmer-and-his-wife-are-young-advocates-for-
agriculture-0219-20170219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2017 The Times and Democrat


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 6, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Humane society engages religious community

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 240 words


The Humane Society of the United States recently launched its new Animals and
Religion program, an interfaith program to engage religious people and
institutions on an array of critical animal protection issues.

One of the major initiatives of the program is "Food, Farming and Faith," which
recognizes the central role of food in religious traditions and promotes
faithful stewardship of animals in agriculture. With the initiative, the society
hopes to explore the sacred dimensions of food in various religious traditions
and highlight food's vital place in community and faith.

"Food, Farming and Faith" also brings into focus the link between industrial
animal agriculture and central issues of faith communities such as global hunger
and the growing concern of climate change.

"Relying on bedrock religious principles of compassion and care for all
creation, we hope to persuade religious institutions and individuals to make
more humane and sustainable food choices," said Wayne Pacelle, president and
chief executive of The Humane Society of the United States.

"I encourage all people of faith to learn about the treatment of animals raised
for food, to square their own consumption habits with religious principles, and
to advocate for improved farm animal welfare policies at the local, state and
national levels," he said.

For more information about the Animals and Religion Program, go online to
www.humanesociety.org/religion.


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           December 29, 2012 Saturday

High Food Prices To Remain The Norm

BYLINE: Ruth Lognonne

SECTION: A; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 1150 words


FOOD prices are to remain high for the foreseeable future with little respite
for consumers worldwide. However, the complexity of the UK's farming structure
reflects the modern world, reports BRUCE JOBSON

FARMING and food production operates within a global economy and our domestic
food policy operates within an EU framework. High food prices are set to remain
the norm and the position is fast consolidating.

The days of a UK or EU "cheap food policy" now seem a relic of the past as
global food prices reached record highs in July 2012.

The World Bank, in its recent quarterly Food Price Watch report, warned the most
expensive food on a global-basis, would increase hunger and malnutrition in the
poorest countries.

The World Bank maintains policies such as the imposition of export restrictions,
implemented as prices increase, has in part, helped stabilise global food
prices.

However, all things are relative as grain prices remain high; 12% higher than a
year ago, while wheat and maize prices have increased by 24% and 17%
respectively.

The increase in global prices is due to severe drought conditions in the US,
Australia as well as the three Black Sea exporting countries of Kazakhstan,
Russia and Ukraine. The long-term effects of the US drought   the worst in over
50 years   now seems set to run into 2013 and 2014.

There appears little respite as US winter wheat crops have continued to suffer
from the drought, and farmers could abandon up to one third of the new crop
owing to weather conditions.

Decisions on US crop abandonment will have to wait until the spring as the
drought, coupled with record temperatures and high winds on the plains; has left
new crops in the worst recorded conditions in over half a century.

In the past 60 years, wheat crop abandonment has only exceeded 25% on two
occasions, according to United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) records.
In 1988-89 and 2001-2002, wheat crop abandonment reached 25 and 29%,
respectively.

Current crop conditions are recorded by USDA as being worse at this point in the
season, with 26% of the new wheat crop already being rated as poor ... very poor
by late November.

To date, the first 11 months of 2012 mark the warmest of any year on record for
the contiguous United States and now seem likely to surpass the current record
as the warmest year on record.

Important wheat-growing regions such as the High Plains states have 65% recorded
drought levels and Nebraska is now rated with 100% severe or worse conditions.

The past 12 months have been turbulent for the UK farming industry. Agriculture
has been filled with uncertainty on numerous fronts owing to various market
circumstances and inclement weather. The industry has literally reeled from
pillar-to-post.

Farming and food production has suffered from a severe bout of Old Testament
conditions.

The usual suspects emerged in the shape of drought, flood and disease. Dry
weather conditions for the first part of the year resulted in water shortages
and the implementation of hose-pipe bans. This was swiftly followed by what
seemed 140 days and nights of continuous rain.

UK arable crops have been recorded as being down by 25-40% placing further
pressure on margins.

The inevitable feed price increases have resulted and farmers are paying more
for protein and soya.

Stable diet foods such as potatoes have suffered as a result of early dry
conditions followed by record rainfall, turning crops, in some cases, into pulp.

Yields are reported to be down by as much as 40% and even in December, some
potato crops in the region remain in the ground. UK milk production hit record
low levels in November according to the Rural Payment Agency. Only 972m litres
were delivered to dairies, down 63m litres for the same corresponding month last
year.

Furthermore, November deliveries were 21m litres less than October levels. In
total, UK milk production level has fallen to 8.78bn litres, a reduction of
almost 240m litres below 2011 levels.

Milk production levels for the current quota year have been revised downward by
almost 5% to 12.9bn litres; the lowest recorded level for 15 years.

The inclement weather conditions have combined to reduce milk production levels
as a result of the wet field and grass conditions as well as a lack of sunshine
to promote grass quality and growth.

The cost of producing milk has continued to increase as a result of higher feed
costs according to Keenan nutritionist Seth Wareing.

"The spike in feed prices is likely to cost dairy farmers an extra 2p per litre
to produce over the winter months," he said. "Average yield per cow has also
reduced, in some cases by as much as 4 or 5 litres and milk produced from forage
has dropped to the four to five litres level.

"On one hand, feed prices have increased and on the other hand, production level
has decreased.

Cows have not peaked as high on daily milk production levels owing to poor
quality grass conditions in the summer months. And yields are therefore unlikely
to increase on a per cow per day basis owing to the reduction in silage
quality."

Mr Wareing works across a broad section of beef and dairy farmers, offering
independent support and advice alongside a farmer's preferred feed supplier and
company consultants.

He recommends farmers do not cut back on concentrate feeding, despite an
increase of £25 per tonne to the £250 per tonne region. Instead, he suggests
farmers incorporate bio-fuel co-products into the ration in order to reduce
overall costs.

UK dairy farmers are caught in a Catch-22 situation as the increases in feed
costs will place further pressure on margins. The real test will lie in the
coming months and whether dairy farmers will receive a "fair" price to cover the
increased costs of production.

Given the average cost of production is running at 29.5p per litre, a further 2p
increase in production costs will place pressure on dairy companies and
supermarkets to provide beneficial price support for UK milk producers.

Livestock farmers face further uncertainty as a result of Schmallenberg disease
(SBV) affecting cattle and sheep; and a resulting loss of progeny.

Almost 300 new cases of SBV have been recorded in the UK during the past month
taking the total number to 715.

The number of SBV cases in UK cattle continues to increase at an alarming rate;
up from 196 recorded cases in the previous month to new figures of 453. Cases in
sheep stand at 262.

The first early lambs are now being born and already SBV concerns are mounting
as the virus appears to have spread from Europe into greater numbers of UK
cattle and sheep.

An uncertain time lies ahead across agricultural sections, as well as human
populations, as a result of drought, famine, flood and disease.

The more things change; the more things remain the same.

An uncertain time lies ahead across agricultural sections, as well as human
populations due to drought, famine, flood and disease

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 18, 1980 Friday

U.S. farmers   plan to plant   3% more corn

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 247 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON (DJ) - U.S. farmers intend to plant 82 million acres of corn
 this spring, 3 per cent more than they planted last year, the U.S.

Agriculture Department reports.

In its survey of about 40,000 growers, the department also found that
 soybean growers expect to plant 71.3 million acres, down less than 1 per
 cent from 1979.

If farmers carry out their intentions - and if weather conditions are
 favorable - corn planting could produce another bumper crop.
  The increase in planned plantings this spring is about in line with
 grain analysts' expectations and is down slightly from the 4 per cent
 increase farmers had told the department they were planning before the
 Carter Administration last January halted most Soviet-bound corn, wheat
 and soybean shipments.

By April 1, the department said, corn planting had begun in the south,
 but its progress was hampered considerably by wet soil conditions.

The prospective soybean acreage was slightly higher than the 70.7
 million acres farmers had planned to plant before the embargo.

The department said cotton farmers plan to plant 14.8 million acres,
 up 6 per cent from 1979 acreage.

Total feed grain acreage, which includes plantings for corn, sorghum,
 oats and barley, is expected to total 120 million acres, up 2 per cent
 from last year. Durum wheat plantings are expected to reach 5.56 million
 acres, up 37 per cent from last year, while other spring wheat plantings
 are expected to total 17.1 million acres, 10 per cent above last
 year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     March 30, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

RULES HURTING FARMERS: KLEIN

BYLINE: SUSAN BRAUNGART

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 522 words


Alberta Premier Ralph Klein brought his philosophy that less government is
better to the agriculture industry Monday, telling a group of Alberta Wheat Pool
delegates that agriculture is overregulated.

Klein said his government is looking closely at such issues as changing the way
the federal grain transportation subsidy is paid so farmers and not the railways
receive the $ 724-million Crow benefit, allowing barley farmers to bypass the
Canadian Wheat Board to market their own grain to the United States, and
"rationalizing" the number of agricultural marketing boards in the province.

Alberta can only lobby the federal government for the continental barley market
proposal and changes to the method of payment - both of which are vigorously
opposed by the Calgary-based pool - but Agriculture Minister Ernie Isley said
the province has more control over the fate of the marketing boards because they
are under provincial jurisdiction.

Klein and Isley refused to specify which marketing boards are considered for
possible elimination.

Alberta has a myriad of agricultural marketing boards including those that
regulate pork, eggs, poultry and dairy products. They control the production and
prices farmers receive for their products.

Too many rules and regulations hinder Alberta farmers' ability to compete in
global markets, Klein said.

Isley has long argued that the proposal to shift the bulk of the federal grain
transportation subsidy from the railways to farmers' pockets would lead to more
efficient transportation because it would allow producers to vote with their
dollars on how they want to get their grain to market. And it would encourage
agricultural diversification and value-added food processing because it would
eliminate rail subsidies that benefit exporters at the expense of domestic grain
users.

The pool opposes paying the subsidy to producers because it fears that if all
grain farmers - including livestock producers - get the subsidy rather than just
those who grow grain for export as is currently the case, the aid will be
watered down.

Isley has also long backed a proposal to open the Canada-U.S. border to
individual sales of Canadian barley, breaking the Canadian Wheat Board's
monopoly.

The pool also opposes that proposal because it says it would endanger the future
of the Canadian Wheat Board. Alberta produces 50 per cent of Canada's barley.

Klein admitted "to some degree" farmers have brought the abundance of rules and
regulations on themselves. "There has been pressures by farmers to introduce
legislation for marketing boards and so on."

Klein, speaking at the farmer-owned grain co-operative's spring meeting in
Calgary, admitted he has a lot to learn about agriculture after winning the
leadership campaign last October, and directed most of the questions from pool
delegates to Isley.

"I'm just getting my feet wet relative to the details of our agriculture
policy," Klein said.

"I didn't realize that in the agriculture community there were so many
regulations, so many rules, so many policies and marketing boards and agencies,"
he said.



LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   October 12, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Organic Movement Farming Legitimacy; Md., USDA Will Expand Standards

Christian Davenport , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: MONTGOMERY EXTRA; Pg. M13

LENGTH: 701 words


Eric Rice tends to his cattle as fastidiously as he tends to his rhubarb and
asparagus.

But when he takes his fruits and vegetables to market, they come with a Maryland
label declaring them "organic."

The beef, however, comes with personal explanation, delivered by Rice.

"The cattle get no hormones to make them grow," the Frederick County farmer
tells his customers. The pasture his cows graze on and the legumes he feeds them
are free of chemicals. And he says he treats his herd humanely by giving the
cattle plenty of room to roam.

In short, they would be organic cows--if there were such a thing.

By January, though, there will be--at least in Maryland. The state will become
one of handful to have a standard for organic livestock.

The federal government, meanwhile, is also working on a national standard for
organic farming that would cover everything--from chickpeas to chickens, from
seeds to seaweed.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has been working on the regulations for 10
years. And although the USDA says it will announce the new rules before the end
of this year, it could take more than a year to implement.

That means that, for now, farmers such as Rice, who adhere to strict natural
guidelines when growing food, must turn to other states, or the numerous private
companies and industry groups, that certify organic farmers. That means the
standards vary widely.

In other words, two pieces of produce labeled "organic" sitting side by side in
a grocery store "could have been produced in very different ways," said Andrew
Solomon, a spokesman for the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The need for national standards has grown as the organic farming industry has
developed into one of the fastest-growing sectors of U.S. agriculture.

In Maryland, there are 74 certified organic crop farms, up from 35 in 1997, as
the number of conventional farmers has dropped dramatically. Last year, there
were 12,400 farms statewide, down from 15,200 in 1990, according to the Maryland
Department of Agriculture.

"Rather than being seen as the long-haired weirdos with the funny-looking
produce, we're being accepted more," said Dave Shaw, who has an organic farm in
Columbia.

Although the technical definitions may vary, the general idea behind organic
farming is to disturb the environment as little as possible. Organic farmers
won't use genetic engineering, chemical pesticides or biological enhancements.
Even pastures aren't touched by contaminants.

Instead, organic farmers rely on centuries-old farming techniques and sometimes
have to be creative. Rice uses an environmentally friendly pesticide made of
clay, for example. Shaw relies on the food chain. He studies the bugs infesting
his crops and then sets loose other insects that will act as their predators.
This season he bought lady bugs to handle the aphids that were ruining his
vegetable crop.

"We've got to stop wounding the environment," he said.

The practice is labor-intensive--crops are picked by hand--and often more
expensive than food grown commercially. A pound of beans grown on Shaw's farm,
for example, can cost $ 4 a pound, while the same amount grown by a conventional
farmer may cost $ 1 or less at the grocery store.

And unlike many regulated industries, organic farmers are meticulous about
ensuring they abide by very strict rules. When the USDA unveiled a draft of its
national guidelines three years ago, about 275,000 farmers protested that they
were too weak. The guidelines said organic farmers could use sewage sludge as
fertilizer, for example, something an organic farmer would never do.

And part of the credo is to create a link between people and the food they eat.
Under Maryland rules, a consumer should be able to track a product marked
organic "to the field it was grown in and the day it was picked," said Valerie
Frances, the manager of Maryland's organic certification program.

"It really becomes a way of life," she said.

Rice, one of the state's first certified organic farmers, said there are other
issues: "I don't want to handle pesticides. I don't want to touch that toxic
stuff. I also happen to believe in local produce and local food."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Minnesota Farm Link -- A new resource connecting generations in farming

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 240  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDAJ announces the creation of
Minnesota Farm Link, a web-based tool designed to link farmers and farmland.
Minnesota Farm Link includes all types of farming, from small fruit and
vegetable farms, to large grain and livestock operations. Whether it's helping
someone find a farm, matching an experienced or retiring farmer with a beginning
farmer, or exploring mentoring opportunities, the goal is to connect people.

The MDA's website also features a directory of Beginning and Transitioning
Farmer Information: www.mda.state.mn.us/beginningfarming. The directory is a
clearinghouse of programs and services for all types of farmers, which includes
farmers seeking land, financial assistance and loans, farmer education, legal
services, multi-cultural programs, networking, mentoring and transitioning, and
succession planning. Minnesota Farm Link and the Beginning and Transitioning
Farmer Information are a valuable tool for both retiring and beginning farmers.
"We think it's important to connect beginning farmers who are looking for
farmland and/or mentorship opportunities with retiring farmers who want to see
their farm continue," said Commissioner Dave Frederickson.

If you have questions about Minnesota Farm Link, please contact Jim Ostlie at
320-842-6910 or jim.ostlie@state.mn.us To learn about other beginning farmer
resources, contact Becky Balk at 651-201-6369 or becky.balk@state.mn.us

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Hendricks Pioneer


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 28, 2014

Historic Lewes Farmers Market awards eight scholarships to local farmers

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 287  words


The Historic Lewes Farmers Market announces that it has awarded eight
scholarships to Delmarva farmers. This year, HLFM received more applications
than ever before from farmers dedicated to sustainable farming methods hoping
for these important scholarships. Each scholarship provides $500 to enable these
farmers to attend conferences devoted to sustainable agriculture.

The HLFM provides these scholarships, as it has for the past seven years, to
further its mission of promoting and strengthening sustainable farming through
education and public outreach. Recognizing the importance of sustainable
agriculture to the community, individual donors have again generously stepped
forward to contribute to the HLFM scholarship fund.

Seven recipients will attend the PASA Pennsylvania Farming for the Future
Conference Feb. 5-8 in State College, Pa. Beginning in 2011, and thanks in small
part to the HLFM, PASA began a discussion group for Delmarva and now includes a
Delmarva Region.

Another scholarship recipient will attend the Mid-Atlantic Fruit and Vegetable
Convention in Hershey, Pa., Jan. 28-30. The National Peach Council, of special
relevance to scholarship recipient Bennett Orchards, will meet at the convention
for its annual meeting as well.

The 2014 recipients of the HLFM scholarships are The Bennett family, Bennett
Orchards; Helen Waite, Black Hog Farmstead; Lisa Garfield, Calliope Farm;
Elizabeth Thornton, Chesapeake Organic; Lauren Schaefer, The Delaware Center for
Horticulture's 12th & Bran-dywine Urban Farm; Christie McDowell, The Good Farm;
Larry Armstrong, Heritage Oak Farm, and Cynthia Turner, Wisteria Lane Farm. More
information is available at www.historiclewesfarmersmarket.org and on Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            November 30, 2009 Monday

Land use in organic farms 'too high'

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 415 words


Organic farmers will need to shrink their land use if they are to conquer the
mass market, says a Swiss expert.

The director of Europe's largest centre for organic farming research, Dr Urs
Niggli, said that life-cycle assessments had shown organic agriculture had the
edge over conventional farming when it came to making the same amount of food
for less energy, water and greenhouse gases.

The drawback was that organic farming used more land - something researchers at
the Research Institute of Organic Agriculture in Switzerland where he works were
looking at.

Dr Niggli said the challenge was to figure out how to get more organic food from
each hectare of land without losing the environmental advantages.

"The question of how to intensify agricultural systems without losing their
environmental and ecological advantages is a crucial one."

Dr Niggli, who was in New Zealand to speak to farmers at the Organics Aotearoa
New Zealand at the University of Waikato last month, said organic methods could
benefit New Zealand because a large proportion of the country's greenhouse gas
emissions came from farming.

About half New Zealand's total emissions under international limits are from
agriculture.

Dr Niggli said studies dating back to the 1970s suggested there was potential to
cut emissions using reduced tilling and other organic farming methods.

Trials in the United States, Switzerland and Germany had compared organic
methods with state-of-the-art conventional farming methods and found that, over
two or three decades, organic farming could store up to 590kg more carbon in the
soil a year for every hectare of land, he said.

The organic tests tried techniques such as using composted manure as fertiliser,
and rotating crops with a large proportion of legumes to trap nitrogen - a major
source of greenhouse gases in New Zealand.

"By recycling manure, you permanently bring organic matter into the soil again,"
said Dr Niggli.

The 130-strong Swiss research centre is working on cures for other common
ailments facing farmers.

Dr Niggli said scientists and vets were also looking for ways to treat mastitis
- one of the major reasons for lower productivity in organic dairy farms, which
are not supposed to treat animals with antibiotics.

A study of 120 farmers found half could cut chemical treatment of cows to almost
nothing without losing productivity or milk quality, by keeping cows healthy
with better feed, better housing, better milking techniques and more thorough
veterinary advice.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 15, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Companies Largely Back Trade Decisions;
Agricultural Trade

BYLINE:  By DAVID BARBOZA

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 227 words


American agriculture officials said they were pleased with the outcome of W.T.O.
meetings because it meant members of the group were prepared to move toward
reductions of tariffs and other barriers to agricultural trade.

The United States, the largest exporter of agricultural goods, has long been
frustrated by high tariffs and other trade barriers in Europe, the Pacific Rim
and elsewhere.

While American farmers are highly subsidized for production at home, they get
less export assistance than farmers in many other countries and the United
States does not impose high duties on agricultural imports.

"This will give American farmers greater access to world markets," said Tim
Hume, head of the National Corn Growers Association. "It's important because
agriculture products face an average of 60 percent tariffs abroad."

The talks in Qatar do not signal a clear victory for United States agriculture
because they are only the beginning of a process. They do, however, indicate
that member countries would like to move toward a more liberal and open
marketplace for food. Some companies are likely to be particularly big
beneficiaries of trade liberalization in agriculture: Cargill and Archer Daniels
Midland, the grain exporters, and Tyson Foods and Smithfield Foods, meat
producers and processors. And farmers could see some higher prices.   DAVID
BARBOZA

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 15, 1998, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

OIL FROM HYBRID SUNFLOWERS OFFERS TASTE, HEALTH BENEFITS

BYLINE: Christopher Thorne; The Associated Press

SECTION: ILLINOIS POST, Pg. 7

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: PEORIA, ILL.


Sunflower growers are seeing gold in a new kind of sunflower oil that federal
scientists say means healthier, better-tasting and fresher fried food.

Tests on NuSun sunflower oil by the U.S. Department of Agriculture laboratories
here have encouraged sunflower growers who've long been dependent on selling
their oil in volatile markets overseas, industry watchers said Friday.

But whether consumers will see NuSun foods on their supermarket shelves anytime
soon isn't clear.

Sales of sunflower oil never met expectations after its introduction in the
1970s. However, NuSun's development and news about trans-fatty acids could mean
a great demand for NuSun in the United States, said Larry Kleingartner,
executive director of the National Sunflower Association, based in Bismarck,
N.D.

NuSun is oil crushed from a new hybrid sunflower developed by federal scientists
in Fargo, N.D. Tests in the USDA's Peoria lab found that NuSun, already low in
saturated fat, has moderate levels of linoleic acid - to bring about the desired
flavor of fried food - but much more oleic acid than commercial sunflower oil.

Oleic acid has two advantages, said Ben Hardin, spokesman for the USDA Peoria
lab: a diet with high levels of oleic acid lowers cholesterol and the risk of
coronary heart disease, and oleic acid keeps the oil from breaking down in
commercial fryers.

Kleingartner said he expects the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to make an
announcement soon requiring labeling of food with trans-fatty acids.

"If that does come to pass, then there's really not a food manufacturer in this
country that's going to want their label saying that," he said.

Dallas-based Frito-Lay Inc. already has overseen planting of 100,000 acres of
NuSun hybrid sunflowers, Hardin said.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            March 24, 2005, Thursday

Course to develop leaders

BYLINE: CRONSHAW Tim

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 15; FARMING; C

LENGTH: 454 words


Agriculture's future farming leaders will return from overseas knowing more
about New Zealand's marketplaces in a new three- university course.

Up to 20 people will be accepted for the course programme run by Otago, Massey
and Lincoln universities and sponsored by the Agricultural Marketing and
Research Development Trust (AGMARDT).

The four-module course held over two years is designed to prepare new leaders
with first-hand experience of global markets.

Depending on a sponsorship campaign, it is expected to cost about $ 35,000,
including air travel, accommodation and tuition.

The second and third stage of the course will see students on two- week trips in
either Europe, the United States, Japan or China.

The Food and Agribusiness Market Experience (FAME) joint venture was launched in
Christchurch by Agriculture Minister Jim Sutton.

Sutton said this initiative would hopefully help provide new leaders for the
primary sector.

New Zealand still relied on agriculture exports and had to supply world-class
products if it wanted a top standard of living, he said.

"The programme I understand will take people into the export markets to
experience world class production and delivery of systems. Hopefully they will
get a good grasp of how it works out there."

AGMARDT will put in seed money of $ 750,000 over two years for the course and
has started looking for sponsorship.

Trust chairman Sam Robinson said people attending the "hands- on" course would
be from the agribusiness and food industry and would include existing and
emerging executives, farm leaders and individual farmers.

He said New Zealand agriculture had made good progress in export markets based
on superb food production, but was up against fierce competition for customers.

Overseas consumers were demanding safe food and had multiple options before them
when they were shopping, he said.

New Zealand had to understand more about these markets to retain and build its
market share, he said.

"People are going to get a better understanding of the marketplace and value
chains."

AGMARDT invests $ 2.5 million a year into people and ideas that will improve New
Zealand's food and agribusiness in world markets.

Course organisers have already received support from overseas companies and
organisations offering to host activities.

The priority is for the course to be a New Zealand development programme, but it
may be widened to overseas students.

Participants will attend a four- day module on New Zealand's food and fibre
business before working on team projects during the overseas section of the
modules and returning to make presentations.

The target date for achieving a full roll is June.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

Berkeley urban farming nonprofit poised to grow

BYLINE: By Damin Esper Correspondent

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Western Contra Costa; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley;
Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 645 words


BERKELEY -- Urban Adamah, a nonprofit educational organization promoting urban
farming, has purchased 2.2 acres of land in Berkeley from the United States
Postal Service. The land, on Sixth Street at Harrison, will give the group a
permanent home.

The organization, founded in January 2011, currently farms on one acre of leased
land at San Pablo Avenue and Parker Street.

"Because we're going to have more space on the land, we hope we can grow a wider
variety of vegetables," program associate Zach Friedman said.

The lease for the current farmland runs through the end of the year, so Urban
Adamah probably won't begin farming the new land until then. The new land is
vacant, although Friedman said it was once set aside for housing during World
War II and some foundations are still present.

The land was used to store rail cars as well.

According to Friedman, the post office purchased the land from UC Berkeley in
the 1990s.

The north side boundary is Codornices Creek.

Urban Adamah is beginning its fourth year of operations. Adamah means earth in
Hebrew. Urban Adamah integrates Jewish traditions with sustainable agriculture,
mindfulness and social action. The group's website says its work is inspired by
the core values of ahava (love), hesed (compassion) and tzedek (justice). The
original idea for a farm-based residential leadership program was created in
Falls Village, Conn.

Three-month fellowships are open to young adults ages 21 to 31. The fellows live
in a house together and work the farm. They also receive training in
anti-oppression and social justice. The program typically hosts 12 to 14 fellows
at a time, although with the larger property, that could increase.

The farm also hosts agricultural classes that are open to the community. School
groups visit the farm, and summer camps are open to children entering preschool
up through fifth grade.

During the school year, the farm even hosts Hebrew school.

"We partner with local temples and synagogues," Friedman said. "They send their
Hebrew school students to our farm once a week in the fall and summer. We run
Hebrew school for the kids focused on the natural world."

Urban Adamah also hosts various religious services, including Shabbat services
and a Hanukkah celebration, as well as Havdalah dance parties.

Vegetables grown on the farm are distributed for free at a weekly farm stand on
the property at 11 a.m. each Wednesday. Produce includes kale, collards,
mustards, arugula, chard, tomatoes, cucumbers, squashes, corn, radishes and
turnips. With more land, that could grow to include broccoli and cabbage,
according to Friedman.

Urban Adamah also has fruit trees on its land, as well as a flock of chickens,
some bees and three goats.

Urban farming has become popular in recent years as activists have begun
advocating what they claim is a healthier, more sustainable and local source for
food, rather than from giant agriculture businesses.

Not far from Urban Adamah's future home, activists have been fighting to stop a
planned development on University of California-owned land along San Pablo in
Albany, calling for it to be used for an urban farm. Appeals challenging the
mixed-use development were rejected by the Albany City Council last week.

In Berkeley, the Edible Schoolyard project teaches children about growing food
through hands-on work on an urban farm.

"There's definite similarities with what we do," Friedman said. "We're
passionate about growing food in an urban environment. We'd be thrilled about
more urban farms sprouting up around the Bay Area. We're focused on growing the
community around our farm.

"For thousands of years, there's a strong connection between agriculture and
food and people. We've lost that, especially recently. It's important to me
because I derive a lot of satisfaction from growing my own food, having food
that's fresh and growing closer to the land."---

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Playing the Crop Circle Game at the current Urban Adamah site on San
Pablo Avenue in Berkeley, The nonprofit urban farming organization has purchased
land for a permanent home on Sixth Street.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    June 19, 2004 Saturday Michigan Edition

Berry bust for the season;
Rain, heat, wind hurt strawberry harvest

BYLINE: By RICK MARTINEZ; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 700 words


Paul Bixby thought going into the month that it would be a good strawberry
harvest this year, even after May thunderstorms had dampened things a bit.

But now the Berrien Springs farmer advises strawberry lovers to get those
native-grown berries soon because harvest time is short.

"Fortunately, we're on rolling ground," Bixby said of his 14 acres of strawberry
patches. "But when you have 3 or 4 inches of rain in a few days, it gets away
from you."

What appeared as a potentially stellar strawberry season has been, in effect,
washed out. The culprits: rain and heat.

While June started out on the cool and dry side, it has become anything but. The
temperature hit highs of 91 degrees on June 8 and 88 degrees on June 9 with
eight days above 80 degrees at South Bend Regional Airport, according to the
National Weather Service's Northern Indiana office.

And precipitation has been above normal for the month with 4.59 inches of rain
through Friday, already 0.4 inch above the norm.

"It's probably the worst conditions since I've been farming" strawberries, said
Bill Krohne, who has 14 acres of market strawberries and about 45 acres of
nursery stock at Krohne Farms near Sister Lakes.

"We had those May thunderstorms when we had 102 mile-per-hour winds. That's
where our downhill slide started here. And then you get 4 to 7 inches of rain on
top of that."

There was early optimism in the market, but the strawberry crop now appears to
be on its downside, said Al Gaus, commercial horticulture agent with Michigan
State University's Berrien County extension office.

While Gaus had heard early reports of an excellent crop, heat and rain have
hastened ripening and reduced the harvest. "The rains do lessen the quality,"
Gaus said.

And it's all about quality as far as area strawberry growers are concerned.

"Rain serves to dilute the sugar content in strawberries," said Lee LaVanway,
market master at the Benton Harbor Fruit Market. "You can't sell water-filled
fruit."

Even though the first strawberries grown locally were brought in May 14,
LaVanway points out much of the fruit currently on the shelves of area chain
supermarkets is generally from California.

"It's absolutely disastrous with the weather," he said of the area strawberry
crop. "Rain and heat and humidity. ... We're pretty much done because of it."

LaVanway points out that although California berries are on local markets'
shelves most of the year, Michigan and Indiana berries taste better. But
superior taste and quality don't mean enough when you can't get the product to
market.

"It's rough," LaVanway said. "This kind of weather is killing us."

And rough going for farmers like Bixby and Krohne means it's time to finish up
the harvest, and move on.

Krohne says his early-June optimism -- despite the May setbacks -- has clearly
soured.

He had managed to start picking strawberries -- the early-season Earliglow
variety-in his fields on May 25.

"Things were looking good," said Krohne, who grows seven strawberry varieties on
his Keeler Township plots. "Usually, you figure you're going to be picking up to
the 4th of July. So with our early start, it looked like we'd be going longer
than usual."

Not so.

Now Bixby is looking at being finished with his strawberry crop, perhaps, by as
early as the middle of next week.

His yields for three varieties -- the early season Honeoye and the late-season
Allstar and Jewel -- show how devastating the weather has been. He figures he'll
achieve only about 30 to 40 percent of his typical yields of 1,000 8-quart flats
per acre.

But like many farmers in southwestern Michigan and northern Indiana, Bixby
doesn't rely on a solitary crop.

Other fruits he grows partnering with Brian Bixby and Carl Fisher include
cherries, apricots, peaches, apples and grapes along with vegetables including
asparagus, sweet corn, tomatoes, squash, broccoli, pumpkins and cabbage.

The next fruit on Bixby Farms' harvesting schedule is tart cherries, which his
crews might start picking the week of June 27, he said.

"We're pretty much done with the crop" of strawberries, Bixby says. "We're not
to be going to pick much more. The quality just isn't there."


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Woodring, of Niles, taste tests one of the strawberries at
Bixby Farms in Berrien Springs on Friday.  Tribune Photos/REBECCA BELLING  This
year's strawberry crop was hurt by heavy rain and hot temperatures.     Growing
strawberries These are where the strawberry farms are in southwestern Michigan
and northern Indiana, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture National
Agriculture Statistics Service's just-released 2002 Census of Agriculture (NA
means not available):   County Farms Acres  Michigan        Berrien 23 122  Cass

 5 76  St. Joseph 6 11  Van Buren 11 115  State 312 1,224      Indiana
Elkhart 19 14  Kosciusko 6 27  LaGrange 19 7  LaPorte 3 NA  Marshall 2 NA  St.
Joseph 3 NA  State 192 501

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 20, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. SEEKS TO CUT FARM EXPORT LOSS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 19


Farm exports by the United States continue to decline, and so once again
American trade and agriculture officials will hold talks with their European
Economic Community counterparts this week to ask them to stop subsidizing grain
and meat sales.

At the same time, an American trade delegation will resume talks in Moscow on a
new long-term grain trade agreement with the Soviet Union.

And on Friday in Paris, Deputy Agriculture Secretary Richard E.  Lyng will
discuss the growing problems of agricultural trade with officials of the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Among the 24 members of
the O.E.C.D. are Japan and the Common Market nations, the two largest customers
for United States farm exports, as well as Australia and Canada, two major grain
exporters.

$9 Billion Loss of Trade

Export subsidies by the Common Market countries and by Argentina and Brazil will
cause other nations to lose more than $9 billion in foreign sales this year, of
which the United States will lose $6 billion, the Agriculture Department said
last week.

In retaliation, the United States will allocate more than $4.8 billion this year
to subsidize sales of American grain and cotton to developing countries, to
guarantee export loans to these countries and, in a special instance, for Egypt
to buy American flour at below market rates instead of purchasing it from France
at a subsidized price.

The department said it expects United States' food and cotton sales abroad to
fall for the fourth year in a row in 1983, to 149 million metric tons, the
lowest level since 1979. Last year these sales totaled 158 million tons, and in
1980 they were 162 million tons.

American farmers must export two-thirds of their wheat, half their soybeans and
at least a third of their corn and feed grain crops, or else surpluses rise and
their prices fall.

Recent Record Crops

For the past two years, American farmers have grown record grain crops. This
year, the prospects are excellent for more bumper wheat, corn and soybean crops
despite the Reagan Administration's new programs that have reduced acreage for
these crops by about one third. Grain and cotton supplies in the United States
have moved up to their highest level since the early 1970's.

The increasing use of subsidies by this country's competitors is only one factor
contributing to the foreign trade problem, American trade officials said last
week.

They also attributed the decline to unusually large world supplies of grain. The
Agriculture Department reported this month that world wheat stocks were at
record levels. World supplies of corn were at their highest point in five years.
Although soybean crops in Brazil have been hurt by bad weather, world stocks
were expected to remain high.

Daniel G. Amstutz, recently appointed Under Secretary of Agriculture for
International Affairs, also said that high interest rates, by pushing up the
value of the dollar, are making American commodities more expensive in the world
market.

But most disturbing, he said, was the capture of American markets by Argentina,
Brazil and the Common Market countries, which have been subsidizing exports of
grain and poultry and underselling this country.

Before President Carter curtailed grain shipments to the Soviet Union in 1980,
the United States delivered 70 percent of Russia's grain purchases. This fell to
20 percent last year. Part of this loss was attributed to subsidized exports
from the Common Market and Argentina.

Soviet Discussions

The United States hopes to persuade the Russians to sign another five-year grain
purchase agreement and to increase their annual purchases of American corn and
wheat. Under an agreement that expires in September, they were obligated to buy
between six million and eight million metric tons of these grains annually.

American trade and agriculture officials did not expect any marked progress in
the talks with the Common Market this week in Washington.  But the American
representatives expect some flexibility among the Common Market officials
because of the rapidly rising costs of export subsidies. The Common Market
spends more than 70 percent of its agriculture budget for these subsidies,
American officials said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 5, 2012

State Fair Announces 2012 Winner

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 372  words


The seventh annual Farming Heritage Award will be presented to the Philip
Harmison family - Philip, Juanita, John, Susan, Gregory, Kody and Kory of
Berkeley Springs, WV.

The award is sponsored by the State Fair of West Virginia and the West
VirginiaFarm Bureau and is presented to a worthy family who has demonstrated a
commitment to a rural lifestyle, been involved in their community and served as
role models to others in the state of West Virginia.

Seven generations of the Harmison family have continued the operation of the
650-plus acre farm. The Harmison's primarily raise beef cattle and run 150 brood
cows.

As time permits, family members do custom farm work and provide lime hauling
services. The Harmison family continues the legacy of community service with
memberships in agriculture related associations and community/civic activities.

The Harmison family will participate in the Farming Heritage Award Ceremony held
on Thu., Aug. 16, "Governor's Day", at the 2012 State Fair. Their award will be
presented by State Fair chair Jerry Cook and West Virginia Farm Bureau President
Charles Wilfong.

The Honorable Governor Earl Tomblin and the Honorable Commissioner of
Agriculture Gus R.Douglass will address the group and participate in the awards
ceremony.

Also included in the award package is a day at the fair including overnight
accommodations, free admission, preferred parking, as well as an engraved
Natural Stone Award.

Applicants for the 2012 Farming Heritage Award represented eight counties. They
were competitive and the judges commend these farming families for their
dedication and longevity to the farming industry.

For more information on the Farming Heritage Award as well as information on the
2012 State Fair of West Virginia, please visit www.statefairofwv.com

The 2012 State Fair is themed "Memories that grow...year after year." and is
scheduled Fri., Aug. 10-Sat., Aug., 18, 2012.

The State Fair of West Virginia, with a $13.8 million dollar economic impact on
the state of West Virginia, is a 501 (c) 3 non-profit corporation committed to
the traditions of agriculture, family entertainment and education.

For more information, please visit www.statefairofwv. com, or follow fair events
on Facebook and Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Glenville Democrat


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

Robots will make farming smarter

BYLINE: TIM CRONSHAW

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 557 words


More artificial intelligence, cheaper sensors and longer flying drones are only
some of the technological advances that Kiwi farmers can look forward to on
"data- driven" farms over the next 10 years.

Microsoft Research principal researcher Ranveer Chandra has been in New Zealand
for a week offering insights into precision agriculture and advances the United
States technology company is working on to improve farming and food production.

He said Kiwi farmers and their innovations could help lead world farming, but
they would see more advances themselves over the next decade. Farmers faced
doubling food production to feed a growing population by 2050 and this would
require more technological advances world-wide, he said.

" New Zealand is quite advanced as far as technology and agri-practices go and I
think this is where New Zealand can lead the world because there is more work to
be done."

Chandra was a keynote speaker at the eResearch NZ conference in Queenstown
before travelling to Christchurch and Palmerston North to meet with AgResearch
and other leaders and leaving for the United States on Monday.

The Indian-born researcher went to the US 18 years ago to complete post-graduate
studies and has led Microsoft projects including in longer lasting batteries and
TV white space networking. Chandra said using technology to provide more food
for the world was close to his heart as India had much to do to lift its food
production.

Farmers would rely less on intuition before taking actions on their farm as they
gained more data and this was happening in the technological space and would
increase in farming for "precision nutrition", better yields and profits, he
said. Stock nutrition would be customised for every animal based on the
evaluation of data showing, for example, their body condition score, phenotyping
and other genetic research. However, this data had to be affordable for farmers
to increase its uptake.

Data-driven farming required more sensors and unmanned aerial vehicles such as
drones to capture information such as the location of an animal, soil and
ambient temperature, humidity and soil nutrients.

The limitation with drones was that it remained difficult to send large amounts
of data to the cloud, but this would be solved once faster data streaming was
available. A barrier to advancing farm technology was the cost of sensors, he
said.

Research for field crop farms in the US showed precision agriculture improved
yields and returns on investment, but the sensors were expensive with five of
them costing US$8000. Chandra's team found that to shorten rural gaps in
wireless access they could use TV band white spaces - unused VHF and UHF TV
channels - and because of their lower frequency they could increase the distance
of coverage during US and India projects, so farmers could connect to the
internet.

Chandra said artificial intelligence would be more mainstream in farming over
the next 10 years. It would guide farmers with data- driven predictions such as
the best time to sow seeds, apply fertiliser and provide the best nutrition for
livestock.

Weather forecasts would be co- ordinated with available water storage for
irrigating crops and pastures or applying fertiliser to them.

--------------------

CAPTION:

A robotic milking system for dairy farms.

Picture: MURRAY WILSON/ FAIRFAX NZ.

Ranveer Chandra

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "YO SANO NO RESIDUES" to ALIMENTOS SIN RESIDUOS S.L.
sociedad de responsabilidad limitada (sl)

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: ALIMENTOS SIN RESIDUOS S.L. sociedad de responsabilidad limitada
(sl), has been granted trademark (5091890) titled as "YO SANO NO RESIDUES" from
the United States Patent and Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 042. US 100 101. G & S: Scientific and technological services,
namely, providing temporary use of non- downloadable computer software for
information over computer networks, intranets and the internet, and computer
networking to facilitate interaction between subscribers, and research and
design in the field of the use of chemicals in agriculture, organic agriculture,
organic farming and food safety; industry analysis and research services in the
field of organic agriculture, organic farming and food safety, principally to
fruit and vegetables, such as the evaluation of the products using organic
farming criteria prior to certification; Performance of chemical analyses;
Quality assurance consultancy; Quality control and testing for others;
Certification services, namely, testing, analysis, and evaluation and goods and
services of others for the purpose of certification; Quality audits services for
others; Process monitoring for quality assurance; Scientific and technological
appraisals and reports; Technical drafting of standards relating to the
certification and granting of approval by others of goods and services. FIRST
USE: 20160801. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20160801

Filing Date: March 5, 2015

Date of registration: 29-11-2016

First Use in Commerce: 01-08-2016


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            September 2, 1991 Monday

Ohio deemed a disaster area

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 160 words


This summer's drought in Ohio has led the U.S. Department of Agriculture
to declare 81 of the state's 88 counties federal disaster areas.

Agricultural economists have predicted the drought could cost the
state's corn and soybean farmers alone as much as $220-million (U.S.), a
figure that does not include losses for livestock producers and vegetable
growers.

The disaster designation by Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan means
eligible farmers may apply for low-interest federal loans. The declaration
actually will apply to all 88 counties because of a rule that allows
farmers in counties contiguous to natural disaster areas to also seek
assistance.

Release of the declaration came as the National Weather Service
classified the drought in parts of the state as extreme, the worst
category on an index used to measure dry spells.

Amounts of rainfall needed to end the drought ranged from 10
centimetres in south-central Ohio to 28 centimetres in the northeast
hills.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 11, 1980, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CUT IN GRAIN FORECASTS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 2; Page 29, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 10


The Agriculture Department has revised its forecast for American and Soviet
grain crops, predicting that yields in both countries would fall below previous
estimates.

The agency estimated that this year's wheat and coarse grain crops in the Soviet
Union would total 205 million metric tons, 5 million less than it estimated last
month. But today's prediction was still higher than the estimate of 190 million
tons made by a Soviet source in Moscow earlier this week.

The Soviet grain estimate was about 26 million tons higher than the crop
harvested in 1979, which was a poor year. But it was 30 million tons less than
planned.

For the United States, the Department's Crop Reporting Board forecast corn
production at 6.47 billion bushels, or 164 million metric tons, 1 percent below
the September forecast and 17 percent lower than the record crop of 7.76 billion
bushels harvested last fall.

Soybean production was expected to total 1.76 billion bushels, or 47.8 million
metric tons, down 4 percent from last month's estimate and more than 23 percent
below last year's record crop, which totaled 2.27 billion bushels.

May Affect Soviet Meat Output

If today's estimate for the Soviet Union is close, the Russians may have even
more difficulty in maintaining meat production than they have been experiencing
and may have to reduce their livestock herds.

Such a Soviet crop shortfall could heighten the pressure on President Carter to
end the curtailment of grain sales to the Russians and allow American farmers to
enjoy another sharp rise in exports.

The decline in American corn and soybean crops was expected to cause a small
increase in grain prices. But Agriculture Department officials said they did not
believe it would affect meat supplies or cause a further increase in food
prices, which are expected to rise at least 10 percent in 1981.

This year's American wheat crop, unlike the corn and soybean crops, was not
affected by the summer's widespread drought. The wheat crop, already harvested,
was now expected to total 2.36 billion bushels, or 64.3 million metric tons of
2,204 pounds each, a slightly higher figure than the 2.35 million bushels
forecast in the September crop production report.

Forecast Draws Questions

During a briefing that followed release of the forecasts on the American and
Soviet crops, J. Dawson Ahalt, chairman of the department's World Food and
Agricutural Outlook Board, was asked why the department's Soviet estimate was
higher than the 190-million-ton figure attributed to the Soviet source and
higher than the 200-million-ton estimate offered by unidentified White House
souces earlier this week.

''We are aware of these other estimates,'' Mr. Ahalt replied. ''But we looked
carefully at all the available information we had and still concluded the Soviet
crops would be about 205 million tons when their harvest is completed.''

American crop forecasters receive frequent reports on Soviet crop conditions
from satellite observations. They also receive reports from American
agricultural attaches in Moscow.

The predicted shortfall in the Russian crop was expected to increase the cost of
Soviet grain imports and make it more difficult for the Russians to buy
additional supplies of corn and wheat from foreign exporters, department sources
said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                            July 2, 1993, Friday, AM

Sugar war could cost Canadian firms $90 million in vanished sales to U.S.

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG


   WINNIPEG (CP) - American trade retaliation against sugar imports would cost
the Canadian sugar industry $90 million in sales annually, an industry official
says.

United States Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy has asked President Bill Clinton
to sign an emergency measure that would effectively end Canadian exports of
refined beet sugar as well as two sugar-containing products, Sandra Marsden,
president of the Canadian Sugar Institute in Toronto, said this week.

"We're just waiting," she said. "There's nothing to indicate it won't happen.
The U.S. industry is facing a serious overproduction problem."

Trade Minister Tom Hockin said such a move would be wrong.

Hockin noted the U.S. exports more sugar and sugar products to Canada than it
imports but also indicated he would be hesitant to employ sanctions against
American sugar exports.

The American government estimated the U.S. had a $230 million trade surplus in
sugar products in 1991, said Marsden.

"Clearly there's no justification for targeting Canada," she said.

The targeted products are refined sugar made from beets grown in Manitoba and
Alberta as well two products high in sugar, powdered drink mixes and gelatin,
she said.

Altogether, the products account for about 100,000 tonnes of sugar or about 10
per cent of Canadian production.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 18, 2005 Sunday

Agribusiness Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b8

LENGTH: 355 words


Wisconsin extends comment period

The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources has extended the comment period on
proposed changes in the state rule that governs manure management by
larger-scale livestock farms.

DNR officials said they are responding to concerns from some agricultural groups
that producers have ample opportunities to learn about and provide feedback
about the proposed rule changes.

Public comments will now be accepted through Oct. 14.

The changes apply primarily to larger-scale operations that have at least 1,000
animal units. That level equals about 700 milking cows, 2,500 hogs and 55,000
turkeys.

Class III milk price dips

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced the Class III milk price at $13.60
per hundredweight, which is 75 cents lower than July and 44 cents less than
August of last year.

The 2005 Class III average is now $14.15 per hundredweight, down from $15.60 a
year ago, but $3.77 per hundredweight above 2003.

Safety day camp slated

The Jo Daviess County Farm Bureau will host a safety day camp from 9 to 11:30
a.m. on Saturday as a part of National Farm Safety and Health Week.

The camp is for children ages 6 to 12 and will be at the Jo-Carroll Energy
Building in Elizabeth, Ill. Topics to be discussed at the camp include fire,
animal, power tool, chemical and gravity wagon safety. There also will be an
electrical demonstration by Jo-Carroll Energy.

Campers must register with the Jo Daviess County Farm Bureau by Tuesday to
attend the camp. To register, call 815/858-2235.

National Farm Safety and Health Week begins today. The 2005 theme is "harvesting
safety and health."

Crop report: Fields dry

Southwest Wisconsin leads the state in harvest of corn silage and soils
throughout the state remain dry, the latest crop weather report from AG
Statistics Service shows.

More than 60 percent of farmers throughout the state say fields are short of
moisture.

Thirty-five percent of the corn for silage has been harvested in southwest
Wisconsin. One producer in Lafayette County reports his silage yields ran about
27 to 30 tons per acre.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 02, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

Burned Out By Drought; Long Dry Spell Takes Its Toll On County's Growers,
Grazers

Sewell Chan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PRINCE WILLIAM EXTRA; Pg. V03

LENGTH: 557 words


Corn leaves in Prince William County have begun to curl, soybeans are being
harvested early, and verdant pastures slowly are turning brown, leaving local
farmers worried about diminishing grain and feedstocks and wilting profits.

With just 1.14 inches of rain measured at National Airport, July was the
fourth-driest month on record, according to Tom Dougherty, a meteorologist at
the National Weather Service in Sterling. The last time the region had so little
rain was July 1966, when the airport recorded just .93 inches of precipitation.

"Corn and soybeans, especially the late-planted corn and the early-planted
soybeans, they've been affected terribly," said Ronald Farino, 64, who raises
beef cattle and the feed needed to sustain them in Nokesville. "The green grass
is just about all gone, the hot weather dried it up so much."

Farino already has begun, literally, to cut his losses -- baling his soybean
plants "because they're not going to make any beans" but still can be made into
fodder.

The dry spell, which meteorologists describe as a moderate drought, has
especially hurt Northern Virginia's crops, most of which are turned into feed
for dairy and beef cattle. In the week that ended Sunday, a quarter of
Virginia's soybean crops, 42 percent of its pasture lands and half of its corn
crops were in poor or very poor condition, according to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics Service.

That comes as no surprise to the growers and grazers of western Prince William,
whose only option has been to pray for rain.

As Robert Caton, 71, looked out at the short pasture on his Brentsville farm, he
said the drought will virtually exhaust his hay supply from last winter. An
initial hay harvest already has been collected, but the total crop will be much
reduced from last year.

"As a rule, we usually have a second hay cut in July and August, but we won't
have one this year," said Caton, who raises 70 head of beef cattle.

And as the stocks saved from last winter run down, Caton's worries grow. "I
think I have plenty of hay to take care of my cows all winter, but as far as the
corn is concerned, I know it's cut in half from what it normally would be," he
said.

Although precipitation was low from April to June, below-normal temperatures
then kept evaporation down. But July's heat worsened the situation.

"This month was definitely worse than the others, because you had near
record-low precipitation and very hot temperatures," said David Miskus, a
meteorologist at the weather service's Climate Prediction Center in Camp
Springs, Md.

Sporadic thunderstorms have hit in the last two weeks, but they barely grazed
the county's eastern half and left the western farmlands unquenched.

The dry spell also has county residents clamoring for water. The Prince William
County Service Authority, which sells water to most of the county, in July
showed an 11 percent increase in water sales from the same period last year.

And Manassas had a 9 percent jump in July from water consumption last year, with
10 million gallons consumed daily during the hottest period, said Allen Todd,
the city's director of utilities.

And it might not improve. There is a 55 percent chance of lower-than-normal
precipitation in August, September and October, Miskus said.


LOAD-DATE: August 02, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, tracy A. woodward, Farmer Ronald Farino, left, and Andy Clemen
walk through a field. "Corn and soybeans . . . they've been affected terribly,"
Farino says.  Clemen, left, and Farino inspect a corn plant on a Nokesville farm
belonging to Clemen's father. The "moderate drought" has hit county farmers
hard.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 11, 1983 Wednesday

U.S. wheat output   expected to drop

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - Winter wheat production was forecast at 1.89 billion
 bushels as of May 1, a 10 per cent decline from last year's record high
 production of 2.11 billion bushels, the Agriculture Department says.

The report, which is part of the department's periodic forecast of
 output, illustrates that even with large acreage reductions because of the
 Payment-In-Kind program, high yields will produce another big year.

The department also said corn growers intend to plant 58.8 million
 acres in 1983, down 28 per cent from 81.9 million acres planted in 1982.

Soybean plantings are forecast to be down 9 per cent in 1983 to 65.8
 million acres. Cotton planted area is expected to total 8.13 million
 acres, 28 per cent below the 1982 acreage.

Spring wheat growers expect to plant 11.6 million acres, down 30 per
 cent from last year. Prospective rice plantings are placed at 2.17 million
 acres, down 34 per cent from a year earlier.

The orange crop this season is forecast at 220 million boxes,
 fractionally less than the April 1 forecast and 24 per cent more than the
 1981-82 season.

The Florida frozen concentrated juice yield this season is predicted to
 be 1.47 gallons a box, up from last season's 1.28 gallons a box.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 16, 2011

Markell signs Young Farmers Bill into law

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 307  words


The outlook for young people interested in careers in farming got a bit brighter
in Delaware when Gov. Jack Markell signed into law a bill that creates the
Delaware Young Farmers Program. Markell signed the law at the Delaware State
Fair, which has been a showcase for Delaware agriculture for more than 90 years.

"Delaware is taking an important step to make sure our agriculture industry is
stronger for generations to come, planting the seed for future careers in
farming," Markell said.

"The young farmer program is unique and special to the state of Delaware - an
investment that will benefit all of Delaware's cit-izens," said Agriculture
Secretary Ed Kee.

The program, an investment provided for in the fiscal year 2012 budget, will
reduce the capital investment for young people looking to set up agribusinesses
and structure an affordable repayment program for them. The land a young firmer
purchases will also be permanently preserved as farmland through the Delaware
AgLands Program.

The current average age of a farmer in Delaware is 57.

"We're building on the best farmland preservation in the country and carving
aglands money for young people to get into farming," said Markell.

Kee pointed out that the Delaware agriculture industry is based on 2,500 farmers
and generates $1.2 billion in sales every year, which expands to $8 billion
worth of economic activity each year for Delaware. The state ranks ninth
nationwide in the percentage of land area devoted to cropland, with 35 percent
of Delaware's land.

"The governor challenged us to come up with legacy ideas, and this was one of
them," said Kee.

Markell was joined by many members of the Delaware General Assembly, who he
thanked for their cooperation and support of the bill.

"This program will hopefully stand the test of time and benefit farmers for
generations to come," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 15, 2008 Tuesday

Soybean, sorghum hay production all down, but corn up 26 percent over 2006

BYLINE: Tim Mitchell, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Jan. 15--The rise of ethanol use and production is being felt in fields across
Illinois, according to figures released over the weekend by the United States
Department of Agriculture.

But some local ag leaders said rising soybean prices and the high price of
nitrogen could mean a rebound for soybean production in 2008.

Apparently, more farmers are making the switch away from soybeans and other
crops to corn, since production of soybeans, sorghum and hay were all down in
Illinois from a year ago.

Brad Schwab, a USDA spokes-man, said corn production totaled 2.284 billion
bushels in Illinois in 2007, a 26 percent jump over a year ago and a record for
the state.

Meanwhile, soybean production dropped dramatically in 2007, by 27 percent to 350
million bushels.

Darrel Good, professor of agriculture and consumer economics at the University
of Illinois, attributes the rise of corn and the fall of soybeans to ethanol.

"I think much of the increased corn production may be traced back to ethanol,"
Good said. "We had some pretty high corn prices last spring, so we planted a lot
more corn here in Illinois and across the United States."

As more ethanol plants are built and as ethanol use rises, Good said, corn used
in the production of ethanol will see accompanying price increases.

Illinois farmers also got good yields this year, according to Schwab. Illinois
farmers produced 175 bushels of corn per acre in 2007, the second-highest yield
ever behind 2006.

"Illinois had some awfully good yields this year, and that added" to the totals,
Good said.

Pesotum farmer Chris Hausman agreed there was more emphasis on corn in 2007.

"That's not necessarily only due to ethanol, but also on the economics of corn
versus soybeans," said Hausman, who serves on the Illinois Farm Bureau board of
directors. "It is more profitable to grow corn rather than soybeans here in East
Central Illinois."

According to Hausman, area farmers traditionally equally divided their land
between corn and soybeans.

"That 50-50 rotation between corn and soybeans is now two-thirds corn and
one-third soybeans," he said. "We're seeing an increased market for corn, while
the bean market is trying to convince farmers to grow one over the other. Right
now more people are in the corn camp."

Champaign County Farm Bureau manager Brad Uken attributes part of corn's rise to
higher worldwide demand for the crop.

"Some of the developing countries are economically getting stronger and thus
have a larger demand for meat," Uken said. "In order to raise more meat, you
need more grain. Thus, more corn is needed overall."

To see more of The News-Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-gazette.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The News-Gazette,
Champaign-Urbana, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080115-CM-CORN-20080115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2008 The News-Gazette


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 3, 2010 Saturday

Bangladesh: Call for formulate women-friendly agri policy

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: DHAKA


DHAKA, April 03 -- Speakers at a national seminar yesterday urged the government
for formulating a women-friendly agriculture policy in order to ensure
recognition of their contribution to agriculture.

According to our correspondent, they made the call at the seminar on "Women in
Farming:

Position, Perspectives and Experience". Bangladesh Women Scientists Association
organised the seminar at Dhaka University Senate Bhaban in the city.

Vice Chancellor of Dhaka University Professor Dr AAMS Arefin Siddique addressed
the seminar as the chief guest and Chairman of BCSIR Professor Dr SM Imamul
Haque as the special guest.

Professor of Department of Physics of Jahangir Nagar University Professor Dr
Afrozee Yunus spoke as the guest of honor. President of Bangladesh Women
Scientists Association Professor Dr Shahida Rafiq chaired the seminar.

Dr Najira Koreshi delivered the welcome address while Suraiya Khanam gave the
vote of thanks.

The speakers said a woman, either directly or indirectly, gives labour in every
stage of farming. Although the contribution of women to innovation and growth of
agriculture is universal, women farm laborers are yet to be recognised as
farmers, they said.

Even women have no participation in decision-making when a measure is taken up
for extension and development of agriculture, they added.

Mentioning that women have close involvement in marginal farming, they called
for giving recognition to women as farmers and bringing them under farm loan
coverage.

Prof Arefin said development of agriculture is a must for ensuring
socio-economic development of poor people of the country. Recognition to women
should be given as they are making lots of contributions to the growth of
agriculture sector for ages, he said.

Emphasising utilisation of high technology in agriculture, he said about 80 per
cent of the people are engaged in farming, still the country could not attain
self-sufficiency in food.

In the United States, even only two per cent people are involved in farming, but
they can export food items after meeting their domestic demand as they use high
technology, he added.

He urged all concerned to come forward to change the mindset of the people
regarding women.

"The present government is a women-friendly government," he said, adding that
the government has taken initiatives to include women at different fields of
national development process.

The people of the country should also come forward for making the government
efforts successful, he added.

Ten eminent female scientists were given awards for their contribution to their
respective fields.

The awardees are Dr Malika Al Raji (posthumously - founder president of
Bangladesh Women Scientist Association), Begum Rijia Haque (posthumously - home
agriculture management), Professor Mahfuza Khanam (first DUCSU female VP),
Professor Dr Kamrunnesa Begum (physicist), architect Lailun Nahar (urban
planner), Professor ZN Tahmida Begum (first PSC female chairman), Dr Roushan
Jahan Mannan (chemist), Professor Shameem Ara Ahmed (biologist), Momena Begum
(animal feed inventor) and Dr Dilara siddique (physicist). Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Beef farmers fight U.S. label policy; Canada's cattlemen join lawsuit to delay
country-of origin plan

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


An organization that represents Canadian beef farmers says it is seeking an
injunction while a court in the U.S. hears its case against country-of-origin
meat labelling.

The Canadian Cattlemen's Association says it is part of a coalition that has
asked the U.S. District Court in Washington to delay the policy to be
implemented in November.

It would require labels on meat products sold in the United States to contain
detailed information about where the products come from.

The lawsuit claims that the rule would violate the U.S.

Constitution and the U.S. Agriculture Marketing Act, and is arbitrary and
capricious.

The coalition that has filed the injunction argues that the policy would cause
"irreparable harm" to the U.S. meat and livestock industry and is not in the
public interest.

The labelling system increases costs and makes it more difficult for U.S.
companies to buy Canadian products.

Plaintiffs in the lawsuit also include the American Association of Meat
Processors, American Meat Institute, Canadian Pork Council, National Cattlemen's
Beef Association, National Pork Producers Council, North American Meat
Association and Southwest Meat Association. A World Trade Organization ruling on
meat labelling found the U.S. system discriminates against foreign livestock.

The U.S. announced earlier this year it wants even more detail on the origins of
beef, pork and chicken sold in grocery stores. Labels would include such
information as "born, raised and slaughtered in the United States" for American
meat. Meat from other countries could carry labels such as "born in Canada,
raised and slaughtered in the United States."

Last month, Ottawa released a list of potential U.S. agricultural products to
which Canada could apply retaliatory tariffs. They include cattle, pigs, beef,
pork, some fruits and vegetables and chocolate.

Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said while Canadians could see higher prices as
a result, the U.S. will lose jobs and significant revenue from the tariffs that
may result from U.S. country-of-origin labelling requirements.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Gerry Ritz;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

Consumer power driving change in US agriculture

LENGTH: 342  words


Farmers markets in the United States are reflecting the strong growth in
consumer demand for naturally produced foods.

These include grass fed beef and dairy products made with milk from non-BST
treated cows. A case in point is the Fiscalini Cheese Company,  based in Modesto
California.

"The business makes a selection of high quality artisan cheeses from a
proportion of the milk produced by its herd of Holstein and Jersey cows,"
explained Fiscalini's  Mike Green.

"These are then sold at farmers' markets throughout the South West United States
.

"There is a growing demand for high quality cheese made from BST-free milk.
This, in turn, reflects the wish of consumers to have their food produced in the
most natural way possible.

"As a company we are striving to deliver an eating sensation which builds on our
commitment to natural production methods. In fact, Fiscalini cheddar performed
tremendously well in a recent international cheese competition, held in London."

Green made these comments while attending a New Year farmers' market held in
Phoenix Arizona. Significantly, all of the beef suppliers there confirmed a
commitment to rearing cattle, using pasture as the main source of feed. Hormonal
implants are not used at any stage of the production process.

Meanwhile, there is increasing evidence that US consumers are becoming more
interested in the long term sustainability of their farming industry as a whole.

Michael Olson, a member of the management team at the Desert Botanical Garden in
Phoenix, told Farming Life that water conservation is the biggest challenge
facing agriculture in the South West United States.

"There is a growing trade-off between the needs of the growing human population
in the south west and the fact that irrigation is the only way of guaranteeing
satisfactory crop yields in this part of the world," he said.

"Members of the public are also telling farmers that they must act to conserve
as much of the natural landscape and desert heritage as possible.

"It's all about working with nature, rather than against it."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Country-of-origin meat labelling opponents file injunction

SECTION: C; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 340 words


CALGARY - An organization that represents Canadian beef farmers says it is
seeking an injunction while a court in the U.S. hears its case against
country-of-origin meat labelling.

The Canadian Cattlemen's Association says it is part of a coalition that has
asked the U.S. District Court in Washington to delay the policy to be
implemented in November.

It would require labels on meat products sold in the United States to contain
detailed information about where the products come from.

The lawsuit claims that the rule would violate the U.S. constitution and the
U.S. Agriculture Marketing Act and is arbitrary and capricious.

The coalition that has filed the injunction argues that the policy would cause
"irreparable harm" to the U.S. meat and livestock industry and is not in the
public interest.

The labelling system increases costs and makes it more difficult for U.S.
companies to buy Canadian products.

Plaintiffs in the lawsuit also include the American Association of Meat
Processors, American Meat Institute, Canadian Pork Council, National Cattlemen's
Beef Association, National Pork Producers Council, North American Meat
Association and Southwest Meat Association.

A World Trade Organization ruling on meat labelling found the American system
discriminates against foreign livestock.

The U.S. announced earlier this year it wants to require even more detail on the
origins of beef, pork and chicken sold in grocery stores.

Labels would include such information as "born, raised and slaughtered in the
United States" for American meat.

Cuts of meat from other countries could carry labels such as "born in Canada,
raised and slaughtered in the United States."

Last month, the Canadian government released a list of potential U.S.
agricultural products to which Canada could apply retaliatory tariffs.

They include cattle, pigs, beef, pork, some fruits and vegetables and chocolate.

Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said that while Canadians could see higher
prices as a result, the U.S. will lose jobs and significant revenue from the
tariffs.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Winthrop News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 15, 2010

Farmers on track for record harvest

BYLINE: Winthrop News staff

LENGTH: 201  words


U.S. farmers are on pace to produce the largest corn and soybean crops in
history, according to the Crop Production report released today by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

Corn production is forecast at 13.4 billion bushels and soybean production at
3.43 billion bushels, both up 2 percent from the previous records set in 2009.
Based on conditions as of August 1, corn yields are expected to average a
record-high 165 bushels per acre, up 0.3 bushel from last year's previous
record. Soybean yields are expected to equal last year's record of 44 bushels
per acre.

Cotton production is expected to jump 52 percent from last year, to 18.5 million
480-pound bales. Average yield is forecast at 837 pounds per harvested acre, up
60 pounds from last year.

The August Crop Production report contains USDA's first survey-based estimates
of yield and production for corn, soybeans and other spring-planted row crops.
Between July 25 and August 6, NASS surveyed approximately 27, 000 producers and
also took objective field measurements in the major crop-producing states. Crop
Production is published monthly and is available online at
http://www.nass.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTH

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Winthrop News


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    August 7, 1993, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

U.S. subsidies stay on wheat sold to Mexico

BYLINE: Peter Morton with files from Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


The U.S. government will continue to use its export enhancement program to sell
wheat to Mexico despite Canadian protests, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Michael
Espy said Friday.

Canada has launched a complaint under the Canada-U.S. Free Trade Agreement,
claiming U.S. subsidies to Mexico violate a clause in the accord that requires
both countries to take the other's interests into account in third markets.

''Our interest is to make sure we can maintain a presence in markets like
Mexico, where we have seen a reduction in our presence,'' Espy said after talks
with Canadian Agriculture Minister Charlie Mayer.

Mayer said Ottawa has not yet decided whether to refer the matter to a disputes
settlement panel under the free trade agreement.

The export enhancement program, which offers subsidies of $295 a tonne of wheat,
was designed to counter European subsidies on grain sold to other countries but
was not to include the markets supplied by Canada and other grain-growing
nations.

Canadian grain producers last year sold about 500,000 tonnes of wheat to Mexico,
representing 2% of total Canadian grain exports. The U.S. announced it plans to
expand its program to 32 million tonnes this year, including 1.4 million to
Mexico.

On another front, the two ministers agreed to try to resolve the looming dispute
over Canadian sugar exports by narrowing the fight to food products containing
sugar, such as flavored drinks and gelatins.

The two countries had threatened to slap duties on each other's imports.
Canadian sugar beets, from which sugar is refined, get some government subsidies
and can undercut U.S. domestic prices.

Meantime, Prairie oilseed farmers and central Canadian corn and soybean growers
are expecting higher prices because of widespread flooding that has destroyed
crops in parts of the U.S.

In general on the Prairies, plenty of rain this year means yields are expected
to be above average.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 4, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AND NOW, A GLUT YOU CAN EAT

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 930 words

DATELINE: ANTHONY, Kans.


Among many farmers in the wheat and corn belt who were around in the 1960's - a
time of abundant harvests and plunging incomes - there has in recent weeks been
a clear feeling that history is repeating itself.

Another record wheat crop is pouring into already bulging elevators, and another
bumper corn crop is in prospect. Prices for farmers' grain are slipping
downward. Surpluses are piling up to levels that will hold prices down for
another year at least, experts say, unless summer storms batter the corn and
soybean crops that are not due to be harvested for another two months or so.

All this has added considerably to the worries of the Agriculture Department,
which has been casting about -unsuccessfully so far - for steps it could take to
help the farmers.

''There's no question that we're really concerned,'' said J. Dawson Ahalt,
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Economics. ''The situation is even worse now
because for the past three years world demand for our grain has not been
expanding as fast as our production.''

Even before the winter wheat harvest got under way in early June, there were 1.1
billion bushels left over from 1981, nearly half a full year's supply, including
exports. Corn from last year's crop still in storage totaled a record high 3.85
billion bushels, 39 percent more than last year. Soybeans still in the elevators
were 3 percent less than in June, 1981.

But the Agriculture Department's latest estimate of grain acreage, released
Wednesday, indicated a record area had been planted in soybeans. Corn acreage to
be harvested for grain was down only 1 percent and for all wheat, including the
winter variety now coming in, the acreage was down only 2 percent. New varieties
of wheat are yielding well above past averages and the analysts expect that corn
and soybean farmers, weather permitting, will put on extra fertilizer and bring
in higher per acre yields.

So the Agriculture Department's offer of price support loans and subsidies in
return for reduced plantings was having little or no effect.

To be sure, there are some differences between today and the late 1960's. There
is now a burgeoning farmer-held grain reserve from which wheat and corn growers
who are eligible for loans can get premiums for holding their grain. But now
they are not being paid, as they were in the 1960's, to leave their land idle.

The United States is exporting twice as much grain as it did in the late 1960's.
But in addition to the slowdown in world demand for American grain, there is
more competition this year from Canada, Australia, Argentina and the European
Common Market, all of which have abundant supplies of wheat they can sell, most
of it at lower prices than the United States can offer.

Western analysts are predicting the poorest Russian grain crop since 1975. But
unless a new grain trade agreement that would include minimum purchases of wheat
is signed soon, the Soviets may not buy any more wheat from the United States
this year.

Even though barely 40 percent of wheat and feed grain farmers have reduced their
planting by 15 or 10 percent and are thus eligible for crop loans and subsidies,
the levels to which Congress has raised these are now so far above free market
prices that farm commodity aid was expected to account for between $10 billion
and $11.5 billion in President Reagan's next budget.

But most of all it was the persistent buildup of surpluses and the problem of
what to do with all that grain that was evoking memories of the late 60's.

Louis Drouhard, a farmer who has lived here in Harper County for all of his 76
years, remembers all too well the 1960's, when wheat supplies were so great that
the farmers' price rarely varied above the price support loans set by the
government and most of it was taken over by the Commodity Credit Corporation as
payment for those loans.

Mr. Drouhard said he and his two sons now had the best wheat yields he had ever
seen. ''But there's so much of it already backing up that we think we'll be
lucky to get

$3 a bushel for it by the time the harvest is ended,'' he said. Mr. Drouhard
said he could find nothing in today's farm outlook that was encouraging for
grain growers, though livestock farmers were beginning to make a little profit
after two years of losses.

Even if the rest of the economy picked up this fall, he said, grain supplies
were already so large that there was little chance farmers' crops would bring
them any more money in the next year.  Which would mean, he said, that the
merchants in the small towns of the Middle West, who depend on what they sell to
farmers, were also in for another bleak year.

But there was little indication, in talks with farmers, elevator operators and
merchants in Harper County, that the Administration was being blamed. ''All we
want from the government is a better price for our wheat and lower interest
rates on what we have to buy,'' Mr.  Drouhard said. ''We could take care of
ourselves with that.''

But concern was growing among all grain farmers over the lack of progress toward
a new Soviet grain purchasing agreement. Unless President Reagan imposes another
embargo, the Russians would still be able to buy all the American wheat and corn
they wanted. But they were worried that without that agreement, the Russians may
be looking elsewhere for their wheat.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: table of the producers in billions of bushels

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 8, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Commodities;
Corn and Soybeans Off; Wheat and Oats Mixed

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 2; Page 41, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 384 words


Corn and soybean futures prices turned lower and wheat and oats closed mixed
yesterday.  Analysts said early support seemed to stem from a short-term
tightness in grain supplies at the Gulf of Mexico as well as at interior
locations. They said this forced exporters and other commercial interests to bid
higher for corn and soybeans in order to meet their commitments.

Selling at country elevators picked up as farmers sought to take advantage of
the higher prices and this prompted some hedge selling by commercial interests
in the futures market, traders said.

There was some evening of contract positions ahead of the weekend.

Foreign Demand Shows Rise

A United States Agriculture Department report showing increased foreign demand
for wheat also was said to influence some early buying in that trading pit.

Underlying negative factors in the markets were the strong dollar overseas, and
forecasts for beneficial rains this weekend in the Mississippi Delta growing
areas.

On the Chicago Board of Trade, wheat for delivery in September settled at $4.07
a bushel; corn at $3.26 1/2 a bushel; oats at $1.92 1/4 a bushel, and soybeans
at $7.13 bushel.

Precious metals fell, with silver losing as much as 15.1 cents.  The
August-delivery contract was $8.535 a troy ounce and August gold was $396.50 a
troy ounce on the Commodity Exchange Inc. in New York.

Cattle Prices Mixed

On the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, cattle prices were mixed amid expectations
for weaker carcass beef prices next week. Live cattle were 0.12 cent lower to
0.08 cent higher with the contract for delivery in August at 51.65 cents a
pound.

Analysts said demand for pork during the week gave some support to the hog and
pork belly futures markets. August-delivery bellies rose to 51.20 cents a pound
and hogs settled at 51.65 cents a pound.

Coffee for September delivery settled at 114.56 cents a pound.  Cocoa futures
were lifted by $50 to $70 as the International Cocoa Organization reported
progress on some operational questions surrounding implementation of the new
international price support agreement. The September contract settled at $2,081
a metric ton.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

Global farm experts to converge on Mohali

SECTION: CHANDIGARH

LENGTH: 307 words


CHANDIGARH: Agriculture experts, plant breeders and farmers from across the
globe will converge on Baba Banda Singh Bahadur War Memorial, Chappar Chirri,
Mohali, for the Progressive Punjab Agriculture Summit that will be held from
February 16 to 19.

Prominent among the participants will be Saskatchewan (Canada) minister of
agriculture Lyle Stewart, who will be accompanied by a powerful delegation of 20
businessmen from the country.

It is expected that hundreds of farmers from Punjab, besides West Bengal,
Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana, Assam, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal
Pradesh, J&K will participate in this mega agri-summit.

"Nearly 92 million out of 138 million land holders in the country have less than
one acre and their condition is pitiable due to the prevailing agrarian crisis.
They are neither farmers nor labourers," said an official of Punjab agriculture
department.

Eminent agriculture experts and delegates from Canada, Pakistan, the UK,
Denmark, the Netherlands, Australia, and the United States will shed light on
how to increase production so that income of such farmers goes up.

The Punjab government has invited all chief ministers, agriculture ministers and
eminent political leaders of national repute cutting across political lines to
participate in it.

As many as 11 technical sessions on various themes -- including challenges to
Punjab agriculture, bio-technology in agriculture, potato seed production,
rearing of small ruminants, commercial dairy farming, agriculture marketing and
risk management, bee-keeping, investment in food and agri processing, besides
panel discussion on farmers' economy with focus on role of Punjab in Indian
agriculture economy, handling and marketing of food grains, farmers indebtedness
and future of farming, among others -- will be held.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 15, 2004 Tuesday Home Edition

GLOBAL GEORGIA: Support, stability crucial to farmers

BYLINE: CHUCK COLEY

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 11A; EQUAL TIME

LENGTH: 670 words


I am concerned by the recent rash of negative publicity given to U.S.
agriculture in general and U.S. cotton producers in particular. Invariably,
these criticisms are based on a distorted view of the role of farm programs and
ignore farming's challenges.

It appears that many have lost sight of agriculture's importance to the U.S.
economy. Annually, this country's food and fiber industries employ 25 million
people, produce output valued at $3.5 trillion, and account for 15 percent of
the U.S. gross domestic product.

In rural America, agriculture's importance to local economies is even greater.

In 2002, the United States enacted a new farm bill, which has come under
constant criticism and has even been portrayed as a lavish handout to corporate
farms.

Nothing could be further from the truth. This law provides an important safety
net for production agriculture and does so in a fiscally responsible manner.
Spending under the law is much less than originally projected. The programs in
that legislation help protect farmers from the vagaries of weather and commodity
markets while allowing them to respond to market signals and not distort overall
production and prices.

Why is this stability and safety net so important to farming? America's farmers
face greater risks than the vast majority of businessmen, but without the
corresponding upside reward potential. There are so many factors they cannot
control: a strong dollar, unanticipated oversupply in high production years,
depressed prices and destructive natural events that can wipe out an entire
crop. An effective farm program is essential for providing stability in
production, financing and marketing, and in a broader sense, underpins the
overall rural economy. And a strong rural economy benefits Atlanta and all of
Georgia.

Another overlooked fact is the scope of programs covered by farm legislation.
Overall outlays are quoted without mentioning that the spending also covers
numerous conservation and nutrition programs benefiting all Americans. Also
going without mention are the important insurance programs and the authorization
for national and international food donation programs.

Recent attempts to portray U.S. farm programs as the root of the problems in
world commodity markets are simply wrong --- but that does not keep them from
being repeated as gospel over the Internet and by the news media.

Georgia farmers compete in a global economy, where many of our competitors are
subsidized or their markets are protected from competition. The world
agricultural system is rampant with governmental policies that distort markets
and prices. Few of those governments have policies that are as transparent as
the United States'. The cotton market faces additional pressures caused by heavy
subsidization of synthetic fibers, such as polyester, in many Asian countries.

Efforts are under way to address agricultural programs in the World Trade
Organization. The United States has repeatedly proposed significant agricultural
reforms, but its proposals have been rebuffed by countries that wish to maintain
high levels of protectionism. Our competitors hope that the rash of misguided
criticisms will force the United States to capitulate and not obtain an
equitable international agreement. U.S. agriculture is unanimous in its
determination that a new WTO agreement must address all aspects of subsidies and
market protectionism across all countries and commodities.

It is vital that the United States maintain a stable, predictable and equitable
farm policy. Such policy supports rural America and permits U.S. consumers
continued access to the safest, most affordable and most secure supply of food
and fiber in the world. Discarding effective farm programs would have
detrimental results. The United States cannot afford to unilaterally disarm. I
would hate to see our nation become as dependent on foreign-produced food and
fiber as we are on energy.

Chuck Coley is a cotton farmer in Vienna, Ga.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: GLOBAL GEORGIA

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chuck Coley
ME: Op-ed column in the third of a five-part special editorial series on the
Peach State in the world economy.

TYPE: Series

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Level the playing field

BYLINE: Leo Guilbeault, Special to The Windsor Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Guest column; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 725  words


The Christmas holiday is always a good time to rest and reflect, especially for
farmers who are still wrapping up an unusually long harvest season.

For most people, a challenging year usually ends on a hopeful note, with a
commitment to persevere and take control of the things that can affect their
futures. Unfortunately for farmers, there is little they can control to turn a
bad year into a good one.

Ontario's 25,000 grain and oilseed farmers have been fighting for survival over
the past five years. It's not because of the weather or the environment. It's
not because there isn't enough farm land to grow the beans, corn, wheat, barley
and other commodities Ontarians enjoy every day. In fact, quality and yield have
never been better.

The problem is the rest of the world. Agriculture is the last sector in which
the industrialized world wantonly subsidizes for political gain at home,
especially in the United States. This results in artificially low world prices,
as anyone with a basic grasp of economics can tell you.

That's OK for farmers in those countries -- government support allows them to
earn a living in spite of the market. Not so here in Ontario. Farmers here don't
have the same levels of support, and they can't go to Washington, Brussels or
Paris and tell politicians in those countries to let the real market work the
way it should.

When the economists and bureaucrats look up from their charts, then they will
see the real story: In Ontario, an entire generation of families is pulling out
of the farming business because they can't afford to carry on producing on land
where, in some cases, it costs twice as much to grow the crop than the farmer
will ever receive from a severely skewed world market.

The Canadian Senate's agriculture committee recently released a report,
Understanding Freefall, that stated low farm incomes caused by the subsidy
madness was turning farmers into poverty-stricken second-class citizens.

'SERIOUS PROBLEMS'

"Persistent low farm incomes have created some serious problems for farmers in
many parts of the agricultural sector.... Hardship on the farm is leading to a
situation where farming is seen as a life with few prospects (and) where
depression, crisis and/or debt seriously impact many farm families," the report
said.

In Ontario, about 1,250 growers are dropping out of the farming business every
year, and more than 6,000 grain and oilseed farming households -- the entire
family -- are living on income under $25,000, according to Statistics Canada
data.

Agriculture analysts say it takes a minimum income of $100,000 a year to make
the smallest farm economically viable, but 52 per cent of Ontario farms report
less than that in income. A further 21 per cent of farms have incomes just
slightly above that critical threshold, according to the Institute of Agrifood
Policy Innovation.

The Canadian and Ontario governments have acknowledged this income crisis, but
continue to offer only ad-hoc aid, too little and too late, through the widely
reviled Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program.

Besides, farmers don't want handouts. They want a market that works. The grains
and oilseeds sector, which produces nearly $4 billion in Ontario crops annually,
has asked the two levels of government to move away from handouts and toward a
stable and sustainable insurance-based Risk Management Program to replace the
CAIS debacle.

The federal and provincial governments would administer the program, but farmers
would pay into it through premiums. This system would be fair, and would not
result in more spending by government, instead replacing the hodgepodge of aid
programs that no one believes to be effective.

We fear that 2007 is going to be a watershed year for the future of the family
farm if the governments turn its back on the Risk Management Program. We fear
that more farmers will leave the business, and those that remain will go deeper
into debt, into poverty and into despair. We fear the end of the family farm as
we know it.

One thing is for sure: The cycle of the farm income crisis is quickening and
deepening.

Ontario farmers, and Ontarians in general, don't want handouts or subsidies.
They want the stability offered by protection from worldwide farm subsidies.

Leo Guilbeault is an Essex County farmer and chairman of the Ontario Grains and
Oilseeds Safety Net Committee.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Leo Guilbeault

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Agriculture in Brief: 01/14/2017

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words


Jan. 13--Michigan crop yields down in 2016

TRAVERSE CITY -- Most Michigan crop yields, except hay and soybeans, were down
in 2016, according to the United States Department of Agriculture National
Agricultural Statistics Service Great Lake Region.

Heavy precipitation and cool temperatures in April and May delayed the start of
the growing season, the office said in a release. Good conditions the rest of
the year, though, brought most crops in on schedule.

The state's average corn yield dropped 5 bushels per acre from 2015, to 157
bushels. High yields in the Thumb area offset below-average yields in the
state's south central area. Silage yield was 19.5 tons per acre, up half a ton
from 2015.

Soybeans set a new yield record in Michigan at 50.5 bushels per acre, 1.5
bushels higher than the record yield in 2015. Nearly the entire crop was ready
for harvest by mid-October.

Sugarbeet yield fell 0.9 tons per acre from 2015's level to 30.8 tons per acre
in 2016. But that figure was the second-highest on record for the state. Early
analysis shows a lower sugar content in this year's beets.

Dry bean production in Michigan totaled 4 million hundredweight, down 28 percent
from 2015. Quality was down somewhat, the NASS said, because of drought
conditions during the growing season.

All hay production totaled 2.36 million tons, 9 percent lower than 2015.

Farm Service Agency Cooperative Agreements announced

WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture today announced cooperative
agreements with 46 partners to educate producers, including those who have been
historically underserved by USDA programs, about Farm Service Agency programs
that provide financial, disaster or technical support.

Nearly $2.5 million will go to nonprofits and universities to provide training
and access to FSA programs, financial resources and other information.

SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loans available

ATLANTA -- The U.S. Small Business Administration is offering federal Economic
Injury Disaster Loans for some operations affected by a trio of 2016 disasters.
Separate loan programs are available because of excessive rain from April 25
through Oct. 25, drought from May 25 through Oct. 25, and hail and high winds
from July 8 through Sept. 27.

The drought and hail-and-high-wind disaster loans are available to small
businesses, small agricultural cooperatives, small businesses engaged in
aquaculture and private nonprofit organizations in Antrim, Benzie, Grand
Traverse, Kalkaska, Leelanau. The excessive-rain program is not available in
those counties.

The programs are available to eligible farm-related and nonfarm-related entities
that suffered financial losses as a direct result of the drought. With the
exception of aquaculture enterprises, SBA cannot provide disaster loans to
agricultural producers, farmers, or ranchers. Nurseries are eligible to apply
for economic injury disaster loans for losses caused by drought conditions.

Applicants may apply online using the Electronic Loan Application via SBA's
secure website at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela. Loan applications must be
returned to SBA by Sept. 11, 2017.

___ (c)2017 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170113-ZK-Agriculture-in-01-14-2017-0113-20170113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2017 The Record-Eagle


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                               December 28, 2015

Osun Signs U.S.$50 Million Agric Investment MOU With U.S. Firm

BYLINE: Gbenga Faturoti

LENGTH: 950 words

DATELINE: Osogbo


Osun State Government has pegged a $50million Agriculture Investment with the
United States of American (USA) Firm for the provision of modern agricultural
Technological Services as an alternative to the dwindling allocation from the
federation account.

The signing of the partnership with US JIL Firm Limited which took place in
Osogbo, Osun State Capital was aimed at given fresh impetus to its agricultural
sector revolution drive in the state.

The MoU covered the development and infrastructural upgrade of a breeding,
fattening and processing of beef cattle ranch and the establishment of
agricultural equipment leasing and hire centres to be managed by JIL farm
Limited.

Speaking shortly after the signing of the agreement, Ogeni Rauf Aregbesola, Osun
State Governor expressed appreciation to the investors for their interest in the
state. He assured them that no contribution will be spared in ensuring that the
venture comes out a success that will become a benchmark for the nation.

Noting that Osun is predominantly an agrarian state, he said the survival of the
state is tied to agriculture.

According to him, "We cannot survive without the success of farmers. What has
been sustaining the state is agriculture. If the farmers succeed, they will
fulfill their civic responsibility and we all will be better for it.

Ogbeni Aregbesola charged the people of the state to embrace agriculture for the
prosperity of the state to be guaranteed in the face of the grim economic
realities confronting the nation.

In his words: "We slumbered because of the oil windfall. All lands in Osun must
now be available for agriculture. Farming is the only way we can work and
progress without stress".

Jerry Cunningham, an experienced American animal husbandry expert and a member
of JIL Farms Limited investment team while speaking thanked the people of the
state for the hands of partnership extended to them.

"We've always wanted to do this and now we've got an opportunity. You're going
to be number one in the country in animal husbandry with the latest technology
we are deploying. We will not let you down. We've got all our equipment on
ground".

Speaking further, Cunningham expressed the keenness of the team to work with
indigenous farmers and transfer best practices in animal husbandry and modern
agricultural technology competences. "We've got talent in Nigeria, but we've got
to manage it. We will train your people to operate the equipment".

Dr Ayoade Akere, leader of the JIL Farms Limited team assured the governor and
people of the state that the investors are poised to impact the host community
greatly while doing business. He said not only that hundreds of people will be
employed; tourism in the host communities will also be improved greatly.

As an offspring of the Osun Beef Chain Development (O-Beef) and Osun Rural
Enterprise And Agricultural Programmes (O-REAP), the proposed ranch will birth
on 1,500 and 476 hectares of land in Ilawo town and Isatmosa farm in Iwo
respectively. It is proposed to have irrigation for all-year-round controlled
grazing for the breeding and development of 2,500 foundation stock breeding
cattle herd which will include the Tuli and Boran species, which are known to be
highly adapted to rainforest areas.

The project will also include the development of a 10,000-head capacity feedlot
centre, the construction of a feed mill for processed grains, a meat processing
plant, and a packing plant for vegetables. A youth training centre, a retreat
centre for trainings and a livestock and farming outgrower scheme will feature
to guarantee the state government's vision of encouraging the transfer of modern
agricultural technology and best practices to indigenous farmers in the state of
Osun. With support from foreign agricultural scientists from the University of
Nebraska, United States of America, JIL farms, would finance, operate and
maintain the agricultural land into ranches and farmland in such a manner as to
maintain the infrastructure and develop additional farmland for production of
livestock and crops.

The project is expected to serve as a catalyst for agricultural development for
the economic benefit of the State and the local communities involved. When
concluded, the project will deliver facilities such as a feedlot centre,
irrigation for dry season farming and processing centers for the products
produced. Others include the development of a plan for local farmers to have
farm areas prepared for them and a training program for the youth in conjunction
with the Government and the College of Agriculture, Osun State University, and
the University of Nebraska.

Also, as a way bridging the identified agricultural technology deficit among
farmers in the state, the partnership has included the establishment of modern
agricultural equipment leasing and hire centres. This will ensure that sound
technological supports are provided to boost the current steady progress being
recorded in the agriculture sector and catapult the cultivation of food crops in
the State.

Under a joint-venture partnership, State Government of Osun will transfer some
of their current equipment service centres to JIL Farms to develop agricultural
equipment leasing and hire centres in the State of Osun on a five-year basis
subject to further renewal. JIL Farms will provide finance and establish the
agricultural equipment leasing centre to provide modern farming equipment,
technologies, and techniques to local farmers on fair and workable terms taking
into the consideration the profitability of the scheme to the farmers. Such
equipment include: Tractors of various types and purposes, processing equipment,
storage facilities, irrigation facilities, among others

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 1, 2004 Thursday

U.S. farmers planting record soybean crop; USDA projects 75.4 million acres of
beans will be planted in 2004

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Tristate; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 433 words


American farmers will plant a record number of acres of soybeans in 2004,
according to a government report released Wednesday.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture projected soybean acreage will rebound from a
three-year decline to 75.4 million acres, up 3 percent from last year.

The department forecasts farmers also will plant slightly more acres of corn
than last year, at 79 million acres. Wheat acreage, meanwhile, is expected to
fall 4 percent from 2003.

Iowa State University economist Robert Wisner said corn demand could outstrip
supply. Based on trend yields, 79 million acres would produce a 10.17 billion
bushel crop in 2004, but corn use is expected to be 10.2 to 10.3 billion, he
said.

"I think it bodes well for corn prices," agreed University of Illinois grain
marketing specialist Darrel Good. "We need fairly high yields to get a crop to
meet world demand."

Good expected next year's corn prices to average higher than the $$ @2.45 per
bushel the agriculture department projected for this year.

The increase in soybean acres follows a jump in prices. The agriculture
department said soybean prices averaged $$ @9.56 per bushel this month, $$ @3.97
above March 2003 and the highest prices in 15 years.

Iowa farmers will increase corn and soybean acres by 1 percent, the Agriculture
Department said. Illinois corn acreage is projected to be the same as 2004.

Locally, seed companies said growers were not making major changes in purchases.

"In the fall after the low bean yields some people were considering more corn,
but our numbers wouldn't indicate that," said Les Johnson, vice president with
Cornelius Seed Company in Andrew, Iowa.  He said most growers in the company's
eastern Iowa and northwest Illinois service areas are staying with their
corn-soybean crop rotations.

"Overall, you might see a slight rise in the corn acres," Johnson said.

Wisconsin, meanwhile, will lose both corn and soybean acres. The Agriculture
Department said farmers there intended to plant 3 percent fewer acres to corn
and 1 percent fewer acres to soybeans.

"We're similar to years past, but I'd say there's going to be some last-minute
maneuvering," said Brad Biddick, president of Trelay Seed Co. in Livingston,
Wis.

Good expected volatile soybean prices in the weeks ahead as the market grapples
with questions over the South American crop and growing season weather in the
United States.

That does not make farmers' planting decisions any easier. Biddick said there
has been a trend in recent years toward more last-minute decision making.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 22, 2004 Sunday

Cattle inventory in Iowa and Illinois follows national trend

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Business; Pg. b1

LENGTH: 217 words


The United States' cattle inventory on Jan. 1, at 94.9 million animals, was down
1 percent compared to a year earlier, according to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

The Illinois cattle herd declined by 4 percent, while Iowa cattle numbers were
down 3 percent. Wisconsin cattle numbers were unchanged.

The Agriculture Department reported the cattle herd might not grow anytime soon,
because the U.S. beef cow herd was the smallest since 1991.

At the same time, the 2003 calf crop was 1 percent below 2002.

Milk cow numbers, meanwhile, were the lowest since 1868. Low milk prices and
strong cull cow prices encouraged dairies to reduce the number of milk cows by 2
percent in 2003.

Price history

Retail fresh beef prices rose steadily during the past five years, hitting a
record high in 2003.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture forecasts retail beef prices will average in
the mid-$$ @3.50s per pound in 2004, down 5 percent from the 2003 record, but up
7 percent from 2002.

Retail equivalent value of U.S. beef industry in 2002 was $$ @65 billion. That
grew to approximately $$ @70 billion last year.

Average annual price per pound:

1998$$ @2.533

19992.605

20002.753

20013.005

20023.052

20033.3314

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 13, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

BLOCK CALLS REVISED BUDGET 'SENSITIVE' TO FARMERS



BYLINE:
By JONATHAN FUERBRINGER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 29, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 546 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 12


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block today praised the farm budget compromise
between the White House and the Senate Republican leadership, but he said the
Reagan Administration was not backing away from its effort to restructure and
cut the Government's agriculture programs.

He agreed with the contention that the Administration's original budget
proposal, given the current financial crisis in farming, was too ''severe,'' and
he described the compromise as a ''soft and gentle'' alternative.

The compromise, which is part of the overall budget agreement reached last week,
would reduce projected spending on farm price support and credit programs by
$16.1 billon over three years, as opposed to the $28.8 billion in cuts
originally proposed by President Reagan. But the compromise would save far more
than the $2.2 billion, three- year reduction voted in the Senater Budget
Committee.

Making Farm Cuts 'Gentle'

On price support programs alone, the compromise allows for spending $8 billion
more over three years than the Administration's original plan, Mr. Block said.
The Administration's original proposal to cut farm credit programs has also been
moderated. The compromise, he added, will ''give us more time to do it and more
money to spend to make it more gentle.''

But Mr. Block said the compromise had not changed the Administration's goal of
making agriculture support programs more ''market oriented.''

Mr. Block described the new program at a news conference today as ''sensitive''
and as one showing ''some appreciation of the deteriorating conditions'' in
rural America.

The proposal is still expected to face strong opposition in Congress. Several
Senate Republicans who represent farm states and are up for re-election in 1986
have already said they oppose the farm program cuts. But the Reagan
Administration and the Senate Republican leadership have said they will oppose
major changes in the over all deficit reduction package.

Mr. Block said he has not decided whether he will send a new version of the farm
bill to Congress or just reshape it in negotiations on Capitol Hill.

More Time to Enact Cuts

Mr. Block did not provide details of the changes the compromise would make in
the Administration's original proposal, but he said the reductions in price
support programs would take place over a longer period of time.

In detailing his objectives, Mr. Block said he wanted to move quickly to reduce
the current commodity loan rates, which now effectively set minimum market
prices.

He said he would be willing, therefore, to extend the period in which payments
to wheat, feed grain, cotton and rice producers would be reduced. Under the
current price support program these farmers are paid the difference between the
market price and a ''target'' price set in law.

On farm credit programs, Mr. Block said the compromise would allow the
continuation of direct loans from the Farmers Home Administration to farmers who
cannot qualify for commercial loans. The original plan wanted to substitute loan
gurantees for most of the direct loans.

In addition, Mr. Block said, the crop insurance program and Rural
Electrification Administration programs would be eliminated over eight years
instead of five years.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 13, 1987 Monday

U.S. REPORT   Prices to farmers unchanged

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 165 words


The prices U.S. farmers got for raw products in March were, on average,
unchanged from the revised February index and also from March, 1986, the
U.S. Agriculture Department says.

Higher prices for lettuce, cotton, cattle and tomatoes were offset by
lower prices for milk, hogs, strawberries, eggs and sweet corn, which held
the preliminary March reading at the revised February average.

Food grains, livestock feed grains and oilseeds showed little change
during the month. Corn and wheat were both down 1 cent a bushel. Soybean
prices were unchanged.

"The all-beef cattle price has continued to increase since January,"
the department said. "Calves were at the highest price level since
November, 1980. Hog prices dropped after showing small gains in February."

Crop prices over all were up 2 per cent from February, but down 9 per
cent from a year earlier, reflecting lower price supports and the huge
stockpiles of key commodities, including corn and wheat, that have been
built up in recent years.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Oak Tree Organics' Chad Wallace recognized for farming efforts

BYLINE: Greg Olson, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 334 words


Aug. 18--An Ashland-area farmer was named Tuesday as one of the tops in the
state.

Chad Wallace of Oak Tree Organics was presented the R.J. Vollmer Sustainable
Agriculture Farmer Award at the Illinois State Fair.

The award was created in 1991 to recognize farmers who are doing an outstanding
job both on their farm and across the state in promoting sustainable farming
systems, said Mike Rahe of South Jacksonville, manager of the soil conservation
program for the Illinois Department of Agriculture.

"One of the reasons Chad was selected for the award was because of his efforts
in direct marketing, community-supported agriculture and the promotion of local
food systems," Rahe said.

Oak Tree Organics, located near Ashland, is a family owned and operated farm
offering a wide variety of fresh produce, fruits and eggs. The farm has been
providing naturally grown produce to the local farmer's market for six years and
offers weekly deliveries to the Springfield and Jacksonville areas.

Wallace, his wife, Dana, and their three children all work on the farm. Their
older daughter, Amanda, takes care of the books and son Kyle works on the
equipment. Five-year-old Erin has worked on the farm since she was in a
stroller.

Wallace grew up on what is now Oak Tree Organics Farm. When he was a child, the
farm was a conventional corn and soybean operation of several hundred acres but
after Wallace's father retired from farming, he took a different path,
converting 18 acres of the family farm to chemical-free fruit and vegetable
production.

To see more of Jacksonville Journal-Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.myjournalcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Jacksonville
Journal-Courier, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100818-JJ-Oak-Tree-Organics-Chad-Wallace-recognized-for-farming
-efforts-20100818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2010 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     August 13, 2002 Tuesday Final Edition

Drought slashes estimates for U.S. grain harvests

SOURCE: AP

SECTION: Business; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: Washington

Widespread drought has prompted the U.S. Agriculture Department to slash its
estimated forecasts for grain and soybean production. The conditions could drive
food prices up.

On Monday, federal officials lowered their estimate for corn production by seven
per cent from last year, predicting that nearly 8.89 billion bushels will be
harvested this year. That would be the lowest production since 1995.

The Agriculture Department alsoreduced its forecast for other crops. The agency
said soybean production is expected to be 2.63 billion bushels, down nine per
cent from 2001.

Corn and soybeans are used in hundreds of food products and as feed for hogs,
cattle, chickens and other livestock. Lack of rain has forced some cattle
producers in the U.S. to sell their herds because of lack of feed.

The forecast for all wheat production was reduced to 1.69 billion bushels, 14
per cent less than last year's crop.

Most farm states have been affected.

In Canada, parts of southern Alberta and Saskatchewan are also suffering through
a severe drought and many farmers have had to cull their herds because they
can't find enough forage.

Last week, Ottawa and the country's railways pitched in for a "Hay West"
campaign, offering money and rail cars to move hay from Eastern Canada to
drought-stricken western farmers.

In the United States, conditions are so poor in Nebraska that Gov. Mike Johans
has asked Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman to declare the entire state a
disaster area so that farmers can obtain federal assistance.

Veneman already has declared Utah an agricultural disaster area. The state has
been affected by drought for four years.

Although several Midwestern states are also dry, rain fell in much of Minnesota
and Iowa in July, allowing most areas in those states to escape the drought.

But conditions have worsened in Kansas as a heat wave continues. State
statistics rate half the state's corn crop as very poor or poor.

Other commodities are also suffering. The U.S. Agriculture Department says
cotton production is expected to be nine per cent lower than last year's crop at
18.4 million bales.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: AP; Fish biologists use a five-metre seine to haul the remains
of a pond devastated by drought in York, S.C.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            April 18, 2007 Wednesday

Reporter recounts farming changes farming changes

BYLINE: By Michelle Koetters;mkoetters@pantagraph.com

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 452 words


BLOOMINGTON - Orion Samuelson remembers when the United States exported crops to
the former Soviet Union in the summer of 1972.

The country had done some exporting before, but on a smaller scale. That summer,
the price of wheat and other crops skyrocketed.

"Suddenly, we realized there's a market outside our borders," he said.

Samuelson, agribusiness director and radio broadcaster for WGN radio, spoke
about changes in agriculture as the keynote speaker at the Illinois Wesleyan
Associates luncheon Tuesday. About 370 people attended the event, which brought
business and professional leaders together in support of the university, at
IWU's Shirk Center.

Globalization changed agriculture like nothing else, but it's not the only
factor that's left its mark on the industry. Equipment has come a long way,
farmers have dealt with good times and bad, and ethanol production will be a
large part of the future, Samuelson said.

To illustrate how far agriculture has come, Samuelson showed a newspaper
clipping from April 1923 that raved about the revolutionary Moline Universal
Tractor. With this piece of machinery, one man could cultivate two rows at a
time. He could plow five to eight acres in 10 hours and could harvest eight to
10 acres of corn in 10 hours.

Samuelson has since seen a machine that could tackle 32 rows at a time. Farmers
today can work with a lot of corn in a lot less time, he said.

The 79-year-old Samuelson also remembers living without electricity for 14 years
until the day in 1948 that the rural electric cooperative found his dairy farm.
All of a sudden, he could turn on a light with a switch and milk a cow with a
machine.

The latest change in agriculture has been $4 corn and $8 soybeans, largely the
result of increased demand for corn to produce ethanol as fuel. The next step in
the agriculture community will be to find other crops - maybe switchgrass or
miscanthus - that can produce ethanol, Samuelson said.

Samuelson's speech resonated with the agriculture community.

"It was true, historical," said retired farmer Robert Myers of Peoria. "It gives
you the value of agriculture and the people involved in it."

Myers and his wife, Alta, have witnessed similar changes in farming.

"I use to plow corn behind horses. I have operated some of the big machines,"
Robert Myers said.

"We milked cows the old-fashioned way until the electric came with the milking
machine," Alta Myers said.

Also at the event, the Illinois Wesleyan Associates announced they had raised
$640,000 for scholarships to 63 students.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Pantagraph


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Kalona News (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 12, 2009

U.S. farms growing and more diverse;
FARMING AND YOUR FREEDOM

BYLINE: PETER GRAHAM

LENGTH: 521  words


Many folks still view U.S. agriculture as a plodding, mud-caked monolith, made
up of white males wearing bib overalls and tilling the soil with small tractors.
They have an "American Gothic" view of farming and farmers. Others think of
farming as a gigantic roaring machine pounding out zillions of crops and
livestock per second.

According to the latest Census of Agriculture: Boy, are they wrong!

The actuality of American farming in this first decade of the 21st Century is
that it is not a monolith, and is, in fact, quite diverse. The new census (2007)
shows that U.S. farms have grown by four percent since the 2002 census, and
those farms are more diverse than in 2002, as well.

Ag Secretary Tom Vilsack has called the Census of Agriculture "a valuable tool
that provides the general public with an accurate and comprehensive view of
American Agriculture."

The 2007 Census counted 2,204,792 farms in the U.S., a net increase of 75,810.
Nearly 300,000 new farms have begun operation since 2002. That flies in the face
of perceptions about farming. Most people would say that farms have disappeared
at alarming rates and that farming, per se, is just about a thing of the past.
The new figures sure give the lie to that idea!

Since 2002, excitingly, American farms have become much more demographically
diverse. For instance, the new count shows almost 30 percent more women as
principal farm operators, while Hispanic farmers as a group grew by 10 percent,
and the counts for African-American, Native American, and Asian farmers have
also increased in five years. Drop that pitchfork, Bud!

Farm size has changed, too. The latest census figures show that the trend
continues toward more small farms and more very large farms, while mid-sized
operations continue to wane. In the five-year period, the number of farms with
sales of less than $2,500 increased by 74,000, while the number of farms with
sales of more than $500,000 grew by 46,000.

In fact, the majority of U.S. farms are now in the small category. More than 36
percent are classified as "residential/lifestyle" farms, with sales of less than
$250,000. The operators of these farms mostly have an occupation other than
farming. Another 21 percent, the Census said, are "retirement" farms, with sales
of less than $250,000, and operators who said they are retired.

Diversity rears its head in other ways than just demographics and farm size. The
2007 Census of Agriculture shows that 57 percent of all farmers have Internet
access, up from 50 percent in 2002. And, 58 percent reported that they have
high-speed Internet connections. A farmer in Mid-America can check in with a
farmer in Afghanistan via the Worldwide Web, and exchanges of agricultural and
cultural knowledge can begin to bind the two as never before in history!

If you want to know more about the census of Agriculture, even down to your own
county level, you can get on the aforementioned web and dial up www.agcensus.
usda.gov. When you do, you'll find that the census also covers on-farm energy
generation, community-supported agricultural arrangements, and, oh yes, historic
barns. Have fun.

I'll see ya!

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KAL

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2009 The Kalona News


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 13, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CORN CROP PUT AT HALF OF '82 TOTAL

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 12


The worst drought in nearly 50 years has reduced this year's corn and soybean
crops, the principal livestock feeds, to levels far below the record 1982
harvest, the Agriculture Department's Crop Reporting Board said today. The corn
crop will be one-half less than last year's yield, and soybeans will be
one-third less.

As a result, the department said, increases in retail food prices, especially
for meat, should start to show up this winter.

By comparison, America's wheat crop, most of it ripe before the drought began,
is expected to exceed 2.41 billion bushels, or 65.5 million metric tons. This
would be one of the largest yields in the last five years despite an acreage
reduction of nearly 25 percent under the Federal payment-in-kind program.

Few Quick Price Rises Seen

Despite the prospect of the smallest corn crop since 1970 and the smallest
soybean crop since 1976, Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said there would be
no immediate increase in most retail food prices.

''There will be some price rises down the road a ways,'' Mr. Block said at a
news conference after the Sept. 1 crop production report was released. ''But we
don't expect to see more than 1 to 1 1/2 percent added to the 4 to 5 percent
food inflation rate we were expecting for 1984.''

As of Sept. 1, the Crop Reporting Board announced, it expected a corn crop of
4.39 billion bushels, or 112 million metric tons, to be harvested in October.
This is 16 percent below the Aug. 1 forecast and would be 48 percent less than
the 1982 crop, which was a record 8.4 billion bushels.

Forecast of Other Crops

The board forecast a soybean crop of 1.53 billion bushels, or 41.8 million
metric tons, which would be 33 percent smaller than the record crop in 1982.

The total feed grain crop - consisting of corn, sorghum, oats and barley - is
expected to total 142 million metric tons, down 44 percent from 1982, the Crop
Reporting Board said. A metric ton, which is 1,000 kilograms, equals about 2,205
pounds.

The board forecast the 1983 cotton crop at 7.78 million bales, 35 percent below
last year. This year's production of tobacco is expected to be 1.36 billion
pounds, 31 percent less than last year. The 1983 peanut crop was projected at
2.91 billion pounds, down 15 percent below 1982.

The Crop Reporting Board's prediction on corn and soybeans was virtually the
same as that made last week by Conrad Leslie, a leading private crop forecaster.



Worldwide Grain Outlook

The department projected total world grain production for the 1983-84 season at
1.58 billion metric tons, down 2 percent from last month's forecast and 5
percent less than last year's record 1.68 billion tons.

The department said the grain crop in the Soviet Union, which has had good
growing weather, was expected to reach 191 million metric tons, above last
year's total of 175 million tons but below the Soviet goal of 225 million tons.

More than half of the record 1982 crop in corn and soybeans has already been
used up, with beef, pork and poultry production at high levels during the last
12 months. Nonetheless, the carry-over of these crops at the end of this month
will be large enough to offset the deep cuts in 1983 production caused by the
drought and, in the case of corn, by the reductions in acreage planted under the
payment-in-kind program.

Calculating Total Supply

The Agriculture Department is expecting a Sept. 30 carry-over of about 3.4
billion bushels of corn. When a 1983 crop of 4.4 billion bushels is added to
this, the total supply for the 12 months beginning Oct. 1 should be 7.8 billion
bushels, the sixth largest on record, Mr. Block said.

The department is expecting domestic corn use plus exports to range between 6.8
billion and 7 billion bushels. This would reduce the projected Sept. 30, 1984,
carry-over to less than one billion bushels. A reserve that low could lead to
shortages and high prices in the 1984-85 crop year, especially if bad weather
holds the 1984 corn crop to less than five billion bushels. Farm economists say
there must be at least 700 million bushels in the supply pipeline at all times
or else there might be shortages at some distribution points.

Meeting Export Targets

Mr. Block expressed confidence that there would be no such shortages of corn or
soybeans before the 1984 crop is harvested and that the United States would meet
all of its grain export commitments, including sales to the Soviet Union.

The carry-over of wheat when the harvest begins next June is expected to exceed
1.5 billion bushels, more than half of a normal year's crop.

With much range and pasture destroyed by the drought and with feed grain prices
more than a dollar a bushel higher than last spring, Mr. Block said, many cattle
and hog raisers are forced to reduce their herds.

This will bring larger supplies into the markets throughout the autumn, he said,
and retail meat prices should remain at today's levels or even decline. But by
January, he added, this larger supply will have been consumed and there will not
be as many animals to replace those slaughtered this fall.

''We expect these lower supplies to force meat prices up, beginning next winter,
and probably keep them up for most of next year,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of 1983 shrinking crop (Page D8)

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 19, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES Livestock Prices Mixed; Wheat Futures Up a Bit



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 371 words


Livestock and meat prices were mixed yesterday on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange as traders awaited a quarterly report from the Agriculture Department
on cattle.

Wheat futures prices advanced slightly, corn was mixed and soybeans fell on the
Chicago Board of Trade.

Activity was light in the cattle pit as traders were squaring their accounts
before the report was released. The report indicated that as of Oct. 1, the
number of cattle being fattened for slaughter in the 13 major beef-producing
states was about 96 percent of the level of a year before. Analysts had expected
a figure slightly higher.



Heavy Marketing Seen

Chuck Levitt, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Shearson/ American Express,
noted that the weights of the cattle indicated that marketing could continue
heavy through the fourth quarter and that a decline is likely next year.

Ideas that hog producers might be able to command higher prices for their hogs
contributed to strength in hog futures yesterday, but those ideas were dashed
after the close of trading when the hog slaughter was estimated at 375,000
animals.

''When you put the whole meat complex together, you're looking at record
supplies for the fourth quarter,'' Mr. Levitt said. ''Unless we get a tremendous
demand for the products, these prices are going to have a tough time being
sustained.''



Pressure on Soybeans

Some of the pressure on soybean and corn prices came from progress being made in
the harvest, said Richard Loewy, a grain analyst in New York with
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. He noted that a report Monday disclosed that
the corn harvest is 59 percent complete and the soybean harvest is 53 percent
complete.

Wheat prices were higher with support coming from the outlook for strong
exports, Mr. Loewy said. He noted that a weekly report released Monday showed 10
million bushels shipped to the Soviet Union. In addition, more exports are
predicted in the next few weeks.

Traders were also simultaneously buying wheat and selling corn, both for
December delivery, reasoning that wheat prices will advance more than corn in
the future because corn has gained so much relative to wheat since the middle of
the summer, Mr. Loewy said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Lamb exports to America closer

LENGTH: 427  words


The mission to get British lamb chops back onto American dinner plates has moved
a step nearer, Farming Minister George Eustice has announced at the National
Sheep Event.

Speaking at the opening of the flagship National Sheep Association (NSA) show in
Malvern, Worcestershire, the Minister of State will confirm the US Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has published proposals for consultation to relax import
restrictions on lamb that could generate an extra £35 million for the UK
economy.

This significant step forward means that British lamb is on track to be
available for US consumers by early 2017.

The move is the latest in ongoing efforts to allow Britain's farmers to start
exporting sheep meat to the United States' 300 million consumers.

A 1,000-page dossier was submitted to the USDA detailing the safety and quality
of British beef and lamb ahead of April's trade talks with US Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack in Washington.

Speaking at the NSA Sheep Event, Farming Minister George Eustice said: "The US
decision to press ahead with proposals to lift export restrictions on British
lamb is great news for our farmers who are one step closer to gaining access to
the lucrative American market, worth an estimated £35 million a year.

"Our world-leading food and drink industry is a key part of our nation's
economic success and in addition to forging good trade deals with our European
neighbours, we want to secure more export opportunities in the States as well as
with our close friends in the Commonwealth and other countries around the
world."

Defra is now co-ordinating UK farming industry comment for the 60-day
consultation and liaising with relevant US trade associations to gain support
for proposals.

NSA chief executive Phil Stocker said: "Increasing the number of export
destinations for British sheep meat is vital for our industry, ensuring there is
demand for our quality product in as many markets as possible.

"It is very encouraging that the USA is interested in opening its doors. Lamb
sales in the USA have dropped over the years, as a result of a falling domestic
production base, and NSA would like to see British lamb exported and promoted to
boost consumption. It could be a real opportunity for our sector."

NFU livestock board chairman Charles Sercombe said: "Re-opening the US beef and
lamb market to UK imports would be a positive move and an important confidence
building measure for the British livestock sector. The US is potentially a huge
and affluent market that has strong links to the UK as we share history and
language."

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday

Bigger food crops no match for rising demand;
Reports indicate farmers will have massive yields this year but added production
can barely keep up

BYLINE: PAUL WALDIE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; COMMODITIES; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 633 words


Global food prices fell for the first time in nearly a year last month, but the
reprieve won't last long and prices are already heading back up even as farmers
plant more crops than ever.

The UN Food and Agriculture Organization's Food Price Index fell 2.9 per cent in
March. That was the first monthly decline since last June and it marked a rare
halt to what had been a run of record highs.

The index, which tracks 55 commodities, dropped mainly because prices for most
grains and oilseeds fell in March as a result of turmoil in North Africa and the
earthquake in Japan. Both events raised concerns about the global economy and
food imports in those regions. As a result, prices for food staples such as
corn, soybeans and wheat began falling for the first time since last summer.

By the end of March those prices started turning back up. This week corn hit a
record high of $7.73 (U.S.) a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade, while wheat
and soybeans have jumped as much as 8 per cent in the past few days.

"It is very hard to think that we are out of the woods yet," said FAO senior
economist Abdolreza Abbassian, referring to food prices. "I think it's more
likely [the March index] was just a short-lived break in the increase."

Mr. Abbassian and others have been particularly surprised at how commodity
prices have started climbing even as several recent reports indicate farmers
will grow massive crops this year.

Farmers in the United States are expected to plant some of the largest corn and
soybean corps in history, according to figures released on Thursday by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Growers in Brazil and Argentina have also enjoyed
bumper harvests and wheat production is up in China, Russia and the Ukraine.
India is also enjoying strong rice harvests.

And yet, all that added production can barely keep up with demand. On the same
day the USDA predicted farmers will grow near record crops of corn and soybeans,
the agency said inventories of both are plummeting. The excess supply of corn
has dropped 15 per cent in the past year and is at a 15-year low. Soybean
inventories are at record lows and both crops are expected to remain in tight
supply this year. Canola inventories are also down, leaving wheat as one of the
few major grains still in decent supply. But that could change as farmers switch
from wheat to more lucrative crops.

"I think [low inventories are] going to be the supporting factor underpinning
prices all the way up to the harvest," Mr. Abbassian said. "Because there is no
sign of rationing irrespective of prices being so high."

Corn is by far the most important crop grown in the United States and the price
is being driven by three factors: ethanol production, exports to China and
demand from cattle ranchers who use corn in animal feed. All three are showing
no sign of slowing despite record prices. Ethanol is expected to consume up to
40 per cent of the U.S. corn crop, China keeps buying boat loads of corn and
cattle ranchers can afford to pay more for feed because meat prices are pushing
record highs.

"We have very tight stocks in corn," said Jerry Klassen, a Winnipeg-based
commodity analyst at GAP S.A. Grains & Products. He said corn needs to go $9 or
$10 a bushel before demand would be significantly affected. That's the price
where ranchers in particular would start to find other feed alternatives.

Low inventories also mean food prices will be vulnerable to even minor
disruptions such as flooding or droughts, said David Sparling, chair of
Agri-Food Innovation and Regulation at the Richard Ivey School of Business. Mr.
Sparling added that consumers should get used to long-term food inflation. "I
don't think there's any doubt that we are going to be seeing higher prices," he
said. "Everything is aligned."

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 13, 2004 Saturday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

"It's the year to grow things"

BYLINE: By REPPS HUDSON Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 430 words


* Missouri, Illinois harvest record corn and soybean crops

Illinois and Missouri are among 18 corn- and 12 soybean-producing states
reporting record yields this fall, the Agriculture Department said Friday.

"This is an unusual and amazing crop yield in the United States," said Mark
Schleusener, deputy director of the Illinois Agriculture Statistics Service.
"We're having a record sorghum yield in Illinois. Hay is good. Even apples did
well. It's the year to grow things."

Agriculture experts point to the relatively cool months of July and August,
followed by dry conditions for harvest in September and October, to explain in
part why these two cash commodity crops have performed so well this year.

Missouri soybean production is expected to be 227 million bushels, based on
estimates on Nov. 1, with a record yield of 46 bushels an acre. In Illinois, the
yield is put at 50 bushels an acre, also a record, with a statewide total of
492.5 million bushels.

Nationwide, farmers are expected to harvest a record 3.15 billion bushels of
soybeans, up 28 percent from last year's crop.

This news comes just days after researchers at Louisiana State University
discovered Asian soybean rust in two test plots. This is the first report of the
soybean-harming fungus in the United States.

The rust, if not contained by fungicides when the 2005 crop is growing, could
have devastating consequences for bean farmers. They have until next spring's
growing season to figure out how they will combat possible infestation.

Nationally, the corn crop is forecast at 11.7 billion bushels, up 28 percent
from last year. Missouri farmers are harvesting a record 453 million bushels,
with a record yield of 159 bushels an acre. The previous record, set in 2000,
was 143 bushels an acre.

In Illinois, another record yield is in the making at 180 bushels an acre.
Illinois farmers are bringing in nearly 2.1 billion bushels of corn, nearly 18
percent of the national crop.

The massive crops in both states are straining the infrastructure of local grain
elevators, where farmers sell or store their grain, and the rail distribution
system. In some areas, elevators have had to store corn on the ground or in
structures under temporary cover, which can cause some spoilage of the crop.

Corn in south central Illinois was selling late Friday at $1.78 a bushel, off a
penny; the March corn futures on the Chicago Board of Trade were $2.11, up 2
cents. The spot price for soybeans in central Illinois was $5.25 a bushel, up 6
cents; the March bean futures on the Chicago Board of Trade were $5.30, up
nearly 4 cents.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 1, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Corn Prices Strengthen, But Other Grains Drop

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 450 words


Expectations that a Federal grain reserve program will begin soon and reports of
fungus disease afflicting some of the corn crop triggered a late surge in corn
futures prices yesterday. Other grain prices declined on the Chicago Board of
Trade.

''There's been talk of a modest corn blight in southern Illinois, which set off
some strong commercial buying late in the day,'' said Conrad Leslie, grains
analyst with the Leslie Analytical Corporation in Chicago.

Analysts also attributed corn's strength to forecasts of abovenormal rainfall
that could delay harvest of the grain from what one analyst described as already
''soggy soil'' in the grain and soybean growing areas. Corn settled 2 1/2 cents
to 7 cents higher, with the contract for September delivery at $2.94 1/2 a
bushel.

Analysts attributed the decline in wheat futures prices to substantially
larger-than-expected September delivery notices. Wheat settled 3 cents to 1 cent
lower, with the contract for September delivery at $3.85 3/4 a bushel.

After the close of trading yesterday, the United States Department of
Agriculture announced that the Soviet Union had bought an additional 350,000
metric tons of wheat for delivery in 1981-82, the sixth year of a long-term
grain agreement with the United States.

Soybean futures prices settled lower except in the nearest contract month, in
which traders were swayed by forecasts of wet weather in the growing areas
during the next week, analysts said. Soybeans were 3 1/2 cents lower to 3 1/2
cents higher, with the contract for September delivery at $6.65 1/2 a bushel.

Oats futures finished mixed because of light deliveries in the nearest contract
month, analysts said. Oats settled 1 1/4 cents lower to 3 1/2 cents higher in
the nearest contract month, with September at $1.98 3/4 a bushel.

Livestock prices tumbled in what analysts said was a general reaction to a drop
in cash market prices and falling Treasury bill futures prices. Rates in the
money and bond markets rose as much as one-half of a percentage point Monday,
dashing any hope for a quick and sustained decline in interest rates.

Live cattle closed .28 cent to .58 cent lower with the contract for October
delivery at 66.92 cents a pound; feeder cattle were .40 cent to .90 cent lower,
with the September contract at 69.07 cents a pound; hogs were .77 cent to 1.03
cents lower with the October contract at 49.45 cents a pound, and pork bellies
settled 1.12 cents to 1.65 cents lower, with the February contract at 64.45
cents a pound.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 March 03, 2016

USAID Trains Two Million Nigerian Households in New Farming Methods

BYLINE: George Okoh

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: Makurdi


The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) has disclosed
that two million Nigerian households are undergoing training on various farming
methods in order to increase productivity in farming and moving small-time
farmers to commercial level farmers.

Speaking at the presentation of a tractor grant to Mbaikyor MPCS Ltd. by
USAID/Market II in Mano, Katsina-Ala Local Government Area, Managing Director of
USAID/Market II, Mr. Harvey Schartup disclosed that the Mbaikyor Multi purpose
cooperative society won the award after competitive assessments.

He said a key strategy of the Market II was to provide grants to farmers, who
are carefully selected with records of good agricultural performances. "We also
look at farmers who consider farming as a business; who demonstrate team work
and who can serve as model to others," he said.

Schartup also stated that the donation to the Mbaikyor society was a clear
indication that mechanised farming is a way of making Nigerian farmers develop
profitable commercial farming activities. "We are providing this tractor not
only to support the cooperatives and their members in furthering their own
production opportunities but also to allow them to develop a commercial tractor
business to service the other farmers in their communities."

Market II is to provide mechanisation and capacity building grants to 29 high-
performing farmer groups across the North, Middle belt and Southern regions of
Nigeria.

In his remarks, the Benue State Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. James Anbua,
represented by the Benue state Project Manager of Benue Agricultural and Rural
Development Authority (BNARDA) Mr. James Ker said the development of agriculture
cannot be done by government alone, as such the intervention by USAID is a
welcome development that should be emulate by others.

He said the Benue government is ready to cooperate with any organisation to
uplift the lives of the people of the state.

He urged the farmers to make use of the tractor donated to them by USAID.

Earlier in his welcome address, Managing Director of Egalf Venture Limited,
Prof. Lawrence Ega said, as contractors to USAID, the company had been involved
in the project from the beginning, adding that the project was aimed at
improving agricultural productivity, income, nutrition and the livelihood of the
farmers.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    January 20, 1993 Wednesday Final Edition

Ontario agriculture needs magic product, says OFA chief

SOURCE: THE SPECTATOR

BYLINE: Stories by Agnes Bongers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D16

LENGTH: 378 words


ROGER GEORGE is looking for the magic product that will save farmers and
agriculture.

The president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture figures it's out there.
It's just going to take someone with a lot of imagination and forward thinking
to come up with it -- a new yogurt, a peach product ... something.

Because without a magic product or two, agriculture in Ontario, in Canada, could
fade away into an industry focused on trucking food in from the United States,
he said.

Speaking to the annual meeting of the Fruit and Vegetable Growers' Association
yesterday in Hamilton, Mr. George explained how farming in this province has
stepped into a new era. This is an era of no government bailouts and an
increasingly competitive market created through free-trade agreements with the
United States, Mexico and the rest of the world through the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade.

The industry is going to have to scrutinize itself, to determine what it can do
best and stick to it.

And it's going to have to look beyond raw products to processing to come up with
innovative ideas that will keep it viable.

The only handouts that have to be put in place, Mr. George said, are the social
programs required for those farmers who cannot survive in this new climate. And
Mr. George anticipates there will be many of them.

'I recognize there will be casualties,' he said. 'We have to put in place safety
nets for those people.'

Not even farming's sacred cow, supply management, is immune to the trade winds
blowing into Canada, Mr. George said. It's expected that the number of dairy
farmers will drop in coming years, he said, and that chicken farmers will have
to find a way to break down provincial barriers to allow the industry to
survive.

'It's going to take some new thinking,' Mr. George said. For instance, the
Niagara peach crop damaged by hail might be used in processing instead of being
left on the trees to rot, he suggested.

'There are unlimited areas for growth in all sectors if we're willing to take
off the blinders.'

Mr. George urged farmers to lobby the Ontario government to ensure it
understands the importance of the industry.

'It's an inward-looking government that can't see beyond the bricks and mortar
of Toronto.'

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1993 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 22, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture Department Plans Cattle Identification System

BYLINE: Marc Kaufman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A13

LENGTH: 447 words


The Agriculture Department wants to implement a nationwide cattle identification
system as a way to better track the nation's herd after  the discovery of the
nation's first known case of mad cow disease.

Speaking yesterday before the House Committee on Agriculture, Agriculture
Secretary Ann M. Veneman said  the department has been studying how to organize
a cattle identification system for 18 months and now is looking to speed its
implementation.

"I understand the need to get it done quickly," Veneman said. But she also said
there is ongoing debate about whether there should be one system organized and
perhaps funded by the federal government, or whether the USDA should set
standards that cattle ranchers  and the meat industry can apply in a variety of
ways.

Highlighting the sense of urgency, Veneman said authorities have  been able to
locate only 24 of the 80 cows that came into the United States with the animal
later found to be infected with mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform
encephalopathy.

Federal officials want to find those animals because they came from the same
dairy herd in Alberta, Canada, as the sick cow and may have eaten the same
contaminated food believed to have caused the animal to become infected. With a
national identification system, it would be considerably easier to locate
individual animals.

The USDA reported yesterday that it had found one more of the animals that came
into the United States with the sick cow on a dairy facility in Boardman, Ore.,
near the Washington border. The farm was placed under quarantine.

Veneman said some meat retailers and restaurant chains such as McDonald's have
already begun identification programs of their own. Last fall, she said,
McDonald's began paying a higher price for beef that could be traced back to its
birth herd.

Veneman's comments came in answer to questions from Rep. Collin C. Peterson
(D-Minn.), who said a government-sponsored identification system has been tested
and is being used with about  1 million of the nation's 45 million cattle.
Peterson said the discovery of mad cow disease in Washington state made it
essential to get an identification system into place quickly, and he suggested
that the government require ranchers to use the one it helped develop several
years ago.

At the hearing, Veneman said that American consumers appear to be taking the mad
cow scare in stride, and that "retailers and food service outlets are reporting
virtually no adverse effects on consumer demand." She also said that the price
of cattle is now about 10 to 15 percent lower than before the contaminated
animal was found on Dec. 23, but that prices have been increasing in recent
weeks.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 20, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Corn and Soybeans Tumble On Report of Thriving Crops

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D;  Page 15;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 419 words


Corn and soybean futures prices slumped to their lowest levels in more than a
year yesterday after the Government said the crops were thriving in the warm,
humid Midwest.

The Agriculture Department rated 86 percent of the corn crop and 79 percent of
the soybeans in good-to-excellent condition as of Sunday. The marks were among
the highest for those crops since the department began the rating system in
1985, said Dale Gustafson, grain analyst with Smith Barney Shearson.

Corn for September delivery sank 3 1/2 cents on the Chicago Board of Trade, to
$2.21 3/4 a bushel, and August soybeans dropped 13 1/4 cents, to $5.99 1/4 a
bushel. Both contracts notched intraday lows that were the lowest for an active
contract since June 1993.

September wheat rose 2 1/4 cents, to $3.30 1/4 a bushel, amid concerns about
scab disease, a fungus, in the spring wheat crop. September oats slipped 3/4
cent, to $1.16 1/2 a bushel.

Green coffee beans for September delivery plunged 7.55 cents, to $2.335 a pound
on the New York Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange.

Stephen Platt of Dean Witter said the drop was part of a continuing correction
in coffee prices, which more than doubled to $2.74 a pound from June 24 to July
13 after two severe frosts in Brazil, the largest coffee producer.

Cold Forecast in Brazil

Losses were limited by forecasts for more cold weather in Brazil this weekend,
Mr. Platt said.

Silver and copper futures rose strongly on New York's Commodity Exchange,
reflecting simmering inflation fears and prospects for stronger European and
Chinese demand for copper as those economies pick up steam. Gold followed silver
higher.

August gold rose 90 cents, to $387.10 a troy ounce; September silver rose 7.3
cents, to $5.345 a troy ounce, and September copper rose 3.75 cents, to $1.162 a
pound.

In energy trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange, August light sweet crude
oil slipped 5 cents, to $19.46 a barrel, while September deliveries rose 14
cents, to $19.23 a barrel; August heating oil rose 0.64 cent, to 49.48 cents a
gallon; August unleaded gasoline rose 0.28 cent to 54.25 cents a gallon, and
August natural gas rose 1.4 cents, to $1.959 for 1,000 cubic feet.

In livestock trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, August live cattle fell
0.52 cent, to 68.80 cents a pound; August feeder cattle dropped 0.25 cent, to
78.80 cents a pound; August live hogs rose 0.27 cent, to 44.77 cents a pound,
and August frozen pork bellies rose 0.43 cent, to 32.75 cents a pound.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 4, 2013 Monday

Sustainable Farming? Really?

BYLINE: By Baxter Black, DVM

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 455 words


Most of the agricultural community watches the pied pipers of "Sustainable
Farming" the same way grandparents watch their grandkids play with toy trains.
We humor them but don't try to explain how real trains work. Many "Sustainable
Farming" proposals are the exact opposite of their name.

"Model T Farming," or "Third World Farming" or "Farming to Feed the Few" would
be more accurate.

As a caveat, I must credit those scientists seeking realistic solutions to
agriculture's booming production capabilities. However, the dream world lead by
Luddites and New Age gurus are proposing a return to farming methods used in the
first half of the 20th century. A time they describe as "not relying on toxic
chemicals, pesticides, synthetic fertilizer and genetically modified foods. A
time when animals moved freely, consumed a natural diet, and were not confined."

I do offer a tip of the hat to hobby farmers with a nice garden, some chickens
or 15 sheep as 4H projects. Their contribution is appreciated, but they realize
very quickly that they can't grow or raise enough to feed their families for a
fortnight, much less 50 of their urban neighbors. Which, of course, is the
elephant in the room.

After World War II the population of our country and our world began to explode!
In the 1970's scientists were increasingly convinced a new "Ice Age" was coming
and "Global Starvation" was imminent. But help was on the way. Monsanto, Dow,
John Deere, Pfizer, Monfort, Pioneer, plus a battalion of academic and privately
funded scientists had seen it coming and were already root-deep into research.
Their objective was to increase production of food and fiber from a decreasing
number of acres (a result of urban encroachment), AND keep it affordable for the
masses.

Look around you, my friends. They did it and saved the world.

In the last 50 years the United States and Canada have not only been able to
keep up with the sky-rocketing global demand for food, we have shared our
research and taught the 3rd World how to feed itself! THAT is what I call
"Sustainable Farming."

Agriculture, Great Grandpa's agriculture, before the advent of pesticides,
chemicals, antibiotics, concentrated feeding and genetically modified seed, was,
and is not "sustainable" by any definition.

I suggest we call the methods that the pied pipers promote, something that more
accurately describes their toy train idyllic vision. For the sake of clarity how
'bout "Subsistence Level Farming."*

*subsistence: syn. (Poverty, Insufficient, Hand to mouth) Roget's Thesaurus.

Baxter Black is a former New Mexico resident who spent his working days
tormenting cows. He now resides in Arizona and spends his free time tormenting
cowboys and the sports. www.baxterblack.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Baxter Black, DVM

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Farmers Independent (Bagley, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 13, 2010

Federal grant will allow U of M and partners to study economics of organic farm
transition

BYLINE: Farmers Independent staff

LENGTH: 453  words


Minnesota economists will study the economic costs associated with transitioning
from traditional to organic farming through a new $1.2 million grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The four-year project is aimed at gathering data about costs and returns for
farmers making the switch to organic farming, said Robert King, professor of
applied economics at the University of Minnesota and leader of the project. Data
will come from transitioning and recently certified organic farmers who enroll
in the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities Farm Business Management
Education program. The project also will develop print and online educational
materials that will help transitioning farmers make long-term planning
decisions.

U.S. producers are turning to certified organic farming systems as a potential
way to lower input costs, decrease reliance on nonrenewable resources, capture
high-value markets and boost farm income. While organic farming is among the
fastest-growing segments of agriculture, few public studies have been done on
the economic costs and returns for those who make the transition.

"As more and more farmers consider making the transition to organic production,
we're seeing that uncertainty about the costs of transitioning and the return on
those costs is a significant impediment, " King said. "Data about the
experiences and lessons learned from those who have made the transition will
help other farmers decide whether to make this change."

The project will include training on fundamentals of organic transition for the
71 instructors in the state colleges and universities system's Farm Business
Management Education program. The instructors will work closely with about 80
participating farmers over the life of the study to track farm financial
records, offer advice and develop benchmarks for future organic transitions. The
Minnesota Department of Agriculture will help identify and recruit transitioning
farmers to participate in the project and will administer scholarship awards,
which will cover up to 90 percent of the farmers' participation costs.
Individual farm data will be aggregated to ensure confidentiality, then analyzed
and shared locally and nationally through the Center for Farm Financial
Management's FINBIN website, as well as through publications and presentations
developed specifically for this project.

"The farmers who participate will gain a deeper understanding of their own
financial condition during the years of transition, " King said. "Their shared
experiences will also help other farmers developing transition plans, lenders
evaluating business plans and loan applications from transitioning farmers, and
policymakers assessing program needs."

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRM

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Farmers Independent


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 8, 1994, Wednesday

Gwinnett Today Enjoyment of exalted onion spreads far and wide

BYLINE: Elliott Brack

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 2

LENGTH: 478 words


For years now, you've heard us extol the wonders of the mighty Vidalia onion.
Yes, they are delicious. And we have learned that this year's crop, perhaps the
largest and best ever, is also the least expensive in some time.

We asked friends in the Agriculture Department why Vidalias are so cheap this
year.

"The price is improving," Commissioner Tommy Irvin told us, but he could shed no
light on reasons why. However, prices at supermarkets are still relatively low.

Did you know that it was Americans who introduced the onion to part of Japan? We
learned that recently from Tetsuji Banno, president and CEO of OKI telecom, the
big cellular phone maker in Suwanee.

Mr. Banno is from Hokkaido, an island of northern Japan.

"The island of Hokkaido was developed after a sort of civil war in Japan in
1868," he said. "Many of the defeated decided to immigrate to Hokkaido. The new
government was established after Shogunate and it was decided to develop the
island with the help of American advisers and consultants.

"Farming was established that was unique to any other part of the country.
Vegetables and fruits such as potatoes, asparagus, onions, apples and pears were
grown. Cattle and dairy farming was customary. Statistics show that because
dairy products were plentiful, the average body size of Hokkaidoites has been
bigger."

Then Mr. Banno comes to the onion.

"The onion is one of the vegetables passed on by the United States," he said.
"American agricultural experts advised the local farmers on how to grow onions
on this chilly island. In fact, in Japan the onion is distinctive to the island
of Hokkaido. When growing up, any time I was able to mingle in the larger cities
with people from other districts, I was often laughed at because of my diet
preference for onions. We had learned at an early age to use onions in almost
everything that we cooked.

"It was told that the Americans who helped develop Hokkaido were mainly from the
Northwest," he said, "but who knows, some of the people may have come from
Georgia."

Mr. Banno may not realize it, but one of the onion varieties that tries to
compete with Georgia's Vidalia comes from Washington state. It is grown in the
eastern part, near Walla Walla, and in fact is called the Walla Walla onion.
We've never bitten into a Walla Walla, but there have been tasting contests,
which, if we remember correctly, the Vidalia won hands-down.

As we all have our favorite recipes for the wonderful Vidalia, you might be
interested in how Mr. Banno enjoys his onions, drawing on his life in his native
Hokkaido.

"My way to cook the onion is in a frying pan with salt, pepper, margarine and my
secret ingredient - a dash of Japanese sake," he said. "It is delicious!"

Now that's a different ingredient in a recipe for the tasty Vidalia!

In the Georgia vernacular, "How about them onions?"

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941630026

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      March 26, 2001 Monday Final Edition

Canada prepares for the worst: Cattle ID system means Canada ahead of U.S.  in
readiness

SOURCE: CP

BYLINE: Scott Edmonds

SECTION: Top Copy; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 554 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg

Thanks to a new cattle identification system, Canada is likely in better shape
than the United States to deal with any outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease, say
officials.

The United States could be three years away from developing such a system, which
uses electronic tags and bar code tags to identify animals.

"They don't have the national infrastructure like we do in Canada to make it
happen as quickly," said Julie Stitt, general manager of the new Canadian Cattle
Identification Agency.

So far, North America appears to have escaped the outbreak which is raging
across Europe, leaving piles of burning animal carcasses in its wake.

If it does hit Canada or the United States, it could immediately put a halt to
exports. Canada exports more than half its beef.

Some Canadian livestock producers are so worried they have banned visitors from
their farms and cancelled trips to Europe.

But if foot-and-mouth does make its way across the Atlantic, the national
identification system, put in place in January, could help officials get a
handle on an outbreak and control it quickly. There was one in place in 1952,
the last time Canada had to battle foot-and-mouth.

That system was scrapped in 1985, but fears of mad-cow disease helped prompt the
industry to reintroduce it.

Stitt said the United States recognizes the need for such a system and has
started to move in a similar direction. The National Cattlemen's Beef
Association has set up a working group to study the concept and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is trying to drive it along, but it could take three
years to set up a system.

Even though the new tags have been available for only a few months in Canada,
Stitt estimates as many as half the country's calf herd of four million animals
may already have been tagged.

"There's been a huge demand for these tags and that's based on a program that
has soft enforcement now."

As of January, any animal that leaves its herd of origin in Canada is supposed
to have one of the tags. In July, slaughterhouses will start reading the tags.

The Canadian Food Inspection Agency says animal identification is a key to
tracing sick animals to root out an infection such as foot- and-mouth.

"They may have to go back and test and quarantine one herd as opposed to 100
herds," says Stitt.

The system only applies to beef cattle, but Dr. Blaine Thompson of the food
inspection agency says a system is needed for other animals as well.

The sheep industry, for example, has been fighting periodic outbreaks of
scrapie, a killing cousin of mad-cow disease that hits sheep and goats.

In the last year alone more than 4,000 animals have been killed in Quebec and
Manitoba to control the disease, which, unlike the bovine variety, cannot spread
to humans.

The sheep industry is still considering a plan for a national identification
system that would make tracing infected animals easier. Of the 4,000
slaughtered, most were healthy animals killed as a precautionary measure.

Europe has an elaborate animal identification system, and while it may not be
able to keep animal herds disease-free, it does make fighting outbreaks a lot
easier, said Stitt.

"We might think the numbers are high right now that they're having to kill, but
it could be a lot higher without an ID system."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: AP; Canadian agriculture officials hope this country can avoid
spectacles like the one above, showing the carcass of a cow being lowered onto a
pyre of slaughtered livestock to be burned in Monkokehampton, England.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 12, 2003, Saturday

BRUSSELS NOTEBOOK: PARTIAL-DECOUPLING IS NEW BUZZ WORD

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 762 words


There are growing signs that the Commission has accepted the need to alter its
decoupling plans.

Four months after it first put into play the concept of breaking the link
between aid and production a new term, partial decoupling, has emerged in
Brussels.

Inevitably no-one knows exactly what this means. But the one certainty is that
over the next six weeks or so the Commission is determined to secure a deal on
CAP reform.

By giving way on some of the more controversial aspects of decoupling it
believes this will allow it to clinch a deal relatively quickly, possibly even
by the June deadline set when the proposals were published in January.

The Special Committee on Agriculture (SCA), made up of senior member state
agriculture officials based in Brussels, has been debating partial decoupling
for some time.

They met again yesterday, armed with more knowledge of member state positions
from this week's farm council in Luxembourg. As things stand partial decoupling
could range from phasing in the policy over a number of years to implementing it
only for specific commodities or regions.

The betting at the moment is on arable payments being decoupled, with major
concessions on the livestock side.

This would satisfy the United States and others in the World Trade Organisation,
since in the battle over trade distorting subsidies grain is the most
contentious commodity. In an EU context the arable sector accounts for almost
half of CAP spending, so a decoupling deal would put the Commission well on its
way to securing radical change to the CAP over the next five years.

For beef and dairy farmers phased decoupling could be the worst of all options.
This would mean farmers would still have to keep livestock numbers to secure CAP
payments, but they would also have to cope with the market changes decoupling
would bring.

In short like all compromises this could deliver the worst of both options and
would increase rather than reduce red tape.

It would also allow uncertainty and speculation to continue, since farmers would
still have no firm knowledge of how decoupling would work when it was fully in
place.

The other option would be to protect grass based livestock production in key
regions. This could be for specific member states - unlikely - or limited to
less favoured areas.

A decoupled grassland premium could be paid as a per acre payment up to a
maximum stocking density. Such an approach would however create new anomalies
between farmers in the same area, even if a national envelope concept allowed
member state governments maximum flexibility.

The best approach would of course be a simple grassland premium.

Provision exists in the CAP reform rural development proposals for the
Commission to introduce aid for quality food production.

It could use this as a basis to offer higher entitlements for grass based
livestock production. This would also offset the unfair advantage those with
maize silage will enjoy because under CAP reform they will secure a decoupled
arable aid payment.

For Northern Ireland this would be a good deal, and it is one that might
persuade France and Ireland to support decoupling - although the Republic will
ultimately have to accept that it has for years over-produced beef and depended
on export refunds to dispose of it.

This means a reform deal without pain for Ireland will not overcome the problems
the Commission must tackle if the CAP is to be sustainable for the next ten
years.

This is why Ireland is so resolute in its opposition to decoupling, but for the
Commission the key to a deal is delivering thinking on decoupling which would be
acceptable to France.

This all sounds like a sensible way forward for the Commission and member
states. But there is one major problem, and that is the dairy sector.

The plan to base decoupled payments on quota held at 31 March 2004 has created
massive uncertainty, and already farmers are making business decisions on the
basis that the proposals will become reality.

That is however now looking increasingly doubtful. The Commission seems to be
retreating on its dairy plans.

It may even delay implementation until 2007 when the Agenda 2000 reforms will
end if their implementation is brought forward to 2004. This could see
decoupling agreed in principle for the dairy sector, but then put on ice for
three or four years.

This is fresh uncertainty dairy farmers could do without, but it does seem that
by the end of June, one way or the other, the way ahead will be more clear.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 12, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Grain and Soybeans Rally in Busy Trading

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 2; Page 49, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 465 words


Grain and soybean futures prices posted a broad rally in active trading
yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade.  Support in wheat prices came from
anticipation that the Soviet Union will be in the market for American wheat,
spurred by a an Agriculture Department report that the Soviet harvest is
expected to be poor, said Al London, a grain analyst in Chicago with
Conticommodity Services Inc.

The Agriculture Department also forecast a record winter wheat harvest for the
United States, but Mr. London said the report confirmed what traders already
suspected and prices failed to react.

Wheat was 5 cents to 7 1/4 cents higher with July at $3.50 1/4 a bushel; corn
was 1 3/4 cents to 4 1/2 cents higher with July at $2.77 1/2 a bushel; oats were
1/2 cent to 3 3/4 cents higher with July at $1.92 3/4 a bushel, and soybeans
were 13 cents to 15 cents higher with July at $6.45 1/2 a bushel.

Cattle prices were mostly lower and live hog and frozen pork bellies mixed on
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.  Trading in cattle was light and pressure came
from weaker prices for wholesale cash prices for choice grade beef, said Chuck
Levitt, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Shearson/ American Express. He said
prices for choice beef were driven down this week by cattlemen flooding the
market to take advantage of high prices.

Live hog futures were mixed after a week of unexpectedly high marketings.
Despite the heavy marketings, the contract for July was higher, indicating a
possible tightness of supply, Mr. Levitt said.

He added that traders were beginning to anticipate that the hog and pig
inventory report due to be released June 22 will show reduced inventory.

Frozen pork belly prices were mixed in what Mr. Levitt said was uncertainty
about supplies being put into cold storage. Trade on the cash market was slow.

Live cattle for delivery in June settled 0.32 cent lower at 71.75 cents a pound;
June live hogs settled 0.12 cent lower at 62.10 cents a pound, and July pork
bellies settled 0.83 cent lower at 76.92 cents a pound.

Sugar prices were higher and coffee lower on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa
Exchange in New York.  Sugar prices recovered from recent declines in what was
called a ''corrective'' move by Antoinette Mammaro, a tropical products analyst
in New York with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.

Coffee prices moved erratically during the day with trade selling pulling prices
down, she said.  Sugar for delivery in July settled 0.22 cent higher at 7.02
cents a pound; July coffee settled 0.20 cent lower at 138.76 cents a pound.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 17, 2004, Saturday

FALL IN US POTATO PRODUCTION

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 108 words


WINTER potato production in the United States for 2004 is forecast at 3.84
million cwt, down five per cent from a year ago and nine per cent below 2002.

Figures released by the United States Department of Agriculture show harvested
acreage in the two winter potato States (California and Florida) is estimated at
14,000 acres, down two per cent from 2003, while the average yield is forecast
at 274 cwt per acre, eight cwt below last year.

According to the USDA report, harvest is underway in California's Kern County
and proceeding normally. In Florida, mostly mild, dry fall weather provided good
conditions for crop development.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Creston News Advertiser (Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Three-State Beef Conference highlights options for the future of Iowa's cattle
herd

BYLINE: Jake Waddingham, The Creston News Advertiser, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 838 words


Jan. 16--The recent resurgence in the cattle market prices have revitalized the
beef industry, but left many farmers and experts questioning, is this the right
time to rebuild the nation's herd?

More than 70 area farmers and students attended the Three-State Beef Conference
at Southwestern Community College Tuesday night for three presentations that
covered supplementation strategies, forage systems and financial impacts of
fertility and infertility in the current cattle market.

"It is really remarkable the prices we are seeing," said Dan Hanrahan, who farms
about 120 head of cattle with his parents in Madison County. "This year has
really been a bright spot for us."

The United States Department of Agriculture's highest estimate of income loss
for Iowa corn and soybean farmers is $2.6 billion. Offsetting those losses are
profits that grain producers locked in earlier this year and the improved
profitability of the livestock industry.

Farmers are weighing the option of selling their high-priced heifers or holding
them back to build their operation numbers.

"If we are going out and buying replacement females, we should be buying females
that are elite or at least an upgrade from what we currently have in our
production system," said Patrick Gunn, animal science assistant professor at
Iowa State University.

Tom Frey of Creston Livestock Auction said his numbers have held steady and the
market prices remain high, making replacement costs for the herd higher.

"It is a direct reflection on the low numbers of cattle because of the recent
drought, high corn prices and high grain prices," Frey said. "This is a heavier
swing than normal. It has us down to the lowest number of cows since the 1940s
and 1950s."

Frey added that several farmers plowed up pasture to switch it to row crops to
take advantage of the high commodity prices.

"If the heifer is a dramatic upgrade over what you have in terms of genetic
potential, then maybe that is a pretty easy pill to swallow," Gunn said. "If you
are not making significant upgrades in terms of what they can bring to your
herd, maybe that is a little pricey in this day and age."

Return investment

Calving season is quickly approaching for a majority of area farmers. Then
farmers will have to decide how many cows they will need to replace for the next
year.

Iowa State University is developing a tool online to help farmers compare
raising or buying replacement heifers for their operation. Users can plug in
fields like weight and current market prices so the computer can calculate the
animal's value.

The biggest factor is how long the new heifer is going to stay in the herd and
actively reproduce to turn a profit.

"It is not the end of the world if we have open females as yearlings," Gunn
said. "Once we get a calf out of them and they come up open as two year olds,
that is when we are going to show where it really starts to hurt your pocketbook
if you are stringently calling open cows every year."

Gunn also encouraged farmers to look into tightening their breeding window.

"Those females that conceive in the first 21 days of calving season stick around
longer and make you more money, plain and simple," Gunn said. "Their longevity
is about 1.7 more years than those females that conceive after 43 days of the
breeding season."

But no matter how good the cow is, Gunn said if she dies on the farm, she is
very unlikely to garner any profit. Around 50 percent of the cow's return is
tied up in her salvage value.

Safe practices

Gunn said a lot of farmers have neglected annual tests like the breeding
soundness exam (BSE) for cows to avoid another veterinary charge.

"If you get one more cow pregnant because you do a BSE, it is well worth the
money spent," Gunn said.

Another problem area Gunn highlighted was trichomoniasis in nonvirgin bulls. The
venereal disease can be transmitted during the breeding season and kill the
embryo late in the breeding season.

In order to establish a healthy herd that has a reliable fertility rate, testing
the cows and bulls annually can relieve farmers of open females or complicated
births.

"Some females are not destined to be momma cows," Gunn said. "That is my biggest
concern right now with the market, is that anything with four legs and a vulva
is being inseminated. That doesn't mean it is an upgrade for some people's
breeding plans."

Gunn said the current prices favor farmers trying something new in their
management practices. That way they don't have to take a risk if the prices
decline or if a drought raises input costs.

"We are still looking at pretty close to $2 cattle for the foreseeable future,"
Gunn said. "If a drought hits again, it is going to shake things up considerably
on the annual cost ... but I think in terms of total number of cows, total
number of calves, it is going to be pretty profitable for the next three or four
years."

___ (c)2015 the Creston News Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) Visit the Creston News
Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) at www.crestonnewsadvertiser.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150116-IK-Three-State-Beef-Conference-highlights-options-for-the-future-of-Iow
a-s-cattle-herd-0116-20150116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IK


                   Copyright 2015 The Creston News Advertiser


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal

                            December 2, 2005, Friday

Mississippi farmers spend more, grow less

BYLINE: By Emily Le Coz

LENGTH: 526 words



Higher fuel and fertilizer costs boosted the expense of farming this year while
hurricanes and dry spells decreased the amount harvested.

In other words, more went in but less came out.

All the state's major row crops experienced lower yields per acre this year than
they did in 2004, according to a report by the United States Department of
Agriculture.

Per-acre cotton yields fell by 16 percent, rice by 5.8, soybeans by 4 and
corn/grain by 2.2.

Northeast Mississippi fared about the same or better than the rest of the state,
said several agricultural experts.

"Those numbers are pretty accurate," said area agronomy agent Charlie Stokes.
"We don't have any rice, and I saw a little cotton that did a bit better than
that. But corn as far as yield per acre came fairly close. As for cotton, a lot
of it got beat out of the bolls from Hurricane Katrina."

Katrina caused a lot of damage to crops elsewhere in the state but only mildly
affected growers here. In the case of soybeans, the heavy rains actually
provided much needed moisture, said Alan Blaine, soybean specialist with the
Mississippi State University Extension Service.

"In Northeast Mississippi, the yield per acre for soybeans is actually higher
than last year," Blaine said. "We hate that the hurricane came through the rest
of the state, but Northeast Mississippi crops benefited."

High winds, flooding

Not all benefited. High winds from the Aug. 29 storm flooded many fields and
blew down tall stalks of corn, contributing in part to the nearly 19 percent
drop in corn production statewide.

But farmers also opted not to plant as much corn this year due to high
fertilizer costs, said Erick Larson, corn and small grains specialist with MSU's
Extension Service.

"We also had a very wet planting season during March and through mid April,
which prohibited farmers from planting corn," he said. "But had it not been for
Hurricane Katrina, our yields per acre would have been extremely close or
exceeded last year's record highs."

Production was also down statewide for all crops except rice, which increased by
6.2 percent. Soybeans dropped by 8.1 and cotton by 10.2.

"We had hot temps and dry weather," said Tom Barber, cotton specialist with the
MSU Extension Service. "That set us back a little bit."

Most experts ranked this year's harvest a 6 or 7 on a scale from 1 to 10, saying
it could have been better but it could have been worse.

But whatever the outcome, Stokes said, all farmers felt a pinch due to higher
costs of petroleum, which is used to make diesel fuels and most fertilizers.

"Fertilizers have gone up, diesel fuel to harvest the crop was astronomical, if
it could be found," he said. "Yeah, it's going to hurt."


-----

To see more of Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: TP-FARMERS-20051202

JOURNAL-CODE: TP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
               Copyright 2005 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Port Lincoln Times

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday

GRAINassist THE monthly United States

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 433 words


GRAINassist

THE monthly United States Department of Agriculture World Agricultural Supply
and Demand report was released last week, and despite the fall in production
numbers of wheat, the wheat price fell as trade was expecting a bigger cut.

US 11/12 wheat stocks were down 40million bushels, and the projected 12/13
stocks were down 41 million bushels, but still the trade was looking for more so
the news was viewed as bearish, and wheat fell 14 USc/Bu overnight.

Soybeans also fell; 11/12 stocks are now at 175 million bushels after having
fallen a surprising 35 million bushels, and projected 12/13 stocks were back to
140 million bushels, falling five million bushels.

Along with doubts surrounding second crop soybean acre numbers, this fall in
stocks was seen as bullish, and soybeans jumped 10USc/Bu by the end of trade.

Perhaps the biggest shock to trade was US corn stocks remaining unchanged for
both old and new crop.

The increase in corn for ethanol usage was offset by the decrease in exports and
an increase in production.

Another lot of bearish news for corn, which is now trading at 584 USc/Bu, after
spending much time trading on par with wheat.

However weather has caused a large week on week deterioration in US corn crops,
with a fall of 6% (to 66%) of good to excellent crops conditions and this may
not have been factored into the USDA report, having being announced on the same
day.

While the US situation largely dictates the markets and prices that Aussie
farmers receive for their grain, the increased US crop production year on year
could soon be overshadowed on the market by the global production estimates.

Un.favourable weather has hampered much of the globe in each of their different
seasons.

Up until last week, Australia has had a very dry start to their seeding program,
with parts of Victoria still missing out on the rain forecast for this week.

The US has had unusually warm and dry weather, deteriorating the condition of
wheat crops being currently harvested, and having adverse effects on new crop or
lessening potential for second crop in the area.

Russian production estimates are continually being lowered after drought
conditions, and the trade is watching this one very closely, as Russia is known
to undercut the US export market in good harvest years, forcing US and Aussie
prices down.

June, July and August will be volatile months as crops move through vital
maturing stages overseas, and begin to emerge in Australia, with the
unpredictable La Nina weather pattern still holding on tight.

n Submitted by Belinda-Jane Clark GRAINassist Grain Brokers Eyre Peninsula

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            January 15, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

COLD DAMAGE TO CROPS MINIMAL

BYLINE: By SUSAN SALISBURY Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 461 words


Freezing temperatures caused bananas to split open in Loxahatchee, browned
thousands of acres of sod and ruined some sweet corn in the Glades, but overall
the prolonged cold snap did not devastate Palm Beach County's farms and
nurseries.

Although almost all the county's 250 farms and 600 nurseries were affected, much
of the damage is believed to be minimal, preliminary assessments indicate,
agricultural extension agents said Thursday.

"Even next week we will still not know the entire ramifications for sugar cane
and citrus. It will be weeks," said Steve Berk, district director of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency in West Palm Beach.

After further evaluations are made, the local agency will make its final reports
and submit them to U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack. Gov. Charlie Crist
can request a disaster declaration, then it's up to Vilsack to make the
decision.

Palm Beach County produces most of the winter vegetables grown in the United
States. In 2008-09, its veggie crops were valued at $260 million at the farm
level. Sugar cane accounts for the bulk of its 466,000 acres of commercial
agriculture.

Disastrous or not, the conditions the cold brought could become legendary, with
both ice and frost prevalent in the Belle Glade area. The cold snap began Jan.
2, with sub-freezing temperatures occurring Jan. 6-7 and Jan. 10-13.

David Sui, Palm Beach County extension agent for vegetables and tropical fruit,
estimated the sweet corn losses at 30 percent to 40 percent for corn that was
close to maturity. The wind and freezing temperatures combined hurt corn, green
beans, squash, winter melons, cucumbers and similar vegetables.

"Other crops like lettuces, arugula and basil suffered as well, but not as
badly," Sui said, estimating those losses at 20 percent to 30 percent.

Rick Roth, president of Roth Farms east of Belle Glade, said that despite the
low of 25 degrees at his farm Monday, he's encouraged by how the crops look.

"You are going to lose some sugar cane yield, but it will not be a devastating
loss," Roth said.

Ornamental crops such as bedding plants were hit hard in some cases, with as
many as 70,000 young plants ruined at a Loxahatchee nursery, extension agents
said. Sod sales will slow until new growth sprouts and the sod is green again.
The county has about 12,000 acres of sod farms.

Berk said that if a disaster is declared, federal aid programs kick in, but
unlike past programs, eligibility will not be based on how much of an individual
crop is lost. Instead, an individual farm's entire operation, including its
total revenue and production, will be considered.

"With this type of damage, there have been some losses out there, in some case,
substantial losses," Berk said.

~susan_salisbury@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                    December 27, 2003 Saturday Final Edition

U.S. tracks source of diseased cow

SOURCE: The Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Gina Teel

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: CALGARY

CALGARY -- The birthplace of the dairy heifer with the first confirmed case of
mad cow disease in the United States could be identified in a matter of days,
and Canada is among the possible sources, U.S. Department of Agriculture
officials said yesterday.

However, officials admit "there is a tangled web of different possibilities" as
to where the cow came from.

Ron DeHaven, the department's chief veterinarian, said Canada is on the list
because of the significant cross-border trade in animals prior to the U.S. ban
on such imports May 20, following the detection of a single case of bovine
spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) -- or mad cow disease -- in Alberta.

However, Mr. DeHaven noted the infected animal responsible for bringing the
country's $27-billion cattle industry to a halt could have just as easily been
born in the U.S.

"It's premature to speculate whether the animal might have or might not have
originated from Canada," he said in a conference call with reporters.

This week, the U.S. confirmed its first case of mad cow disease in a Holstein
heifer in Mabton, Washington, after independent tests by world specialists in
England came back positive.

The U.S. is scrambling to locate the birth herd of the slaughtered cow, since it
likely was infected from eating contaminated feed, Mr. DeHaven said. The
investigation focuses on two dairy heifer finishing facilities in Washington
state.

On Tuesday, investigators quarantined the 4,000-head dairy herd which contained
the infected cow and one of her three calves.

A second dairy herd in Sunnyside, Washington, was quarantined yesterday. That
herd contains a young bull calf recently born to the infected Holstein cow. The
third calf died after birth.

Prior to May 20, Canada exported 80,000 registered Holstein heifers annually to
the U.S. -- its largest customer.

Canadian beef industry officials said yesterday the optics of having another
case of the deadly brain wasting disease would deal a huge blow to Canada's
struggling beef industry.

More than 30 countries shut their borders to Canadian beef and cattle on May 20,
costing the beef industry about $1.9 billion in lost exports to date.

"I don't want to wish anybody bad luck, but we'll certainly be better off if the
animal wasn't born here," said Neil Jahnke, president of the Canadian
Cattlemen's Association.

Arno Doerksen, chairman of the Alberta Beef Producers, said this latest bout of
uncertainty couldn't have come at a worse time.

"We're just at the point where we were starting to see some progress with moving
product back into the U.S.," Mr. Doerksen said. "We're back into another round
of uncertainty on how the markets will respond."

But the uncertainty will likely continue for some time, as American officials
were uncertain yesterday if the infected Holstein was even registered.

Most large U.S. dairies don't keep up the registration papers once they purchase
the animals, which makes tracing the slaughtered animal difficult, said John
Iversen, national director of the Alberta Holstein Association.

"I would think at this point that if there was any identification of the animal,
they would know by now," Mr. Iversen said.

Dr. Brian Evans, chief veterinary officer at the Canadian Food Inspection
Agency, said these types of investigations are very dependent on record-keeping.
Accordingly, he said the investigation may take longer than the couple of days
Mr. DeHaven suggested. He added that Canadian vaccination tags are clearly
marked on the back.

"Certainly if there was any indication that the slaughtered animal bore such a
tag, it would have been made clearly early on," Mr. Evans said.

Meanwhile, Canada doesn't plan to broaden its limited ban on some beef imports
from the U.S. But a number of other countries have announced full scale bans of
American beef imports.

Yesterday, Colombia, Argentina, Peru, Venezuela, Uruguay, Nicaragua and Costa
Rica joined Mexico, Brazil and Chile, which had announced similar measures
earlier this week. Egypt, Indonesia, Vietnam and Ukraine also announced measures
yesterday to keep out American beef imports.

Japan, the largest market for U.S. beef, taking $1.3 billion worth of beef and
veal, announced a ban earlier this week. It was followed by South Korea and
Mexico, the second and third largest consumers of U.S. beef by value.

Japan, South Korea and Mexico accounted for the bulk of $2.6 billion U.S. in
beef export sales in 2002.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 18, 2010 Friday

Rains interrupt fieldwork throughout the state

BYLINE: Maggie Borman, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words


Jun. 18--The spotty rains continued the week of June 7, interrupting fieldwork
in many parts of the state and delaying the last of the soybean planting.

However, producers continued spraying corn and soybeans and bailing hay as
weather permitted, according to the United States Department of Agriculture's
weekly weather and crop report.

Temperatures averaged 73.4 degrees, 2.6 degrees above normal across the state.
Statewide precipitation averaged 1.50 inches, 0.56 inches above normal, with 2.8
days suitable for field work.

Corn emergence is at 98 percent compared to 87 percent last year and 96 percent
for the five-year average. The average corn height of the Illinois corn crop is
well above last year's height and the five-year average, at 28 inches.

At this time last year 71 percent of the soybean crop was in the ground, and
this year, 91 percent of the bean crop was planted, according the Illinois
Agriculture Association news service.  81 percent of the soybean crop has
emerged compared to last year's emergence of 45 percent.

The first cutting of Alfalfa last week was at 77 percent compared to 76 percent
the week before and 59 percent at the same time last year. The second cutting of
alfalfa last week was at 10 percent compared to 5 percent the week before and 8
percent last year.

Red clover saw a 60 percent cutting last week compared to 52 percent the week
before and 45 percent last year.

To see more of The Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetelegraph.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100618-AI-Rains-interrupt-fieldwork-throughout-the-state-0618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2010 The Telegraph


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 9, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Wheat and Corn Prices Increase As Rain Hurts Spring Planting

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D;  Page 20;  Column 1;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 395 words


Wheat and corn prices rose strongly yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade as
rain further hampered spring wheat planting in the northern Plains and corn
sowing in the Midwest.

Livestock and soybeans led other commodity prices lower. The Commodity Research
Bureau's index of 21 commodities fell 0.89 point, to 232.62.

Wheat for May delivery rose 5 cents, to $3.575 a bushel.

Unless the weather turns substantially drier soon in the key spring wheat states
of Minnesota and North Dakota, farmers there will have to consider planting
soybeans, sunflowers or canola instead, analysts said.

"They have one and a half to two weeks left before they're going to have to go
ahead and plant something else," said Bill Biedermann, research director for the
futures brokerage firm of Allendale Inc.

The spring wheat crop in the United States was 23 percent planted as of Sunday,
compared with the five-year average of 67 percent for that date, the Agriculture
Department said in a weekly report released after the close of trading
yesterday.

Rainy forecasts threaten further delays for the crop, which is off to its
slowest start since 1979.

Spring wheat, which generally accounts for about one-third of American wheat
production, is a hard variety used mainly for bread. It is normally planted in
early spring and harvested in late summer or early autumn.

Late-planted spring wheat is subject to a double weather threat. If sown later
than May, the plants go through their vulnerable head-forming stage in July and
August, when excessive heat can harm them. The same plants then face a frost
threat as they mature in September and October.

Corn planting was 20 percent complete Sunday, compared with the norm of 43
percent, the Agriculture Department said. May corn rose 2.5 cents, to $2.5225 a
bushel.

Soybeans can be sown on Midwestern acres too wet for timely corn planting. The
prospect of increased soybean production helped push May soybean futures down
4.75 cents yesterday, to $5.5875 a bushel.

Livestock futures fell sharply on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, reflecting
abundant supplies of market-ready cattle and hogs.

Live cattle for June delivery plunged 1.5 cents, the permitted daily limit, to
59.25 cents a pound; May feeder cattle also fell 1.5 cents, to 63.10 cents a
pound, and June live hogs sank 1.17 cents, to 40.05 cents a pound.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Carroll News (Hillsville, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Morgan to be sentenced as USDA takes action

BYLINE: Allen Worrell, The Carroll News, Hillsville, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


Feb. 23--With a federal sentencing hearing still pending against a former
employee of the company, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
filed an administrative action under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act
(PACA) against Andrews Farming, Inc. of Hillsville.

According to the USDA, the Hillsville company allegedly failed to make payment
to 11 produce sellers in the amount of $513,226 from December 2014 through June
2015.

"Andrews Farming Inc. will have an opportunity to request a hearing. Should USDA
find that the company committed repeated and flagrant violations, it would be
barred from the produce industry for two years," the USDA said in a press
release dated Feb. 9. "Furthermore, its principals could not be employed by or
affiliated with any PACA licensee for one year and then only with the posting of
a USDA-approved surety bond."

The USDA measure takes place at the same time a former accountant and bookkeeper
of the company, Robert Donald Morgan III, awaits a sentencing hearing on March 2
at 10:30 a.m. in Abingdon before Judge James Jones. According to Brian McGinn,
Public Affairs Specialist with the U.S. Attorney's Office of the Western
District of Virginia, Morgan pled guilty to one count of bank fraud and one
count of willfully failing to collect, account for or pay taxes in September
2015.

At the time charges were filed against Morgan in April of 2015, an article from
The Associated Press stated that an affidavit filed by a U.S. Secret Service
agent claimed Morgan stole more than $66,000 from Andrews Farming Inc., which is
located in the Carroll County Industrial Park in Hillsville.

"The affidavit says Morgan forged the company president's name of business
checks he made out to himself," the 2015 AP article stated. "He also allegedly
deposited a check from the company's insurance carrier into his personal
account."

The investigation of the case was conducted by the United States Secret Service,
the Virginia State Police, the Carroll County Sheriff's Office and the United
States Marshals Service.

Keith Andrews, owner and CEO of Andrews Farming Inc. and its sister company,
ANDCO Logistics, Inc., declined to comment when contacted for this article. Both
companies joined Carroll County officials Oct. 21, 2014 in announcing a plan to
invest more than $5.6 million to expand their agricultural production,
warehousing and distribution operation in Carroll County. The Virginia Economic
Development Partnership worked with Carroll County, the Carroll County
Industrial Development Authority, and Virginia's aCorridor to help secure the
project for Virginia. The Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community
Revitalization Commission approved $225,000 in Tobacco Region Opportunity Funds
for the project.

As part of the performance agreement with the Tobacco Commission and the Carroll
County IDA, Andrews Farming and ANDCO Logistics moved their operations to the
Carroll County Industrial Park in Hillsville. According to the agreement, the
space is leased by the Carroll County IDA to Virginia Produce and subleased to
Andrews Farming until April 30, 2018. Carroll County holds collateral, according
to the performance agreement, of $266,494 from the company in the event the
$225,000 Tobacco Commission funds cannot be repaid.

The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), PACA Division, regulates fair trading
practices of produce companies operating subject to PACA, which includes buyers,
sellers, commission merchants, dealers, and brokers within the fruit and
vegetable industry. All oversight of actions related to PACA are conducted by
AMS, an agency within USDA. PACA establishes a code of good business conduct for
the produce industry. Under it, all interstate traders in fresh and frozen
fruits and vegetables must be licensed by USDA. USDA is authorized to suspend or
revoke a trader's license for violating the act.

Allen Worrell can be reached at (276) 779-4062 or on Twitter@AWorrellTCN

___ (c)2016 The Carroll News (Hillsville, Va.) Visit The Carroll News
(Hillsville, Va.) at www.thecarrollnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160223-1HV-Morgan-to-be-sentenced-as-USDA-takes-action-0223-20160223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1HV


                        Copyright 2016 The Carroll News


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

Are the EPA's GM standards good enough?

                             July 31, 2003 Thursday

Harish Mehta


IT SEEMS that not everything is going the way of Monsanto, the giant US gene
corporation. The company asked the United States Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) to approve its new pesticide, Bacillus Thuringiensis (Cry3Bb1), and an
accompanying genetically modified (GM) material.

These are intended to control the corn rootworm, a pest that attacks corn crops,
and promises bumper harvests to farmers all over the world. The EPA said in
April that it had completed a thorough study of the pesticide and, in general,
found it was not hazardous. But the same EPA report has raised serious
questions, and asked Monsanto to clarify them. Chiefly, these are: Monsanto has
not provided sufficient data on how the pesticide would affect bird life. The
EPA has asked it to conduct detailed tests on birds, on the pirate bug, a ground
beetle, and a redweed beetle. Further, Monsanto has been asked to conduct tests
to determine the long-range effects on the ecosystem and the soil.

Tests on birds and beetles could be done very quickly but, given the EPA's
caution, the tests on the general ecosystem should take decades. Yet Monsanto's
product is likely to be on the market within months, just as its earlier
products have won approval, thus rendering the entire ecosystem study of mere
academic interest. Monsanto, after all, enjoys the solid backing of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA), which participated in major
agricultural studies with the company, both of whom have a solid financial
interest in establishing American domination over world agriculture. Between May
1995 and February 2003, the EPA approved nine GM pesticides for use in the US,
and for export.

What's happening in the US is of global concern because the US produces most of
the GM products. It is a small mercy that the EPA continues raising concerns
over health issues. For instance, the movement of genes from the host plant into
other plants has been a cause for concern. GM cotton is capable of transferring
genes. Known as gene flow, cross-pollination of wildly growing relatives of
cotton can disrupt a local ecosystem by changing the make-up of local plants,
crowding out related species, and changing the local habitat.

Less risk of cross-pollination exists in the US than in tropical countries where
the relatives of most of these crops are found. In the case of GM Bacillus
Thuringiensis (Bt cotton), where the potential for gene flow did exist, the EPA
restricted the planting of this crop in order to reduce the risk. That was a
small victory for those who fear the effects of GM crops. Dr Anne Fairbrother,
an internationally known ecologist, asks: What if those genes escape? Will they
cause unintended ecological effects, or be harmless once outside of the
agricultural system?

In another move, the EPA has banned Bt cotton, which easily passes to Gossypium
Tomentosum, a type of wild cotton growing in Hawaii. The EPA order says: Test
plots or breeding nurseries in Hawaii must be surrounded by 12 border rows of
non-Bt cotton if the plot is less than 10 acres, or 24 border rows if the plot
is over 10 acres, and must not be planted within a quarter-mile of Gossypium
Tomentosum. The idea of fencing off GM crops from others is most welcome.

The EPA has evaluated the danger of gene transfer to the soil, particularly to
bacteria inhabiting the soil, and has found it to be a cause for concern. What
is of even greater worry is that many of these potentially dangerous products
will enter the market even before the EPA has completed its own studies. One
such study into the potential for the GM crops to breed with related crops that
are found near them will be ready by 2005. A second area of study is the
potential environmental effect of GM crops containing insecticidal toxins. These
protein toxins are genetic additions to the plants which have been incorporated
to protect against specific insect pests. Yet another EPA study to measure the
risk of unintended and unexpected adverse impact on organisms and ecosystems
will be ready by 2008.

The EPA regulates GM pesticides under two laws: the Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), and the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics
Act. Before a pesticide can be marketed and used in the US, FIFRA requires that
EPA evaluate the proposed pesticide thoroughly to ensure that the pesticide will
not pose unreasonable risks of harm to human health or the environment. The
question is: Are these risk evaluations good enough for the rest of the world?

Harish Mehta, a writer based in Toronto, contributed this article to BT

SECTION: VIEWS AND OPINIONS; The Bottomline

LENGTH: 769 words

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

Are the EPA's GM standards good enough?

                             July 31, 2003 Thursday

Harish Mehta


IT SEEMS that not everything is going the way of Monsanto, the giant US gene
corporation. The company asked the United States Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) to approve its new pesticide, Bacillus Thuringiensis (Cry3Bb1), and an
accompanying genetically modified (GM) material.

These are intended to control the corn rootworm, a pest that attacks corn crops,
and promises bumper harvests to farmers all over the world. The EPA said in
April that it had completed a thorough study of the pesticide and, in general,
found it was not hazardous. But the same EPA report has raised serious
questions, and asked Monsanto to clarify them. Chiefly, these are: Monsanto has
not provided sufficient data on how the pesticide would affect bird life. The
EPA has asked it to conduct detailed tests on birds, on the pirate bug, a ground
beetle, and a redweed beetle. Further, Monsanto has been asked to conduct tests
to determine the long-range effects on the ecosystem and the soil.

Tests on birds and beetles could be done very quickly but, given the EPA's
caution, the tests on the general ecosystem should take decades. Yet Monsanto's
product is likely to be on the market within months, just as its earlier
products have won approval, thus rendering the entire ecosystem study of mere
academic interest. Monsanto, after all, enjoys the solid backing of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA), which participated in major
agricultural studies with the company, both of whom have a solid financial
interest in establishing American domination over world agriculture. Between May
1995 and February 2003, the EPA approved nine GM pesticides for use in the US,
and for export.

What's happening in the US is of global concern because the US produces most of
the GM products. It is a small mercy that the EPA continues raising concerns
over health issues. For instance, the movement of genes from the host plant into
other plants has been a cause for concern. GM cotton is capable of transferring
genes. Known as gene flow, cross-pollination of wildly growing relatives of
cotton can disrupt a local ecosystem by changing the make-up of local plants,
crowding out related species, and changing the local habitat.

Less risk of cross-pollination exists in the US than in tropical countries where
the relatives of most of these crops are found. In the case of GM Bacillus
Thuringiensis (Bt cotton), where the potential for gene flow did exist, the EPA
restricted the planting of this crop in order to reduce the risk. That was a
small victory for those who fear the effects of GM crops. Dr Anne Fairbrother,
an internationally known ecologist, asks: What if those genes escape? Will they
cause unintended ecological effects, or be harmless once outside of the
agricultural system?

In another move, the EPA has banned Bt cotton, which easily passes to Gossypium
Tomentosum, a type of wild cotton growing in Hawaii. The EPA order says: Test
plots or breeding nurseries in Hawaii must be surrounded by 12 border rows of
non-Bt cotton if the plot is less than 10 acres, or 24 border rows if the plot
is over 10 acres, and must not be planted within a quarter-mile of Gossypium
Tomentosum. The idea of fencing off GM crops from others is most welcome.

The EPA has evaluated the danger of gene transfer to the soil, particularly to
bacteria inhabiting the soil, and has found it to be a cause for concern. What
is of even greater worry is that many of these potentially dangerous products
will enter the market even before the EPA has completed its own studies. One
such study into the potential for the GM crops to breed with related crops that
are found near them will be ready by 2005. A second area of study is the
potential environmental effect of GM crops containing insecticidal toxins. These
protein toxins are genetic additions to the plants which have been incorporated
to protect against specific insect pests. Yet another EPA study to measure the
risk of unintended and unexpected adverse impact on organisms and ecosystems
will be ready by 2008.

The EPA regulates GM pesticides under two laws: the Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), and the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics
Act. Before a pesticide can be marketed and used in the US, FIFRA requires that
EPA evaluate the proposed pesticide thoroughly to ensure that the pesticide will
not pose unreasonable risks of harm to human health or the environment. The
question is: Are these risk evaluations good enough for the rest of the world?

Harish Mehta, a writer based in Toronto, contributed this article to BT

SECTION: VIEWS AND OPINIONS; The Bottomline

LENGTH: 769 words

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                November 3, 2002

Aim is to become a leader in Africa

BYLINE: Eamonn Ryan

SECTION: Economy, Business & Finance; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 772 words


NEW HORIZONS: African growth has paid off, says Louis Wolthers

Aim is to become a leader in Africa

Group wants to acquire cotton and grain businesses throughout continent, writes

AFGRI expects its African operations - comprising cotton farms and gins in
Zambia and Uganda and a grain business in Zambia - to make a sizeable
contribution to group earnings over the next few years.

Afgri managing director Jeff Wright recently outlined the group's intent to
become the leading agri-services group within Africa.

Afgri is on the lookout for new acquisitions throughout the region to expand
itscotton and grain businesses. These will serve as platforms for the expansion
into Africa of other group services, such as financing and scientific
agricultural services.

Afgri Products is the group's main vehicle for expansion into Africa. Through
its subsidiary Clark Cotton, it is involved in commodity trading in Zambia, and
cotton production and ginning in Zambia, Swaziland and Uganda.

Clark Cotton recently acquired a cotton gin in Uganda to serve the East African
and Indian markets, adding to its existing two gins in Zambia.

Nearly one-third of Clark Cotton's earnings are now generated in Zambia and
Uganda, but new acquisitions under consideration in countries such as Malawi
should swell this figure.

The Zambian cotton gins have a combined capacity of 240000 bales (1 bale >
200kg) against Uganda's 120000-bale capacity. The Zambian gins are operating at
full production, with virtually all output destined for South Africa.

Afgri Products managing director Louis Wolthers says the international cotton
market is depressed. "The US offers huge subsidies for cotton production, with
the result that there is a massive surplus and prices are at a 30-year low. SA
cotton producers have halved their production this year and shifted to more
profitable crops such as maize."

The result is a huge shortage of cotton in SA. But there is also a big
opportunity, due largely to the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act (Agoa), which
grants clothing made in Africa duty-free access to the US market, says Trevor
Wilkinson, managing director of Clark Cotton.

"We are able to sell all that we produce, so it is a question of getting our
gins up to full capacity, and acquiring additional capacity where we can."

To benefit from the Act the cotton has to be African, says Wolthers.

Clark Cotton is scouting neighbouring countries for additional gin capacity.
"Wesee potential to expand into Malawi, Mozambique and East Africa," says
Wilkinson. "In fact, we'd consider virtually anywhere in sub-Saharan Africa as
apotential target for expansion."

Clark Cotton supplies about one-third of SA's cotton needs.

International cotton prices have recovered from US40c/lb to about 50c/lb.
Because production costs are measured in local currencies and selling prices in
hard currencies, cotton producers have enjoyed a welcome increase in margins.

"Our growth in Africa has compensated for the drop in SA production," says
Wolthers.

In the past financial year, Afgri Products established a grain handling,
grading, storage, marketing and trading operation in Zambia. The 35000 tons
handled by the Zambian business over the past year represents a small
percentageof the two million tons handled by the SA business, but there is
plenty of scopefor growth in Zambia, says Wolthers.

"We made good profits from the Zambian business over the last year, and we
expect this to grow. The Zambian business is really a smaller version of what
weoffer farmers and millers in SA."

Traditionally, Zambian commercial farmers sold their maize and wheat direct to
millers.

"What we are able to offer both farmers and millers are value-added services
such as financing, storage and trading - services not generally available in
Zambia," says Wolthers.

"We are also starting to target subsistence farmers, most of whom have little
access to financing and the other services we can offer."

Afgri Products plans to expand its grain business into countries such as
Malawi,the Democratic Republic of Congo and Mozambique, and leverage the
infrastructureand market presence of Clark Cotton in Uganda and Zambia.

Afgri Products has already handled large export volumes to countries such as
Zambia, Zimbabwe and Malawi, where widescale food shortages have been reported.

"We have a lot of experience of exporting grain into Africa and we're familiar
with conditions," says Wolthers. "This makes it easier to take the next step,
which is to set up business units within some of these countries."


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2002 Times Media Limited


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                             July 6, 1999, Tuesday

Better times ahead for farmers: forecasters

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 14

LENGTH: 419 words


Beef cattle and sheep farmers can look forward to better times, economic
forecasters says.

Chris Ward, of the Agriculture and Forestry Ministry's (Maf) policy unit, told
farmers at the Southern North Island Sheep and Beef Cattle Conference in
Palmerston North last that greater involvement of women in farming, community
solidarity, better management through adverse climatic events, better
communication and more labour-saving devices were some of the positive
influences in agriculture.

He said farmers could expect increases in gross farm revenue during the next few
years, an increase in farm cash surpluses, and an increase in expenditure.

Ministry forecaster Rod Forbes said some of the positives for the beef industry
included a falling US beef inventory and rising beef consumption in Japan and
Korea.

But a negative factor was the public's strong preference for poultry.

The contraction of the pig and sheep industries in Britain was positive for
lamb. But the ongoing Russian financial crisis and the uncertainty over the US
tariff would not help the industry.

Agresearch (Ruakura) general manager Warren Parker said farmers needed to change
to stay ahead.

He said that sometimes meant making a complete break, and getting rid of old
ideas.

Change was stressful, and people tended to oppose it for that reason.

Some change was not always successful, but developing strategies for change
helped.

Mr Parker said possible motives for change included increasing competition, more
demanding consumers, and more information.

Tony Rhodes, from Agriculture New Zealand, said some clients felt maintaining
what they were achieving was now not enough.

He said there were people achieving their maximum potential production figures,
and he challenged farmers to try to do likewise. The trick was how to make it
happen.

Mr Rhodes said farmers should clearly define their own and their families' needs
during the next five years, and come up with a realistic assessment of their
potential.

He said they should focus on what was important for them and no one else.

Farming was in a very significant period of change, and 30 per cent of land
titles would change hands at least once in the next five years, Mr Rhodes told
farmers.

"What role do you plan to take as those deals are brokered?"

To realise their potential, they needed to define needs, quantify resources,
identify opportunities and integrate options that worked. -- NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 29, 2002 Saturday Five Star Lift Edition

FARMERS ARE PLANTING MORE BIOTECH CROPS

BYLINE: Virginia Baldwin Gilbert Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 281 words


The number of U.S. acres planted in corn is up, while the number of acres in
soybeans and cotton declined, according to the Agriculture Department's annual
planting survey. Farmers planted more biotech varieties of all three crops, the
survey found.

Corn is the No. 1 crop in the United States, with 78.9 million acres planted, a
4 percent increase over last year. Farmers chose biotech varieties for 34
percent of the corn acreage, up from 26 percent last year, the survey said.

While total acreage for soybeans is down, to 72.9 million acres from 74.1
million last year, the number of acres planted in biotech soybeans is up, to
nearly 55 million acres, compared to more than 50 million last year.

Wheat farmers increased acreage to 60.1 million, up 1 percent, making it the
third-largest U.S. crop. No biotech wheat is grown commercially.

Cotton acreage is down nearly 9 percent - to 14.4 million acres, from 15.7
million acres. But the percentage of biotech acreage increased to 71 percent of
the total from 69 percent.

"We deduce that farmers continue to see significant value in biotech," said
Kerry Preete, Monsanto Co.'s vice president for U.S. markets.

Monsanto seed or seed with licensed Monsanto traits accounted for the majority
of corn genetically engineered to tolerate herbicide or to resist insects, all
of the herbicide-tolerant soybeans, all of the insect-resistant cotton and
nearly all the herbicide-tolerant cotton, Preete said.

Preete noted that farmers planted more herbicide-tolerant corn, even though it
has not been approved for sale in Europe. The lack of European approval "is not
as significant a barrier as it was projected to be," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Virginia Baldwin Gilbert:; E-mail: vgilbert@post-dispatch.com;
Phone: 314-340-8345

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC GRAPHIC Color GRAPHIC, CHART by the Post-Dispatch - Sowing
biotech
Corn - Percentage in Biotech - 2002
Soybeans - Percentage in Biotech - 2002
Acres planted in millions
2001 Corn 78.9
2002 Soybeans 73
Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 30, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Corn Rises on Report Of Russian Purchases



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 39, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 294 words


Corn and wheat futures prices, supported by a weakened dollar and new Soviet
corn purchases, were mostly higher yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Volume was light.

Corn prices were supported by the Agriculture Department's announcement after
trading Thursday that the Soviet Union had purchased 200,000 metric tons of
United States corn. Corn for delivery in May rose yesterday to $2.82, the
contract's high since early December.

At the close, the Agriculture Department announced an additional 500,000 tons of
corn had been sold to the Russians.

Despite the stronger foreign currencies, soybean prices were mostly lower. A
less expensive dollar makes United States farm products more desirable to
foreign buyers.

''There was no news to justify the selloff, but traders tend to even up their
positions prior to a weekend,'' said Susan Hackmann, a grains analyst with
Pershing Futures, concerning the activity in soybeans.

Live cattle prices were mixed to mostly higher while feeder cattle, live hogs
and frozen pork bellies were mostly lower on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Cash prices influenced the futures, according to Bob Kuhn, a livestock analyst
in Chicago with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.

Live cattle futures were raised by higher cash markets while prices for feeder
cattle, live hogs and frozen pork bellies were above the cash price.

Crude oil and heating oil prices were mostly lower on the New York Mercantile
Exchange.

Warmer than normal weather softened heating oil prices, according to Andrew
Lebow, a petroleum analyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers.

The contract for delivery in April went off the board 0.65 cent higher because
of higher cash prices, he said.

Crude oil trading was quiet and choppy, analysts said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 21, 2005 Monday

Cattleman seeks world marketplace; Fears of mad cow disease stifle exports

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Opinion; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: DODGEVILLE, Wis.


The head of a national cattle industry group said Friday the United States needs
to re-enter the world beef export market as soon as possible.

"The quicker we get back to normalcy, that will alleviate part of this (price)
volatility," said Jim McAdams, president of the National Cattlemen's Beef
Association.

Canada Beef

In January, the National Cattlemen's Beef Association sent a team to Canada to
get a firsthand account of Canada's beef production. The key findings include:

* No burdensome backlog of cattle in Canadian feedlots. Prices for cattle older
than 30 months are severely discounted, and there is no market incentive to
manage cattle beyond that age.

* Slaughter capacity increased 22 percent in Canada in 2004.

* The Canadian feed industry appears to be in compliance with its feed ban. The
Canadian government is expected to release a study addressing recent media
reports about animal protein in animal feed.

Source: National Cattlemen's Beef Association, www.beefusa.org

The Texas cattleman spoke about industry issues at the Wisconsin Cattlemen's
Association Winter Conference in Dodgeville. He spent much of the time answering
reporters' questions about how the return of Canadian cattle to the United
States will affect American producers.

Live Canadian cattle imports were banned from the United States after a case of
BSE, or mad cow disease, was discovered in Canada in May 2003.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced in December it would allow imports
of live Canadian cattle younger than 30 months beginning March 7. This month,
however, the department delayed allowing import of meat from animals 30 months
of age and older.

While the National Cattlemen's Beef Association urged the department to keep
that ban, McAdams said new research by the group might alleviate some fears.

A National Cattlemen's Beef Association fact-finding team was sent to Canada
last month and unveiled its findings earlier this month.

"The challenge we have now is getting the true facts out to the cattlemen of
this country," McAdams said. "When the people have seen what we have pulled
together in addition to what USDA is saying, I think it adds to the comfort
level."

American and Canadian feed manufacturers are banned from using rendered cattle
in cattle feed. The practice is believed to have contributed to mad cow
outbreaks in Europe during the 1980s and 1990s. The cattlemen's group found the
Canadian feed industry appears to be in compliance with its feed ban.

The team also found Canadian slaughter capacity increased last year, making a
glut of Canadian cattle in the United States less likely.

"I think the overwhelming body of evidence is indicating that the market impact,
from a fundamental standpoint, will not be that great," he said.

Four cases of BSE have been confirmed in Canada. A dairy cow of Canadian origin
was diagnosed with the disease in Washington state in December 2003. Since then,
the United States has been shut out of most export markets, including the
nation's top beef customer, Japan.

"I'm convinced that we're doing everything we can to get that market open,"
McAdams said.

At the same time, he said Mexico appears poised to accept more American beef.

"As we open up more products from Canada they will open up more products from
the United States. Apparently, we're only shipping 50 to 60 percent of what we
were. That's a huge opportunity," McAdams said.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug - Jim McAdams

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2014

USDA sets loan payment rates for commodities

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 506  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) will begin
accepting requests for marketing assistance loans (MALs) and loan deficiency
payments (LDPs) for eligible 2014 commodities. Notice of the authorization is
published in today's Federal Register.

MALs and LDPs for the 2014 crop year become available to eligible producers
beginning with harvest/shearing season and extending through a specific
commodity's final loan availability date.

Sugar commodity loans for 2014 crop will be available to sugar processors
beginning October 1, 2014.

MALs and LDPs provide financing and marketing assistance for wheat, feed grains,
soybeans and other oilseeds, pulse crops, rice, peanuts, cotton, wool, mohair
and honey. MALs provide producers interim financing after harvest to help them
meet cash flow needs without having to sell their commodities when market prices
are typically at harvest-time lows. Allowing farmers to store their products at
harvest facilitates a more orderly marketing of commodities throughout the year.
A producer who is eligible to obtain a loan, but agrees to forgo the loan, may
obtain an LDP if such a payment is available.

Marketing loan provisions and LDPs are not available for sugar and extra-long
staple cotton.

The 2014 Farm Bill also establishes payment limitations per individual or entity
not to exceed $125,000 annually on certain commodities for the following program
benefits: price loss coverage payments, agriculture risk coverage payments,
marketing loan gains (MLGs) and LDPs. These payment limitations do not apply to
MAL loan disbursements. Please consult your local FSA office for details.

Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) provisions were modified by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which states that a producer whose total applicable three-year average AGI
exceeds

$900,000 is not eligible to receive an MLG or LDP.

The 2014 Farm Bill establishes national loan rates for the 2014 crops of wheat,
feed grains, oilseeds, pulse crops, milled rice, peanuts, extra-long staple
cotton, wool, mohair, sugar and honey. The 2014 Farm Bill requires the upland
cotton base quality loan rate to be determined annually according to the
applicable statutory provisions. The 2014 crop loan rates are seen in the
accompanying chart.

County loan rates also are announced for the 2014 crops of wheat, corn, grain
sorghum, barley, oats, soybeans and other oilseeds (sunflower seed, flaxseed,
canola, rapeseed, safflower, mustard seed, crambe and sesame seed); national
milled rice loan rates by class and state rough rice loan rates by class for the
2014 rice crop; and regional loan rates for 2014 pulse crops (dry peas and
lentils). The rates are posted on the FSA website at
www.fsa.usda.gov/price-support.

Later announcements will include peanut loan rates by type, refined beet sugar
loan rates by region, raw cane sugar loan rates by state, and the schedule of
premiums, discounts and other related information.

For more information, please visit a nearby USDA Service Center or FSA's website
www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2014 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Stone County Enterprise (Wiggins, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2014

More acres planted in states major row crops than in 2013

BYLINE: Stone County Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 666  words


Mississippi producers planted more of the state's major row crops than they
planned in March, and the majority of them are in good condition.

Every winter, Mississippi producers estimate how many acres they will plant of
each crop they intend to grow. The U.S. Department of Agriculture tabulates
these in March and issues the planting intentions report. On June 30, USDA
released actual planted acre figures for the state. Mississippi has 2.25 million
acres of soybeans, up 12 percent from 2013 acreage and up 100,000 acres from
March intentions. The state has 400,000 acres of cotton, up 38 percent from 2013
and up 20,000 acres from the earlier estimate. Growers planted 170,000 acres of
rice for 2014, up 36 percent from last year and unchanged from March planting
intentions. Corn was the only major crop to drop acreage from what was expected
in March. The state has 540,000 acres of corn, down 37 percent from 2013 and
down 40,000 acres from March intentions.

Brian Williams, agricultural economist with the Mississippi State University
Extension Service, said most of the state's major crops set yield records over
the last few years with favorable growing conditions. This encouraged producers
to keep acreage high. "I think the record yields along with favorable markets
this spring encouraged producers to plant even more acres of soybeans and cotton
this year," Williams said. "Although prices have come down since planting, it
could still be a very good year for many producers." Williams said those acreage
increases have come at the expense of other crops. "For example, Mississippi
corn acreage was reduced by 40,000 acres from March estimates and hay was
reduced by 110,000 acres," he said. USDA makes planted acreage estimates by
surveying approximately 11,000 parcels of land nationally, each consisting of
about 1 square mile. These producers are asked about planted acres on that
parcel of land, and results are used to calculate total acreage numbers. John
Michael Riley, Extension agricultural economist, said crop rotation is partially
responsible for corn's drop in acreage and soybean's increase. "U.S. producers,
primarily those in the Corn Belt, spent three straight years heavily invested in
corn and devoted a large amount of acres to the crop largely without rotation,"
Riley said. "We saw a small shift away from corn and toward soybeans last year,
but this year f appears to be a more significant shift." While price was the
primary driver of this shift, Riley said the need for rotation played a role in
getting the record number of soybean acres planted.

Mississippi was not the only state to see increases in the major row crops.

"U.S. producers planted 3.35 million more acres of soybeans than was estimated
in the March planting intentions report, and producers in all but two states
increased their soybean acres from March intentions," Williams said. "If the
acreage numbers stand, this year's 84.84 million acres will be the largest U.S.
soybean acreage on record." U.S. wheat and cotton acres were also increased from
March, but corn acres were decreased by 50,000 acres nationally. The increased
acreage nationwide is driving prices down. "The record acres combined with very
positive crop condition reports released each Monday afternoon by the USDA have
taken their toll on soybean markets. Corn prices have also taken a hit, with
December corn losing 55 cents since the report's release, although for different
reasons," Williams said. More corn is stockpiled than previously expected, and
this has contributed to lower prices. Mississippi crops growing on these
increased acreages are overall in very good condition at this point in the
growing season. By July 6, USDA reported that 70 percent of corn, 71 percent of
cotton, 82 percent of rice and 70 percent of soybeans were in good to excellent
condition. Just 25 percent or less of each crop was in fair condition, with the
remaining acres in poor shape. No acres in the state were listed as very poor.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Environment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 Stone County Enterprise


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Goldendale Sentinel (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 14, 2011

Symposium to present opportunities and challenges in dryland organic agriculture

BYLINE: The Goldendale Sentinel staff

LENGTH: 526  words


In association with the 2011 Washington Tilth Producers Conference, Washington
State University has organized a special, day-long symposium for those
interested in exploring the challenges and opportunities of organic agriculture
in dryland ecosystems. The symposium is slated for Nov. 11 at the Yakima
Convention Center.

The symposium addresses agronomic and economic issues specific to dryland
organic production and brings together speakers and attendees from Washington,
Oregon, Idaho, and Montana. The keynote speaker is Bob Quinn, an organic grain
farmer from Big Sandy, Montana and founder of Kamut International Khorasan
Wheat. Topics covered include building a growers' cooperative; finding new
market channels; the nuts and bolts of organic dryland farming; and how to build
a system that really works. "Agriculture in the Pacific Northwest's drylands is
at a crossroads," said sustainable agriculture researcher Lynne Carpenter-Boggs.
"Dryland farming in our region faces serious threats from erosion and loss of
soil organic matter. Farmers and industry professionals in dryland organic
agriculture want to farm sustainably, but they face unique challenges, including
low rainfall, short growing seasons, and cool evening temperatures that limit
productivity. Organic agriculture can address those concerns, but for these
systems to be economically sustainable, producers need consistent markets for
their products."

A series of speed networking sessions is also scheduled. These sessions will
bring together business professionals who trade or process organic products and
who are looking for producers who will understand the needs of specialty
markets. "We are expecting 80 to 100 producers to attend," said Carpenter-Boggs,
"so business people and producers will have plenty of opportunities to connect
and initiate mutually beneficial business relationships."

Carpenter-Boggs said that, despite the challenges, there is plenty' of good news
to share with growers and business owners. "Organic producers, researchers, and
early adopters are discovering what works in marketing organic crops, weed
management, soil conservation, control of pests and diseases, design of organic
agro-ecosystems, and conversion to organic farming."

"The time is right to develop sustainable agricultural systems for the special
needs of our region," Carpenter-Boggs said. "The conference will focus on
relevant topics using lectures and discussions so that information is
immediately incorporated into planning. This conference will establish a strong
communications network among producers, marketing organizations, processors,
researchers, and extension educators. University and USDA personnel will obtain
valuable input on how research and extension can better serve organic dryland
farmers."

More information on the symposium is available on the CSANR web site at
http://bit.ly/qlDYkW. Registration through the Washington Tilth Producers will
be available in early September. Check http://bit.ly/qKcNpm for more information
on the main Tilth Producers Conference Nov. 12 -13. Business people interested
in speed networking should register at http://bit.lv/roDMim.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLD

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 The Goldendale Sentinel


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 5, 1988, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Farms lose $80 million in free trade Riddell says

BYLINE: By Bob Boughner Special to The Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: RIDGETOWN, Ontario


   RIDGETOWN, Ont. - Ontario's fruit, vegetable and wheat farmers will lose more
than $80 million annually as a result of the Canada-United States free trade
agreement, Ontario Agriculture Minister Jack Riddell says.

"We have simply given away too much and received too little in return," he told
more than 300 southwestern Ontario farmers attending the official opening
yesterday of the 50th annual farmers week program.

Riddell said Ottawa also does not seem to be concerned about the potential
impact of the free trade deal on the giant food processing industry in
southwestern Ontario.

Ontario Premier David Peterson has raised many concerns about the undertaking,
he said, but "unfortunately, they have fallen on deaf ears.

"Prime Minister Mulroney has now signed a document without allowing a full
review of the agreement. And now we're expected to accept everything that's
dealt to us and adjust to a changed economic outlook - one which will alter the
agriculture and food industry for the next 100 years," Riddell said.

The minister said that under the agreement, which will eliminate tariffs over a
10-year period, Ontario's grape and wine industry will also be seriously
jeopardized. And he charged that what Mulroney and his negotiators have failed
to realize is that they're talking about the livelihood of thousands of Ontario
farmers and food processors.

"As it is, farming has been undergoing hard times across Canada. Economic
pressures have forced many farmers into bankruptcy and others into giving up
farming completely," he said.

"Now, with one quick stroke of a pen last Saturday, the federal government is
adding another element to the uncertainty and hardship facing Ontario farmers,"
he added.

Riddell made it clear he is not against an improved trading environment with
Canada's largest trading partner. But he added, "As far as I'm concerned, a
better trading environment should not be built by sacrificing the food
processors of Ontario or, for that matter, our energy future, our auto industry
and our sovereignty as a nation."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Jack Riddell

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Farmers should not have to defend their way of life

BYLINE: ED GANNON

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 589  words


TWO visitors to our shores in the past week have been spreading the word on
farming. Both have different messages, both come from different angles. Yet both
attempt to do one thing - defend farming.

One was countering the growing view that farming is cruel and unnecessary, the
second that our quest for energy is harming farming.

First to Trent Loos, a livestock farmer from Nebraska, who a few years back
attended a People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals conference where he heard
a movie star declare that all farming must be banned.

That comment has led Mr Loos to travel the world as an "agriculture advocate" to
counter the messages spread by PETA and its misguided disciples. He now hosts a
radio show in the United States with a claimed audience of three million.

The basis of his message is that the rearing, then slaughter, of animals is
merely part of the cycle of life.

"Everything lives, everything dies and death with purpose gives full meaning to
life," he said.

"In agriculture we manage the life, we create the death so we can, in turn,
improve another living thing." It's a commonsense view, which counters the PETA
argument that concentrates solely on the death of an animal, and never on the
benefit it brings.

Unfortunately, it's the simplistic argument of PETA and its ilk that appears to
be winning the day.

Mr Loos bemoaned the fact that despite the range and power of information at our
fingertips nowadays, people have never been more misinformed about farming.

"We live in the information age and you have, on your hip or in your pocket,
access to more information than could have ever been imagined, and yet there is
a greater disconnect with not only food production, but the essentials of life
that everyone relies on," Mr Loos said.

He told of sitting next to a woman drinking a coffee on an aeroplane who said
she consumed only organic food because she didn't like chemicals.

"(I said to her) do you know what caffeine is? It's actually a pesticide that
the coffee plant produces to protect itself from insects," he said.

"And if you do not harvest coffee beans from the coffee plant, the coffee plant
will actually produce enough of this pesticide to kill itself.

"You can't be drinking copious amounts of caffeine and be telling me that
chemicals are bad." The other visitor is John Fenton, a farmer from Wyoming.

He is speaking in Melbourne tonight and Rosedale tomorrow on coal seam gas
fracking.

That is the process of breaking rocks underground to extract the gas trapped
within. It is of concern to many farmers who fear the process could affect
groundwater.

That view is shared by both Premier Denis Napthine and Deputy Premier Peter
Ryan, who have put the issue into the too-hard basket until after the election.

Mr Fenton has 24 gas wells on his property, from which he makes about $2000 each
a year.

Yet he hates them.

Mr Fenton is here to warn farmers to be wary of promises that fracking will
cause negligible environmental damage, if any.

"Yes, we make some money from it, but then came the smell and the odours and
people getting sick. Then the neighbour's water turned black. All the things
they said wouldn't happen were happening," he said.

Interestingly, these men are here as a report shows Australian farmers think
their advocacy groups are ineffective.

It may be time to rethink how farmers defend themselves. Perhaps Australian
farmers need some local champions such as Mr Loos and Mr Fenton to spread the
message that without food and water, we don't have life.ED GANNON IS EDITOR OF
THE WEEKLY TIMES

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           February 26, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Ritz's CWB preoccupation ignores farmers' problems

BYLINE: Joan L. Adams, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 290  words


Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz forever rants that our barley and wheat
producers are being denied free choice to market their grain.

However, as agriculture columnist Kevin Hursh points out, our producers have the
worst rail service in the world. An Australian grain company representative who
attended the Crop Production Week in Saskatoon said his company moves sugar from
Brazil and pulse crops from remote parts of India with fewer problems than grain
producers do from Western Canada.

Our producers are captive customers of the railways. We have reduced the number
of grain elevators and built large inland terminals -- at great cost to
producers in terms of time, hauling costs and convenience, with not one iota of
service improvements or lower freight rates.

Perhaps Ritz should concentrate less on the Canadian Wheat Board and more on
getting our grain to market. While the minister is investigating this
bottleneck, could he take a look at the price of fertilizer products? The price
of these products, which in many cases originate in Canada, are a lot cheaper in
the United States.

Furthermore, the price our beef producers receive is worse than it was during
the BSE era, while hog producers are losing at least $30 per animal they ship.
These producers always have had free market choice and we can all see when we
get to the meat counter at the stores that the producers are getting royally
screwed.

Our government so far has turned a blind eye and a deaf ear to the problems
facing our producers. Many hog producers who applied for money under a new
federal-provincial program have received word they qualify for little or none.
Soon we will have no one willing to provide Canadian consumers with safe, cheap
food.

Joan L. Adams

Alsask

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "SUSTAINABLE FARMING ASSOCIATION" to Sustainable Farming
Association of Minnesota non-profit corporation (MINNESOTA)

LENGTH: 100  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Sustainable Farming Association of Minnesota non-profit corporation (MINNESOTA),
has been granted trademark (4542077) titled as "SUSTAINABLE FARMING ASSOCIATION"
from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: Continuing education services, namely,
providing live and on-line continuing professional education seminars in the
field of agriculture; Developing educational manuals for others in the field of
agriculture; Development and dissemination of educational materials of others in
the field of agriculture. FIRST USE: 19890901.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 17, 1993, Friday

State's interests remain divided over trade deal

BYLINE: By Ernest Holsendolph

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section H; Page 1

LENGTH: 475 words


The North American Free Trade Agreement to open trade among Mexico, Canada and
the United States has proven politically explosive and divisive for the White
House and the Georgia congressional delegation, and has produced strong views in
the state, especially among farming interests.

The peanut farmers, for instance, are loudly fearful that cheap Argentine
peanuts could wind up here through Mexico.

Georgia meat and chicken producers, on the other hand, favor it because a
prosperous Mexico could become a good customer.

"We will have winners and losers," said Agriculture Commissioner Tommy Irvin.
That prospect does not warm a politician's heart.

Irvin visted Mexico City to express personal concerns about some aspects of the
treaty, now pending on Capitol Hill.

Agricultural issues

"I let President Salinas know our concerns, as state commissioners of
agriculture," he said, "especially about the possibility that food treated with
chemicals now banned in the United States could come into the country."

Georgia farmers and others incur expenses conforming with environmental rules -
expenses that some overseas farmers may avoid and therefore be able to sell food
more cheaply here.

Many political lines have been blurred as the NAFTA debate unfolds.

For instance, Democratic Reps. John Lewis and Sanford Bishop, generally
supportive of the administration, oppose the treaty, and Sen. Sam Nunn
conceivably could vote with his President.

Many economic conservatives, like Republican Sen. Phil Gramm of Texas, are
speaking up for the administration on this issue.

Effect on Georgia

But overall, Georgians will be affected far less than many states by the opening
of Mexican borders, according to a paper by Jeffrey Humphreys, a University of
Georgia economist.

"The states that will be affected most significantly are those bordering
Mexico," Humphreys said, "as well as those with large manufacturing bases."

As for Georgia, he wrote:

"Over time, Mexican consumers will have more purchasing power because of NAFTA,
but initially Georgia companies that export basic commodities and capital goods
will benefit more than those that export consumer goods."

Giving credence to vigorous objections by organized labor leaders to NAFTA,
Humphreys said "labor-intensive manufacturing industries that use mostly
low-skilled workers" are especially vulnerable to low-wage competition in
Mexico.

The carpet industry is one area of manufacturing that should do well because it
has invested in new equipment and procedures to become low- cost, and therefore
globally competitive.

Despite the dangers and pitfalls, Georgia's aspirations to become a major-league
exporter around the world lead many politicians to favor liberal trade as
exemplified by NAFTA.

Ernest Holsendolph's column appears every Sunday, Wednesday and Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932610264

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

Farmers Union: Farmers receive meager share

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 306  words


The National Farmers Union (NFU) has released its latest farmer's share report
based on calculations derived from the monthly agriculture prices report
produced by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural
Statistics Service, and compared to price points of common grocery food items at
a local Washington D.C., Safeway supermarket.

"It's easy to forget the true value of our farmers and ranchers, who in some
cases are only making pennies to the dollar on their goods, while we're at our
local supermarket," said NFU President Roger Johnson. "Our farmer's share report
reflects the true value that our farmers and ranchers are receiving."

North Dakota Farmers Union President Woody Barth added, "These facts clearly
illustrate how little family farmers and ranchers actually receive out of the
food dollar. No one should blame farmers and ranchers for increased costs at the
grocery store."

According to USDA's Economic Research Service, farmers and ranchers only receive
15.8 cents of every food dollar spent by consumers outside the home in the
United States. Additionally, more than 80 cents of every food dollar is spent on
marketing, processing, wholesaling, distribution and retailing.

Among the more startling statistics noted in the December report:

- Dairy farmers received $ 1.81 for one gallon of fat free milk (retail
price:$4.19);

- Wheat farmers netted only 20 cents of the $3.59 retail price of a loaf of
bread; and

- Tomato growers received a mere 53 cents per pound (retail price: $3.28).

The report shows the consumer that prices may increase in the grocery store,
however the farmer is not necessarily receiving extra income, said Johnson. "It
is also a stark reminder that U.S. family farmers and ranchers need certainty
and Congress" inability to pass the 2012 Farm Bill directly will impact their
operations."

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Golden Valley News


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday
                                Ontario Edition

AGRICULTURE;
To feed a growing world, consider what farming isn't

BYLINE: FRANCO VACCARINO

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 651 words


President and vice-chancellor of the University of Guelph, which was awarded
$77-million this fall from the federal government for the Food From Thought
project, intended to find sustainable ways to feed a growing world population

Nine billion: That's roughly how many people are expected to populate the Earth
by midcentury. How will we feed our growing world without compromising the
planet's ecosystems?

The Canadian agricultural sector produces some of the finest crops and livestock
in the world.

Farmers have tried to lessen their environmental impact, but agriculture will
always consume resources.

About 30 per cent of the world's greenhouse gas emissions come from agriculture.
Farming is our largest source of water pollution through runoff of fertilizers
and pesticides. You might say that our agrifood system often bites the land that
feeds us. This week brings government ministers and officials from Canada, the
United States and Mexico to Niagara Falls, Ont., to discuss trade, development
and co-operation under the annual Tri-National Agricultural Accord.

The group will talk about continent-wide issues, but Canada's agricultural
sector has a wider opportunity to help feed the world.

Here are three agrifood opportunities that delegates at this week's meeting
ought to discuss, based on what farming is not.

Agriculture is not just about growing food. Certainly, farmers feed people and
entire cities. But our agricultural sector also drives economies and
communities.

Speaking this month at the Public Policy Forum's growth summit in Ottawa,
Dominic Barton, chair of the Advisory Council on Economic Growth, pointed to
agriculture as one of Canada's strengths.

Ontario alone is a food-processing powerhouse, with about 3,000 businesses in
the sector employing 100,000 people.

Nationally, the agrifood industry employs one in eight Canadians - 2.3 million
people. We are the fifth-largest agricultural exporter in the world. Production
and trade in the farming sector help pay for health, education and other social
services that we all rely on. The agricultural sector also ensures our rural
communities remain viable.

Agriculture isn't just tractors.

In a digital revolution in agriculture, more and more of our farm equipment will
consist of smart, data-driven machines. Robotic milking systems are already at
work in the dairy industry.

Drones and satellites monitor soil moisture to determine irrigation requirements
or optimum planting times. Farmers can use a smartphone app to identify insects
in their fields and predict and control pest infestations.

Imagine self-driving tractors that automatically plant, fertilize and irrigate
crops without wasting seed, nutrients or water.

In his recent talk, Mr. Barton called for Canada to capitalize on computing
power, connectedness and big data. Precision agriculture based on real-time
information technology will help us deliver and manage resources to produce food
and reduce our environmental footprint. Big data is the new farm nutrient.

Agriculture is not just about growing more food. The green revolution of the
mid-20th century was about making more food, especially for famine-threatened
parts of the developing world.

Today, we produce enough food to meet the dietary needs of our world population.
The United Nations estimates that there are about 2,850 dietary calories
available daily for every man, woman and child on the planet.

But we waste almost one-third of the food we make. And what is not wasted is
poorly shared.

It's not just the amount of food we produce that's important.

What will define this century is how we produce and distribute that food. We
need to recognize the contributions of the agricultural sector to our economy
and our way of life. We need to use information technology and big data to farm
smarter. And beyond the Tri-National Agricultural Accord, we need to find better
ways to share food for our growing world.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: U.S supports farmers grow off-season vegetables

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, May 16 -- The United States, through its Agency for International
Development (USAID), showcased the results of Pakistani farmers using new
technology to grow high value off-season vegetables here at its Vegetable Fair
2014. Acting Mission Director for USAID Pakistan Nancy Estes underscored the
U.S. government's commitment to develop Pakistan's agricultural sector: "The
produce we see here today marks the introduction of greenhouse technology in
Pakistan on a large scale. USAID's goal is to help farmers establish 1,200 high
tunnels and to adopt modern farming practices. These initiatives will
significantly transform vegetable farming, increase yields, create more jobs,
and help farmers earn higher incomes," said U.S embassy statement here.

A large number of participants involved in the industry showcased Pakistani
grown fruits and vegetables as well as related products and services at the
fair. Vegetable Fair-2014 also connected farmers with packing specialists,
marketing experts and exporters, helping them integrate into the global economy.
USAID's Agribusiness Project, which organized the fair, works to improve produce
quality and value, increase agriculture productivity, and remove constraints to
agricultural production and marketing. Through the project, USAID also provides
quality high yield seed, toolkits, low and high greenhouse tunnels, and
technical assistance to Pakistani farmers. The tunnels enable farmers to produce
off-season vegetables, greatly increasing land productivity and profitability.
The United States, though USAID, boosts Pakistan's agricultural productivity by
introducing advanced farming technologies, services, and practices; building
irrigation infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.
Over the last 18 months, U.S assistance has helped create 9,000 new jobs in
Pakistan's agricultural sector and generate more than $60 million in new
Pakistani agriculture export orders

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 12, 1996, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

HIGHER MILK PRICES PREDICTED

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 580 words


A gallon of milk could cost more than $ 3 by Christmas, but dairy farmers say
record-high milk prices won't make them rich.

"All the money is going into corn" to feed milk cows, said Ross Hemann, a dairy
farmer from New Douglas, Ill., about 45 miles northeast of the Arch.

High feed prices have prompted dairy farmers like Hemann to cut milk production.
Strong demand helped wholesale milk prices break a 7-year-old record in August.

Milk production is leveling off despite prices that are more than o ffsetting
higher feed costs, said Keith Collins, the U.S. Agriculture Department's chief
economist.

Consumers aren't seeing record prices in the dairy case yet. On Wednesday, a
gallon of plain-label 2 percent milk cost $ 2.69 at the Ladue Crossing Schnucks.
Schnucks brand 2 percent cost $ 2.85 a gallon, and store brand whole milk cost $
2.89.

"We don't believe (the higher farm price) has all been passed through," said
Bill Brooks, who analyzes farm statistics for Mid-America Dairymen Inc., a large
dairy cooperative in Springfield, Mo., that supplies several St. Louis-area
dairies.

Competition among supermarket chains can keep stores from passing along
wholesale price increases quickly. But most stores eventually raise prices
enough to cover a long-term increase in costs.

Brooks says retail prices could go up as much as 20 cents a gallon by the end of
the year. He expects farm prices to rise about 6 cents a gallon between now and
November. Farmers will see their milk checks peak around Christmas, but retail
milk prices may not fall until spring.

"The supply situation is critical all across the United States," said Don
Nicholson, an Agriculture Department official in Tulsa, Okla., who supervises
the milk market area that includes St. Louis. Dairies are shipping milk record
distances to meet extreme shortages in the South and Southeast, he said.

Brooks and other experts see little chance for a quick drop in the prices of
milk or of the grain that farmers feed their livestock. In a report Wednesday,
the Agriculture Department raised its estimate of the corn crop slightly and cut
its forecast for the soybean crop.

With the corn harvest just beginning, the department projects corn production at
8.80 billion bushels, up 19 percent from last year. Illinois farmers expect to
glean 1.4 billion bushels, up 23 percent from last year. The Missouri crop will
more than double to 317 million bushels.

Soybean production will rise 5 percent to 2.27 bushels nationwide. Missouri
farmers expect to harvest 142 million bushels, 9 percent more than last year. In
Illinois, farmers expect to harvest 364.5 million bushels, 2 percent less than
last year.

Both crops are vulnerable to an early frost. Wet weather this spring delayed
planting, and a cooler-than-normal summer has slowed crop development.

Meanwhile, Hemann is trying to stretch his feed supplies three more weeks. By
then, his corn should be ready to harvest.

He's been buying corn since February, when he ran out of the corn he raised last
year. He paid record-high prices this spring, then switched to wheat when he
harvested that crop in mid-summer.

Lately, Hemann has been trying to find farmers who still have some corn stored
on their farms, hoping to save a few pennies a bushel over the prices at local
elevators. Heavy usage and a short crop last year has cut supplies to a 20-year
low.

"You go where you can get it, and you pay the price," Hemann said.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Color Graphic Chart - Corn, Soybean Harvests Up Production In
Millions Of Bushels CORN           1996  1995   Pct. chg. Missouri        317
150   112% Illinois      1,393 1,130    23% United States 8,803 7,374    19%
SOYBEANS Missouri        142   131     9% Illinois        365   373     2%
United States 2,270 2,152     5% Source: U.S. Agriculture Department

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  July 4, 1996

SCRAPIE IS INNOCENT, OK!

BYLINE: Susan Watts

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN ONLINE PAGE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1040 words


Evidence from a forlorn group of cattle on a ranch in mid-west America looks set
to upturn the comfortable orthodoxy that the sheep disease scrapie is the cause
of BSE, the line promoted by Britain's Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food. In fracturing this link the US experiment upsets the cosy notion that the
risk to people from BSE is small. MAFF has maintained for years that because we
have lived with scrapie for centuries, with no obvious ill effects, we have
little to fear from BSE. But if scrapie is not the cause of BSE, this comforting
parallel no longer exists.

There is now mounting evidence to suggest that BSE should be considered a new
and distinct spongiform disease, separate from scrapie, and with a pathogenesis
of its own. An increasing number of the scientists working in this field believe
BSE could have been a cattle disease all along, cropping up only rarely, but
often enough to allow the infectious agent to find its way into cattle feed when
the rendering industry changed its practices in the early 1980s and opened up a
route. Once into cattle feed, the agent would have gone straight into the now
infamous circle that saw cattle remains fed to cattle - an ideal way to amplify
the effect of any low-level disease. The agent would not even have had to cross
the natural barrier between one species and another.

The logic of a cattle origin for BSE is persuasive - even the government's chief
scientific advisor on BSE, John Pattison, concedes that a cattle origin is now
more likely than an explanation that relies on the disease jumping to cattle
from sheep.

But does it really matter where BSE came from? Well, yes, say scientists. As a
first principle with any new disease, the aim is to establish the disease's
origin. In the case of BSE, however, Newsnight has learned that MAFF officials
were desperate to latch on to scrapie because this link provided the most
comforting explanation. MAFF could then issue assurances that the public was at
no risk from BSE. The trouble is that this focus affected the practical measures
the government relied on to protect both animal and human health.

'There was an over emphasis on the scrapie situation - a tendency to think this
was just a manifestation of our old friend scrapie, whereas in fact the BSE
epidemic could just as likely have arisen in cattle themselves, and certainly we
were dealing with something quite new,' one scientist told Newsnight. 'There was
a lot of complacency, and if the emphasis had been more on cattle themselves
then we would have seen the full force of the regulations on the control of
specified bovine offal implemented much earlier, and we would have seen much
more rigorous policing of the abattoirs and rendering houses than we saw in the
early 1990s.'

And if we still understand so little about the origin of BSE, how confident can
we be about eradicating the disease? One scrapie researcher told Newsnight that
scientists really understand very little about the way these diseases are
transmitted in the field - or why they persist in the environment for so long.
'These two things combined,' he said, 'mean there is a very serious threat to
any attempt to eradicate BSE quickly.' He added: 'One could only really be
certain with present knowledge that a farm was really free of BSE if it had no
case of the disease for many years.'

And how does British science rank in helping to fill the gaps in our knowledge
of scrapie and BSE? In researching this film, it has emerged that British
scientists applied for funding as long ago as the 1970s, and again only four
years ago to do the very same experiment now being done in the US. Both times,
their applications were turned down. Ironic then that some of the most
illuminating research on both the origin of BSE and its possible means of
transmission should be taking place in the US where they don't even have a
problem with the disease.

How sound is the scrapie link? Tonight on Newsnight, 10.30pm, BBC2.

BSE: is British science to blame? Off Line, this issue, page 13.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 14, 1979 Tuesday

Crop report tumbles   grain, oilseed prices

BYLINE: George McNair; GAM

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


By GEORGE McNAIR
  Grains and oilseeds on both the Chicago and Winnipeg markets tumbled at
 the opening of commodities futures trading yesterday in the wake of
 Friday's crop report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. This was
 despite the fact the USDA estimates were very close to those made by the
 leading private forecaster only a few days earlier.

Both sets of estimates indicated that the United States is headed for
 its fifth consecutive record harvest of basic foods and feeds.

The sharp declines in almost every grain pit were a surprise, however,
 in that the report of forecaster Conrad Leslie late Tuesday would seem to
 have paved the way for a possible rise in the market and the USDA more or
 less confirmed his figures.

However, commodity specialists in Toronto took the view that traders
 had expected USDA figures to be lower than the Leslie estimates, whereas
 they turned out to be slightly higher for corn and soybeans. This was
 enough to send prices down at the outset by 7 to 8 cents a bushel for
 corn, 7 to 8 cents for wheat and 18 cents for soybeans at Chicago and
 Winnipeg barley by $2 a tonne, rye its $5 limit, rapeseed $6, flax $5 and
 feed wheat 50 cents.

At the close yesterday Chicago wheat was down as much as 4 cents in
 some contracts and up as much as 3 cents in others, corn was down 3 to 7
 cents and soybeans lost 9 to 13 cents. At Winnipeg, flax was down $3 to
 $6 a tonne, rapeseed $4 to $6, barley was unchanged, feed wheat was down
 about $1 and rye $5.
  James Avery of Richardson Securities of Canada said traders had been
 expecting the USDA figures to be lower than Leslie's, which many regard
 as often excessive. He said he would not be inclined to expect a much
 further decline in futures prices and would be looking for them to rise
 again after this reaction wears off.

Tony Savin of Merrill Lynch Royal Securities Ltd. said the Leslie
 estimates were not considered as authoritative as those of the USDA and
 also cited disappointment that the latter's estimates were larger rather
 than smaller. The weather now would take over as a major influence on
 day-to-day markets, he suggested. There could be little rallies, but
 there would still be heaviness left in the market. Mr. Savin expects it
 will be well into September before any signs of a trend become clear.

Lou Bossuyt of Shearson Hayden Stone (Canada) Inc. also expects the
 weather in the next few weeks to be the major influence on these markets,
 noting the sharply colder weather of the past weekend. The USDA gets out
 another report on crops, as of Sept. 1, and will issue that about the
 11th or 12th. Meanwhile, he expects the latest USDA report to put the lid
 on the market until that time.
  A New York commentary over the weekend had expected the market to take
 the view that most of the bearish factors are now out of the way for the
 season. Both reports were based on conditions at the first of August and
 the weather since then has been near perfect in almost all the U.S. farm
 belt.

The USDA estimate was that farmers could expect to harvest seven
 billion bushels of corn and 2.1 billion bushels of both wheat and
 soybeans this season. The USDA gleans its data from surveys by its 80,000
 employees directly from farmers, while the Leslie figures are supplied by
 2,500 postcards addressed to Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc. of Chicago,
 a brokerage house with which Mr. Leslie is associated.

Michael J. Burke, vice-president of Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co.
 of New York, said over the week-end the two reports ended a week of
 marking time and he expected the start of another upward trend in farm
 prices.

Until Conrad Leslie and Washington issue their Sept. 1 estimates . . .
 crop yields can only deteriorate, the foreign buyers will eat into more
 of the over-all supply and, we think, a possible further decline in the
 value of the dollar will make this nation's farm crops even cheaper than
 they are today.
  Mr. Burke added that foreigners with strong currencies find holding U.S.
 grain supplies through futures an absolute bargain today.

Do we realize that this nation has been shipping record tonnages of
 grain almost every week this year?
    He cited figures that in 1974 the record wheat futures price was $6.50
 a bushel; given the 50 per cent loss in the dollar's buying power a
 bushel of wheat should bring $9.25 today. Corn hit a record $4 in l974
 and soybeans a record $12.95 in 1973. Last weekend December wheat closed
 at $4.27, the December corn contract ended at $2.77 and the comparable
 November soybean contract finished at $7.05.
  The most economical way
 for foreigners to hold assets in this country is to take positions in the
 commodity futures market, particularly the basic crops today, because,
 unlike the precious metals, their prices have not fully reflected
 inflation, Mr. Burke said.

These basic foods and such essential raw materials as copper have not
 kept pace with inflation, he concluded, but they will by the end of the
 year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Statement from Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Farm Income Forecasts for 2015
and 2016

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the following statement today on the
Farm Income and Financial Forecasts for 2015 and 2016, released by USDA's
Economic Research Service.





 "Today's farm income forecast underscores the unique ability of American
farmers and ranchers to plan ahead and make sharp business decisions in a
challenging market, as net farm income for 2015 was revised up significantly to
$80.7 billion-an increase of 43 percent since the February forecast. Falling
production expenses, including the price of fuel and inputs, was the largest
contributor to this latest rally by farmers. Just last week, farm exports for
2016 were revised up to one of the highest levels on record, demonstrating that
U.S. farmers and ranchers continue to beat expectations. Overall, farm income
over the last five-year period reflects the highest average five-year period on
record. Although net farm income for 2016 is forecast to decline relative to
2015, the 2014 Farm Bill has provided for a comprehensive farm safety net that
will ensure financial stability for America's farming families. Farm Bill
program payments-including Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC), Price Loss Coverage
(PLC), and the Margin Protection Program for Dairy (MPP)-are forecast to
increase nearly 25 percent to $13.5 billion in 2016. For producers challenged by
weather, disease and falling prices, we will continue to ensure the availability
of a strong safety net to keep them farming or ranching.



 "The estimates today also showed that debt to asset and debt to equity
ratios-two key indicators of the farm economy's health-continue to be near
all-time lows. In addition to strong balance sheets, median household income for
farming families remains near historic highs. In 2016, higher off-farm earnings
are expected to help stabilize losses due to low commodity prices.



 "The trend in strong household income reflects work of the Obama Administration
since 2009 to make significant and targeted investments across the United States
toward building a more robust system of production agriculture, expanding
foreign markets for U.S. farm goods, bolstering local and regional food systems
across the country, and creating a new bio-based economy in rural communities
that today supports more than 4 million American jobs. At the same time, rural
communities have been infused with billions of dollars to build schools,
hospitals, and public safety headquarters, and businesses of all sizes have
availed themselves of USDA's business loans and grants to spur growth that
complements the agricultural economy. Other key investments made by USDA since
2009 include new or improved high-speed internet service to 6 million Americans
in rural areas, along with investments in electricity, water and wastewater, and
clean power, that will continue to strengthen rural communities for generations
to come.



 "Outside the United States, demand for American-grown food and agricultural
products remains strong. Agricultural exports have surpassed $1 trillion since
2009, besting all previous records in terms of value and volume and acting as an
engine for America's farm economy. USDA will continue to ensure American farming
families have open markets and a level playing field by working to remove unfair
barriers to trade and negotiating trade agreements, such as the Trans Pacific
Partnership, that benefit all of agriculture."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Statement from Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Farm Income Forecasts

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the following statement today on the
Farm Income and Financial Forecasts for 2015 and 2016, released by USDA's
Economic Research Service.





 "Today's farm income forecast underscores the unique ability of American
farmers and ranchers to plan ahead and make sharp business decisions in a
challenging market, as net farm income for 2015 was revised up significantly to
$80.7 billion-an increase of 43 percent since the February forecast. Falling
production expenses, including the price of fuel and inputs, was the largest
contributor to this latest rally by farmers. Just last week, farm exports for
2016 were revised up to one of the highest levels on record, demonstrating that
U.S. farmers and ranchers continue to beat expectations. Overall, farm income
over the last five-year period reflects the highest average five-year period on
record. Although net farm income for 2016 is forecast to decline relative to
2015, the 2014 Farm Bill has provided for a comprehensive farm safety net that
will ensure financial stability for America's farming families. Farm Bill
program payments-including Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC), Price Loss Coverage
(PLC), and the Margin Protection Program for Dairy (MPP)-are forecast to
increase nearly 25 percent to $13.5 billion in 2016. For producers challenged by
weather, disease and falling prices, we will continue to ensure the availability
of a strong safety net to keep them farming or ranching.



 "The estimates today also showed that debt to asset and debt to equity
ratios-two key indicators of the farm economy's health-continue to be near
all-time lows. In addition to strong balance sheets, median household income for
farming families remains near historic highs. In 2016, higher off-farm earnings
are expected to help stabilize losses due to low commodity prices.



 "The trend in strong household income reflects work of the Obama Administration
since 2009 to make significant and targeted investments across the United States
toward building a more robust system of production agriculture, expanding
foreign markets for U.S. farm goods, bolstering local and regional food systems
across the country, and creating a new bio-based economy in rural communities
that today supports more than 4 million American jobs. At the same time, rural
communities have been infused with billions of dollars to build schools,
hospitals, and public safety headquarters, and businesses of all sizes have
availed themselves of USDA's business loans and grants to spur growth that
complements the agricultural economy. Other key investments made by USDA since
2009 include new or improved high-speed internet service to 6 million Americans
in rural areas, along with investments in electricity, water and wastewater, and
clean power, that will continue to strengthen rural communities for generations
to come.



 "Outside the United States, demand for American-grown food and agricultural
products remains strong. Agricultural exports have surpassed $1 trillion since
2009, besting all previous records in terms of value and volume and acting as an
engine for America's farm economy. USDA will continue to ensure American farming
families have open markets and a level playing field by working to remove unfair
barriers to trade and negotiating trade agreements, such as the Trans Pacific
Partnership, that benefit all of agriculture."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Addis Fortune

                                 July 20, 2014

Making Agriculture Cool [opinion]

BYLINE: Danielle Nierenberg, Sarah Small

LENGTH: 1372 words


Agriculture has an image problem. Simply put, for the majority of the world's
youth, agriculture simply is not seen as being "cool" or attractive. Most think
of it only as back-breaking labor, without an economic pay-off-and little room
for career advancement.

With an ageing population of farmers, it is clear that agriculture needs to
attract more young people. This is a global challenge: half the farmers in the
US are 55 years or older, while in sub-Saharan Africa, the average age of
farmers is around 60 years old.

"The exodus of rural youth means fewer small-scale farmers tomorrow, potentially
drastically changing the profile of farming," according to a recent report by
the International Institute for Environment & Development (IIED).

The United Nations International Labour Organisation (ILO) predicts that,
globally, there will be 74.2 million unemployed young people this year, an
increase of 3.8 million since 2007. Youth unemployment is both a threat and an
opportunity.

The agricultural sector offers huge potential for job creation. Realising this
can radically change the image of agriculture among young people.

And agriculture's image among young people is changing - from Brooklyn, New York
to Nairobi, Kenya - where youth are now turning to farming and the food system
as a viable career path.

"Increased access to education and new forms of agriculture-based enterprise
mean that young people can be a vital force for innovation in family farming,
increasing incomes and well-being for both farmers and local communities. Young
people can transform the agricultural sector by applying new technologies and
new thinking" said Mark Holderness, executive secretary of the Global Forum for
Agricultural Research (GFAR).

Agriculture means more than subsistence farming - today, young people can
explore career options in permaculture design, biodynamic farming, communication
technologies, forecasting, marketing, logistics, quality assurance, urban
agriculture projects, food preparation, environmental sciences, advanced
technologies and more.

Farmers, businesses, policy-makers and educators need to promote agriculture as
an intellectually stimulating and economically sustainable career - and make
jobs in the agriculture and food system "cool" for young people all over the
world.

A resurgence of interest among young farmers is happening and it is vital to
support this growth.

In collaboration with GFAR, Food Tank has compiled an exciting list of
organizations working with young people around the world to make agriculture and
agriculture-related work more appealing and change public perceptions so that
agriculture is not just seen as cool, but is recognized as a vitally important
career.

In the United States, the New Entry Sustainable Farming Project works to
strengthen local food systems by supporting new farmers. The farmer training
program helps young farmers learn what it takes to run a small farm operation
from business planning to specialised advanced workshops in livestock and
healthy food.

And in southeastern New England, the Young Farmer Networkhosts "Young Farmer
Night," a series of free regular social and educational events that bring
farmers of all ages and experience levels together to network and collaborate.

United States' Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden recently announced
resources and policy changes to improve the financial security of new and
beginning farmers and ranchers. This includes a new website that will be a
one-stop resource where farmers and ranchers can explore the variety of US
Department of Agriculture (USDA) initiatives designed to help them succeed.

Last year in Africa, Joseph Macharia started a Facebook page, "Mkulima Young,"
to encourage youth to engage in agriculture. The page serves as a social forum
for youth, a place to ask questions, and create agriculture networks. Macharia
posts photos and inspirational stories of farmers to empower youth in his
community.

In Kenya, Uganda, Antigua, and Barbuda the Junior Farmer Field and Life Schools
(JFFLS) foster market demand for sustainable food while also providing youth
with tools to begin growing their own sustainable food. JFFLS goal is to empower
vulnerable youth and provide them with skills needed for long-term food
security.

Farm Africa began a farm training program for rural youth, growing vegetables,
mushrooms, and passionfruit in Ethiopia, Kenya, South Sudan, Tanzania, and
Uganda. They teach students how to get the best price at market and encourage
them to get involved in local governance.

The European Council of Young Farmers (CEJA) is the "voice of Europe's next
generation of farmers." CEJA's main objective is to support the renewal of
generation in the agriculture sector by being a platform for information and
education exchange.

The International Movement of Catholic Agricultural and Rural Youth (MIJARC) has
two million young rural people as members, contributing to and promoting the
sustainable development of agricultural and rural areas all over the world, to
make rural areas attractive and viable for young people.

The Caribbean Farmers Network (CaFAN) began a new program of training, capacity
building, and promoting young farmer-leaders under age 35 in Trinidad, Tobago,
Guyana, Antigua, Grenada, St. Lucia, Barbados, and St. Vincent. Fifteen of the
participants have started blogs to share ideas and opinions on the agriculture
sector including, Nyamekye Mappof Tobago, and her search for agrifootsoldiers.

The International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) Rural Youth Talents
Program in South America seeks to publicise and share knowledge from lessons
learned in rural youth agriculture programs. The goal is to establish and
strengthen networks of youth involved in food and agriculture, as well involve
more youth in the field.

The South Asia Youth Camp on Agriculture and Water mobilises youth between ages
18 and 36 to influence government leaders to take action on climate change and
responsibility for agriculture and water. The camp brings together youth to
share opinions, ideas, take action and protect the rights of smallholder
producers in South Asia.

The Global Confederation of Higher Education Associations in Agriculture and
Life Sciences (GCHERA) brings together over 600 agricultural universities,
involving around a million students per year. GCHERA is working to change
university curricula around the world, to make agriculture-based courses more
attractive to young people and more relevant to the skills and opportunities
they now seek.

The Earth University in Costa Rica works to prepare future leaders with ethical
values to contribute to the sustainable development of the tropics. Their
courses include both work experience sessions and students developing and
running their own agribusinesses through the class.

Wageningen University in the Netherlands has, over the last decade, completely
redefined its courses to meet the needs and priorities of today's young people.
Wageningen now focuses on the theme 'healthy food and living environment' and
works closely together with both governments and the business community.

And Young Professionals for Agricultural Development (YPARD) is an international
movement of nearly 8,000 young professionals, a vibrant network, both online and
on the ground, inspiring young people into a wide range of agriculture careers
and to play active roles for innovative agricultural development.

These projects and many other initiatives, programs, and people are making
agriculture cool again. What programs do you know about that are making
agriculture more appealing to younger generations? Let us know!

The Global Forum on Agricultural Research (GFAR) brings together all those
working to strengthen and transform agricultural research for development around
the world. During 2014 and the International Year of Family Farming (IYFF), GFAR
is working with Food Tank to showcase and raise awareness and understanding of
the challenges faced by smallholders and help identify efficient ways to support
family farmers.

Danielle Nierenberg Is President of Food Tank, a Non-Profit Organisation That
Works On Sustainable Agriculture and Healthy Diet. Sarah Small Is a Research
Associate At Food Tank.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   May 22, 1998, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

CRISIS IN INDONESIA;
Worst fallout from turmoil is still to come for America;
Economic, agriculture officials urge aid to IMF to keep crisis from spreading.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 615 words


Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Thursday that economic conditions
in Indonesia and other hard-hit Asian nations have deteriorated in recent weeks,
and the fallout is ''only now just being felt'' by the U.S. economy.

Greenspan, testifying along with Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman before the House Agriculture Committee, said part of the
progress several nations made early this year in stabilizing their economies has
been reversed. Until the situation ''fully stabilizes, we can't really have
confidence'' the Asian problems won't spread further through the world financial
system, he said.

Rubin, too, suggested the United States has yet to feel the worst effects of the
crisis as he and Greenspan implored Congress to pass legislation to increase the
borrowing authority of the cash-strapped International Monetary Fund by $ 18
billion.

Should the crises that enveloped the economies of Indonesia, Thailand and South
Korea spread to any other sizable economy, they warned, the agency would not
have the resources to stem the collapse. That could set off a global panic.

''These occurrences are possible, and the consequences to us could be severe,''
Rubin said.

Greenspan and Rubin told the committee the United States can expect soaring
trade deficits and slower growth for the rest of the year in large part because
of collapsing demand for U.S.-made goods in Asia.

''Nearly 40 percent of America's agricultural production is exported, and
roughly 40 percent of that export goes to Asia,'' Rubin said. ''That's about $
23 billion. Many fishermen in Alaska are suffering because depreciating
currencies (of the Asian nations) have caused their fish to be too expensive for
Asian markets. . . . Corn farmers in the Midwest, livestock producers in the
West are all feeling the effects.''

In other developments: World Bank President James Wolfensohn said the
international lender will work with ''any democratically elected government'' in
Indonesia, but he didn't say whether he considers the new administration of B.J.
Habibie democratic. ''We'll have to wait and see what the next 48 hours in
Indonesia bring,'' Wolfensohn said. Overall, ''I think the whole situation is
settling down.'' U.S. and IMF officials said they would initially judge
Indonesia's new government by whether the Cabinet included such reformers as
Economic Minister Ginandjar Kartasasmita, who has been the main liaison with the
IMF. Habibie is widely distrusted by the IMF, World Bank and U.S. government
because he is seen as a beneficiary of the crony capitalism that harmed the
Indonesian economy. Should Habibie include reformers and opposition figures to
his Cabinet, it would indicate his willingness to carry on tough reforms. The
president of the U.S.-Indonesia Society, Edward E. Masters, said Indonesia's
turmoil is likely to result in a 25 percent to 50 percent decline in U.S.
exports to the troubled Southeast Asian nation. ''We've got two lean years
coming up for U.S. exports,'' Masters said. U.S. exports to the region increased
11 percent last year to $ 50 billion, he said. News of Suharto's resignation
initially boosted many Asian stock markets Thursday, but the market elation
quickly subsided when Habibie was sworn in. ''There was euphoria initially, but
now that has become a bit of disappointment,'' said Chong Yoon Chou,
Singapore-based investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd.
Markets in Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand initially rose,
but some later slipped back. The Jakarta market was closed. Asian currencies
generally fell against the dollar, over concerns about Habibie.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Alan Greenspan warns of panic if the IMF is too weak to keep collapse
 from spreading.
 Graphic :
 INDONESIA9S TROUBLES
 look at the crisis in Indonesia that led to President Suharto stepping
 down from power after his 32-year reign:
 June 1996: Pro-democracy leader Megawati Sukarnoputri, eldest daughter
 of former President Sukarno, is ousted as head of the Indonesian
 Democratic Party.
 July 1996: Riots break out in Jakarta following a predawn raid on
 loyalists at Megawati party headquarters.
 May 1997: Ruling Golkar party wins more than 74 percent of the vote in
 general elections.
 July 1997: Asian currencies, including Indonesia9s rupiah, tumble and
 Thailand devalues the baht, under speculative attack.
 October 1997: Indonesia applies
 for assistance from the International Monetary Fund and receives $ 43
 billion.
 January 1998: IMF opposes Suharto9s budget plan; Suharto signs reform
 agreement with IMF; budget is revised.
 June 1996
 February 1998: Indonesia announces plan for currency board system; IMF
 opposes and threatens to halt bailout; plan is dropped.
 March 1998: Suharto re-elected by Indonesia9s assembly stacked with his
 supporters; his eldest daughter and possible successor, Siti Hardiyanti
 3Tutut2 Indra Rukmana (left), placed in his Cabinet.
 April 1998: Students9 job prospects dim; they protest, blaming Suharto
for the crisis.
 May 1998: Hundreds die in anti-Suharto riots, looting and arson in
 Jakarta and cities throughout Indonesia.
 May 21, 1998: Suharto (left) officially steps down; replaced by Vice
 President Bacharuddin Jusuf Habibie.
 / Associated Press
 Photo :
 Mug of Megawati Sukarnoputri
 Photo :
 Mug of President Suharto
 Photo :
 Mug of Indra Rukmana
 Photo :
 The Indonesian Rupia.
 Photo :
 Indonesian soldiers control a crowd.
 Photo :
 International Monetary Fund logo.

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             July 11, 1989, Tuesday

HOW GATT'S REFORM FEVER WILL AFFECT US FARMERS

BYLINE: JUAN MIGUEL PEDRAZA; Agweek Magazine

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 801 words


The U.S. sugar policy is a prime candidate for major surgery.

By now, every farmer who grows sugar beets is well aware that the Geneva- based
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade has the sugar program under a microscope.
With the Bush administration's blessing, GATT will rule on the legality of U.S.
sugar import quotas, which protect the U.S. sugar industry by eeping a lot of
cheaper foreign sugar out of the country.

"Sugar had it coming," is one response already heard from some farmers (none of
them beet growers). That response may be natural enough if you're thinking on a
real short string. But there's a lot more at stake with GATT's sugar panel than
the trimming of one protectionist farm program. The fact is, all of agriculture,
for better or for worse, is on the global negotiating table.

After GATT is done shearing the U.S. sugar program, it'll be coming after the
others. There isn't a product that comes off the land that isn't being
scrutinized. Only last year, that seemed impossible. GATT was declared a dead
instrument by some insiders, while others were convinced that only our
grandchildren would see anything concrete come out of these trade liberalization
talks. That was all before George Bush.

The president has taken a bulldog's approach to free trade. We all should have
seen the light when he appointed Clayton Yeutter, Ronald Reagan's top trade gun,
as secretary of agriculture. The administration, which has put several trade
partners on notice to clean up their trade act or face retribution, says the
United States is in for equal treatment. In other words, the White House is
saying, if we want other countries, such as Japan, to reduce trade barriers, we
should be willing to do the same.

So that's the game plan. And farmers from Maine to California, from Florida to
Minnesota, from spud producers to grape growers, from dairy people to cattlemen,
from chicken farmers to wheat growers, should have their notebooks ready. Here's
an outline of some issues fueling GATT's reform fever.

Grains and oilseeds: The United States has a natural advantage in its 1
billion-acre farm base and generous farm programs. However, its agricultural
archrival, the European Community, enjoys enormous productivity leverage with
high-input, high-subsidy farming and 200 bushel-per-acre wheat yields.

Controlling surplus output is a big budget priority for both the United States
and the EC. They're also under increasing pressure from grain-exporting
countries like Canada, Australia, Argentina and Brazil to curtail price-
depressing surpluses. So the United States and the EC will push toward farm
policy reforms that will tend to reduce the surplus stock accumulation. That
means more set-asides, paid at lower rates or unpaid altogether, as a condition
of getting any kind of farm aid.

Both target prices and loan rates will be reduced here, while the Europeans will
push to reduce their versions of targets and loan rates. None of this will
happen overnight, but the momentum has been established to reduce farm spending.
The budget masters here and at EC headquarters in Brussels already have started
paring programs despite vocal opposition from farm lobbies.

Beef and pork production aren't directly subsidized in this country, producers
of these commodities boast. But there's a complicated set of formulas that GATT
uses to determine "producer-subsidy equivalents." These formulas take into
account programs such as federal grazing lands, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's school-lunch and food aid programs and relatively cheap (read
subsidized) meat inspection. Expect some changes to occur - such as full
fee-for-service inspection - that will raise the cost of producing these
animals, plus tougher international health laws.

As for the dairy industry, it is one of the most protected industries both in
the United States and the EC and will come in for special scrutiny all its own.
Dairy producers say it would be great if milk were eliminated from the GATT
talks.

But don't hold your breath. After sugar gets its GATT-administered licking and
grain, beef and others get their share of "reforms," you can bet all eyes will
turn to dairy.

The staunchest allies that U.S. dairy producers have are their colleagues in the
EC, who don't want a hair of their lucrative program touched. But the EC already
has begun cutting into dairy quotas, reducing milk and butter prices and setting
lower output targets. We'll be seeing some of the same here.

There's more, much more. Among the changes that the trade talks will bring about
is the establishment of new, international health criteria. Expect to see
consumer, health and animal rights groups take full advantage of the forum
provided by GATT to get their bite out of agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: NEWS ANALYSIS

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 5, 2012

Corn planting up another five percent in the United States

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 249  words


Farmers in the United States planted more than 96 million acres of corn in 2012,
the most farmland in corn production since 1937.

The federal government's agricultural department says corn acreage planted this
season was up 5 percent from a year ago, marking gains annually over the past
four years.

USDA said favorable field conditions across much of the country's major
corn-producing region gave farmers a head start in 2012 planting.

Corn planting nationwide was nearly completed by May 20, the fastest corn
planting pace on record, the government reported.

Soybean growers planted 76.1 million acres nationwide, up 1 percent, the 3rd
highest soybean acreage on record, USDA said.

Weather conditions played a role in soybean farmers having 94 percent of crops
planted by June 3, well ahead of the pace set in 2011.

U.S. farmers planted 56 million acres in wheat, a 3 percent increase from a year
ago, "and cotton was down 14 percent with 12.6 million acres planted.

A quarterly grain stock report said corn stocks were down 14 percent from a year
ago as well as wheat stocks. Soybean stocks were up 8 percent nationwide.

Corn stocks between March and May went down 2.87 billion bushels, the highest on
record for a first quarter stock report.

Pork production was up 9 percent in May, totaling 1.93 billion pounds, with
nearly 9.3 million hogs slaughtered, USDA reported.

Beef was up five percent in May, topping 2.2 billion pounds, some 2,88 million
head of cattle brought to market, a two percent gain.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Blair Press Taylor


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "CO-ALLIANCE" to Co-Alliance (INDIANA)

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Co-Alliance (INDIANA), has been granted trademark (4688187) titled as
"CO-ALLIANCE" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 035. US 100 101 102. G & S: Cooperative buying club services in the
fields of farming, agriculture, commercial motor fuel, retail propane services,
grain marketing services, livestock, and livestock feed; business services,
namely, combined strategic goods or services sourcing and cooperative purchasing
for others; cooperative advertising and marketing services; administration of
programs to promote economic and business development projects in agricultural
and farming communities; business management consultation in the fields of
farming, agriculture, commercial motor fuel, retail propane services, grain
marketing, livestock and livestock feed production; business management
assistance in the establishment and operation of farms and co-ops; providing
business information to agricultural communities and community-based
organizations; business consultation services in the field of cooperative
business development relating to agriculture and farming. FIRST USE: 20060000.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Corn forecast holds steady

BYLINE: Matt Mencarini, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 722 words


Sept. 14--Despite recent dry conditions in the Sauk Valley and much of the state
and corn belt, there's still a chance for record yields this harvest.

In its September Crop Production report, the United States Department of
Agriculture's National Agriculture Statistics Service forecast 13.8 billion
bushels of corn nationally, up 1 percent from its August report.

It also forecast soybean production at 3.15 billion bushels nationally, which
was down 3 percent from its August report.

If those forecasts come true, it will be the best corn yield in U.S. history,
and the fourth highest soybean yield.

The September report also predicted 165 bushels of corn per acre in Illinois,
unchanged from the August report, and 46 bushels of soybeans per acre, down 1
bushel per acre from the August prediction.

The state's northwest district, which includes the Sauk Valley, was predicted to
be above the state average, producing nearly 327 million bushels of corn, with
168 bushels per acre. The district also was predicted to be above average for
soybeans, producing 50 bushels per acre and 49.75 million bushels total.

Jim Schielein, 48, shares 2,000 acres near Dixon with another farmer. The land
is split by the Rock River, and they farm about 1,360 acres of commercial corn,
500 acres of soybeans and 140 acres of wheat.

"Through about the middle of July, I would've told you I probably had one of the
best crops I raised, especially south of the river," he said. "We just had a
tremendous crop coming on. Then we ran out of water."

According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, Lee and Whiteside counties, along with
most of northern Illinois, are experiencing abnormally dry conditions. In
August, conditions in the Midwest worsened, when 25.61 percent of the region was
declared in drought, up from 4.31 percent.

But despite the dry weather and high heat, the USDA held steady on its Illinois
yield forecast, making the case that the weather hasn't had too much of a
negative impact.

"I really don't know what to make of that," Schielein said. "I talk to a lot of
guys up and down the state. ... There's empirical evidence, and then there's
anecdotal. And I hear the anecdotal, and it makes me wonder where the USDA is
getting their numbers."

Schielein added that he trusts the methodology of the reports and that he thinks
the agency was accurate with its soybean predictions.

As a pilot, he says he can see from the air a clear difference between crops in
western Lee County and the eastern portion of the county, where there seems to
have been more rain.

The consistently high predictions could be a result of some areas making up for
others -- just like the differences within Lee County.

Dr. Emerson Nafzinger, a professor in the Department of Crop Sciences at the
University of Illinois, said he wasn't surprised to see the September report
keep corn predictions on pace for a record.

"They kept the Corn Belt states pretty much the same," he said. "A lot of the
increase came from the south. Kansas came up quite a bit, and it looks like they
have a pretty good crop coming up in the south."

But if some early harvesting in the Sauk Valley is any indication, the area may
have crops as good as farmers foresaw in July, when the conditions were better.

Gunnar Ortgiesen, 28, of Dixon, is the chief financial officer and general
manager of Tettens Grain LLC in Sterling.

About seven farmers have started bringing corn in, with one farmer seeing yields
in the low 200s per acre and another between 150 and 160 bushels per acre,
Ortgiesen said.

Yields still look good, especially compared to last year, he added, so he wasn't
surprised by the September report.

The corn market fell Thursday after the September report was released, and
Ortgiesen said that's a trend he expects to continue.

"As soon as the report came out, [corn] was down about 16 cents or so in
December corn," he said. "It closed down 6 cents."

Don Temple, 61, farms 650 acres on the western edge of Whiteside County. About a
month ago, he was anticipating a "really good" crop. While he's still
optimistic, he really won't know what it will be until the harvest.

"It's going to be above average," Temple said. "But it might not be a best
ever."

___ (c)2013 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130914-YG-Corn-forecast-holds-steady-0914-20130914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2013 Daily Gazette


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Extends Deadline for Recording Farm Structure

LENGTH: 533  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced a one-time, 30-day extension
to the June 1 deadline for recording farm organization structures related to
Actively Engaged in Farming determinations.

This date is used to determine the level of interest an individual holds in a
legal entity for the applicable program year. Farming operations will now have
until July 1 to complete their restructuring or finalize any operational change.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) issued the extension in response to
farmers and ranchers who requested more time to comply, and to assure that
everyone has enough time to provide their information under the new rules. "Most
farming and ranching organizations have been able to comply with the actively
engaged rule," said Vilsack. "This one-time extension should give producers who
may still need to update their farm structure information the additional time to
do so." The 2014 Farm Bill provided the Secretary with the direction and
authority to amend the Actively Engaged in Farming rules related to management.
The final rule established limits on the number of individuals who can qualify
as actively engaged using only management. Only one payment limit for management
is allowed under the rule, with the ability to request up to two additional
qualifying managers operations for large and complex operations. The rule does
not apply to farming operations comprised entirely of family members. The rule
also does not change the existing regulations related to contributions of land,
capital, equipment or labor, or the existing regulations related to landowners
with a risk in the crop or to spouses. Producers that planted fall crops have
until the 2017 crop year to comply with the new rules. The payment limit
associated with Farm Service Agency farm payments is generally limited annually
to $125,000 per individual or entity. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen
and support American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American
jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we
consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials. USDA has also provided $5.6 billion of disaster
relief to farmers and ranchers; expanded risk management tools with products
like to Whole Farm Revenue Protection; and helped farm businesses grow with $36
billion in farm credit. The Department has engaged its resources to support a
strong next generation of farmers and ranchers by improving access to land and
capital; building new markets and market opportunities; extending new
conservation opportunities. USDA has developed new markets for rural-made
products, including more than 2,500 biobased products through USDA's
BioPreferred program; and invested $64 billion in infrastructure and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

48.6% Pakistan population food insecure: survey

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Nov. 9 -- Pakistan overnment direly needs to adopt strategic approach
to ensure food security by taking demand, supply and production into account
because 48.6% population of the country is without access to sufficient food,
according to a survey conducted by PPI.

Food Security means a condition in which all people have access to adequate
nutritious and safe food. As the population of the country has grown to high
level, the food insecurity has been deepening with each passing day. The
availability of natural resources as compared to population need is reducing,
causing food insecurity. FATA has 67.7% food insecure population, Balochistan
61.2%, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 56.2%. Food insecurity is also on the rise in rural
Sindh and some 63 % of its population (urban and rural) has suffered decline in
real wages and is forced to take cheaper food with less nutrient value.

In Pakistan, large family size is forced to expense 46 % of the family income on
food while the food expenditures in India are 35% and the United States 7%.
Malnutrition is a health problem in Pakistan and plays a substantial role in the
countrys elevated child morbidity and mortality.

There is need to bring agriculture reforms in the county by providing lucrative
crop subsidies, introducing agriculture farming, ending corporate farming and
providing easy loans to farmers. The government also needs to reduce inflation
rate, which is the major factor behind food insecurity. The corporate farming in
the country also adds to food insecurity, poverty and inflation.

Some Gulf countries have purchased lands in Pakistan, particularly in Sindh and
Balochistan as part of corporate farming that would cause water scarcity and
deprive local farming community of their rights.

It will also cause food insecurity in rural areas, putting the livelihood of
poor people at stake. Such kind of land purchasing is land grabbing, so there is
dire need to accelerate efforts against such onslaughts. The UAE has purchased
324,000 hectares of farmland in the Punjab and Sindh provinces of Pakistan in
June 2008. Investors from Abu Dhabi bought about 16,000 hectares of farmland in
Balochistan. Emirates Investment Group and Abraaj Capital are also investing
directly in corporate farming. Such kind of purchasing is a land grabbing which
will deprive local people of land and cause food insecurity.

Agriculture is central to economic growth and development in Pakistan. Being the
dominant sector it contributes 21.4 percent to GDP, employs 45 percent of the
country?s labour force and contributes in the growth of other sectors of the
economy. The healthy expansion in agriculture stimulates domestic demand for
industrial goods and other services and supplying raw material to agro-based
industry notably cotton textile industry which is the largest subsector of
manufacturing sector.

The government under paradigm of the new growth strategy envisioned to enhance
growth in agriculture sector by facilitating agriculture productivity
sustainable environment, increasing competitiveness in agriculture marketing and
trade by providing friendly climate for more investment in the sector. However,
draft tenth 5 years plan also envisages improving the productivity,
profitability competitiveness and environmental sustainability of agriculture.

Balochistan has the highest number of districts with worst conditions for food
security. The 20 districts of Pakistan with worst conditions for food security
include 10 districts from Balochistan, 5 from FATA; 3 from KPK; and 1 from
Gilgit Baltistan (GB) and Sindh each. The number of districts from Balochistan
in this category has doubled since 2003.

Dera Bugti, Musa Khel, Upper Dir, North Waziristan, Kohistan, Muhmmand,
Dalbidin, South Waziristan, Orakzai, and Panjgur are the 10 districts with worst
conditions for food security in Pakistan. Islamabad Capital Territory is the
most food secure district of Pakistan. Among the top twenty districts with best
conditions for food security, besides Islamabad, are 14 districts in Punjab and
5districts in Sindh.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday

Grass-fed meat promises to revive health benefits

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 481 words


Humans evolved eating mostly animal protein, writes Gerald Piddock .

--------------------

Farming and consuming grass-fed red meat might just save the planet.

This form of farming was completely sustainable, nutritional therapist Nora
Gedgaudas told farmers and visitors at the World Angus Forum in Rotorua.

It is also the predominant method of farming livestock in New Zealand.

"Grass-fed meat may just be the most healthy and sustainable food source on
Earth," she said.

Much of the earth's landmass was unsuitable for agriculture, yet it could
support grazing livestock while providing nutritionally dense food, she said.

Grass-fed beef was vastly nutritionally superior to grain-fed beef. It had a
higher omega-3 content and was also loaded with minerals and vitamins,
antioxidants and conjugated linoleic acids, which reduce the risks of cancer,
obesity and diabetics.

This is because the health of the meat is directly related to the health of the
animal.

She questioned whether the feedlot systems used overseas to finish cattle was
the future of food production because many of the nutritional advantages seen in
grass-fed beef were lost.

Gedgaudas is an expert in Paleolithic nutrition and runs a private practice in
the United States.

She is the author of the book, Primal Body, Primal Mind, which looks at diet and
health from an evolutionary point of view.

She argued that humans would lead healthier lives by adapting Paleolithic
principles.

Studies showed that meat and animal fat made up 90 per cent of the diet of early
humans and this form of food played a critical role in the human diet and brain
development, she said.

The human genetic expression had not changed significantly over the past 200,000
years and humans were genetically and psychologically hunter- gatherers.

Humans were designed to get their protein from animal-sourced foods, which were
of huge nutritional importance.

This changed with the emergence of modern agriculture. Humans had progressively
lost about 10 per cent of brain volume since the adoption of an agricultural
lifestyle about 10,000 years ago, Gedgaudas said.

It also resulted in a change of human diet, where the consumption of high
energy, fat rich foods of animal origin were replaced by less energy-dense and
more health compromising grains, which human were not genetically adapted for.
In modern times, 90 per cent of the world's food supply is provided by 17
species of plants which were entirely new to the human diet, she said.

The No 1 source of calories in the United States diet was fructose corn syrup
and the No 1 source of fat calories was soya bean oil.

"That's not fat folks, that's frankenfat, so today Western society is
essentially committing carbocide."

--------------------

CAPTION:

Saving the world: Farming grass-fed meat could be the most sustainable food
source on the planet, says nutritional therapist Nora Gedgaudas.

Nora Gedgaudas

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            July 16, 2003, Wednesday

POTATO PRICES FALL BACK

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 116 words


EARLY potato prices in Great Britain eased last week as, in the drier weather
conditions, more growers were lifting.

Prices for early season chipping material remained firm, according to the
British Potato Council.

Meanwhile, in the United States, the autumn potato acreage is reported to be
down compared to last week.

The National Agricultural Statistics Service of the United States Department of
Agriculture released its report on Crop Production on Friday.

According to the report, a total of 1,114,400 acres was planted with potatoes in
the autumn-producing states this year (1,144,200 acres were planted last year).
This is 2.6 per cent below last year's plantings.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 10, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

Farm Population Down 50% in Last 20 Years;
Many of Those Who Remain Rely on Second Jobs for Adequate Income, Data Show

Barbara Vobejda, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 634 words


The number of Americans living on farms has been cut in half over the last 20
years, the federal government reported yesterday, and an increasing number of
those who remain have taken jobs off the farm to make ends meet.

Altogether, the statistics released yesterday provide further evidence of the
dramatic changes that have swept across rural America as technology and
economics have improved productivity and pushed down the number of farmers and
small farms.

"It's basically a response to technological change," said Calvin Beale, a
demographer at the Agriculture Department. Mechanization and the use of more
chemicals, better seeds and improved farming techniques mean that today, "there
is simply no need for all the people we had in farming," he said.

The report, issued by the Census Bureau and the Agriculture Department, makes
clear the extent to which the national landscape has changed: From 1820 to 1870,
more than half of all workers were in farm-related jobs, while the figure was
just under 3 percent in 1990.

The number of farm residents in 1910, at 32 million, was more than seven times
the 1990 figure of about 4.5 million.

Despite the popular notion of farm families working their land, today only about
a third of per- sons employed in farming live on farms.

Even those who live on their land are increasingly likely to work in occupations
other than farming. That is especially true of female farm residents, many of
whom have taken jobs in the service sector.

While much of this outside employment has been an effort to bolster the family
budget, experts point out that the trend also mirrors increasing employment
among urban women and that many farm women are pursuing careers as teachers,
nurses and other professionals.

In the past, said Glenn Fuguitt, a rural sociologist at the University of
Wisconsin, "part-time farming was viewed as a kind of an aberration." Today, he
said, "it's clear it's a way of life for more and more people."

The result of this increasing off-the-farm work has been to help drive up the
income of farm families and close the gap between farm and nonfarm income, said
Laarni Dacquel, one of the authors of the report. The median income of farm
households rose over 19 percent from 1987 to 1989, the report said, reaching $
28,824 and matching the figure for nonfarm households.

The most dramatic decline in farm population has taken place in the South since
1950, driven in part by the large-scale migration to the North of blacks, many
of whom left small farms.

While the economics of farming has been a major factor in the decline in farm
residents, a second trend has also been important, according to experts: falling
fertility among farm families has reduced the number of potential heirs to the
farm.

And of those who might be interested in taking over the family farm, "there are
fewer and fewer who feel they can take the risk," said Beale.

He said the jarring farm crisis of the early 1980s provided dramatic evidence of
the financial risk of following in parents' footsteps.

At the same time, the proportion of U.S. land employed in farming has not fallen
so precipitously. In 1880, when the nation was much smaller, about 28 percent of
its land was in farms. That figure grew to 50 percent in 1920, then to 57
percent in 1970, according to Dacquel. By 1990, the number was down to 51
percent.

In large part, that reflects the consolidation of farms necessitated by more
expensive methods and equipment. Much of the same land that was farmed in
smaller tracts for decades is now part of a large and disconnected tract.

"It's still the family farm, it's just 10,000 acres, and you may have four
abandoned farmhouses on it," said Donald C. Dahmann, a geographer at the Census
Bureau and co-author of the report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: CHART, FEWER ON THE FARM. (DATA FROM CHART WAS UNAVAILABLE.), JOHN
ANDERSON

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           August 23, 2003, Saturday

UFU ASSESSES CEREAL PRICES

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 435 words


THE Ulster Farmers' Union has been assessing market conditions for cereal
growers, as this year's harvest progresses well, boosted by generally good
weather conditions.

County Down cereal grower, Graham Furey, who is chairman of the Union's Seeds
and Cereals Committee, said: "Dried barley is currently averaging pounds 88 to
pounds 89 per tonne delivered, while wheat is averaging pounds 98 to pounds 99
per tonne delivered."

The UFU said that this meant barley at 20 per cent moisture content should be
making approximately pounds 75 per tonne ex-field.

The Union also commented on straw prices, stating that 4x4 round bales were
fetching pounds 8 to pounds 9 each, while small bales were making 80p to 90p
each.

The Union said prices for grain and straw may be slightly higher in the west of
the Province.

Meanwhile, United States Agriculture Secretary, Ann M Veneman, and Georgian
Minister of Agriculture and Food, David Kirvalidze, have signed a donation
agreement for 50,000 metric tons of US hard red winter wheat. Georgia borders
the Black Sea between Turkey and Russia.

"This donation of US wheat helps meet the needs of Georgia's people at a time of
reduced regional supplies, while also supporting that government's commitment to
more market-oriented agricultural and economic development," Ms Veneman said.
"We are pleased that we can offer this assistance to Georgia."

The US wheat donated to the government of Georgia will be sold locally to meet
urgent needs in the marketplace.

The wheat will be used by flourmills, bakeries and other firms to increase local
supplies of bread and other wheat-based products. Georgia is a net importer of
wheat. The donated wheat is expected to depart US ports next month for October
delivery.

Proceeds from the wheat sales will be used by the government of Georgia for
projects in areas such as private agribusiness and market development, credit
programs, water use, animal husbandry, rural extension, and the development and
enforcement of food safety policies.

The signing of the agreement followed a meeting between Ms Veneman and Mr
Kirvalidze.

In June of this year, Mr Kirvalidze participated as a speaker in the Ministerial
Conference on Agricultural Science and Technology hosted by USDA in Sacramento.

The donation will be made under USDAs Food for Progress programme, administered
by the Foreign Agricultural Service. The Food for Progress programme provides
for USDA donations of agricultural commodities to needy countries to encourage
economic or agricultural reforms that foster free enterprise.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 9, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AGRICULTURE CLASS ENROLLMENTS DROP

BYLINE: By THOMAS J. KNUDSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 51, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1056 words

DATELINE: FARMINGDALE, L.I.


The stark images of struggle and hardship on the American farm are causing
extensive problems for agricultural universities in the New York region.

Enrollments in agricultural classes have declined so precipitously that some
schools, like the State University Agricultural and Technical College here at
Farmingdale, are dropping their farm curriculums altogether. And many
institutions are shifting their curriculums away from traditional courses in
farm production toward classes in genetic engineering, food processing and other
more promising fields.

''There has been a backlash to the farm difficulties in the Western states,''
said John P. H. Brand, associate dean of the University of Connecticut's college
of agriculture and natural resources, where enrollment has slumped 53 percent
since 1976. ''Parents are asking their children, 'Why the devil would you want
to go into agriculture when farmers are going out of business?' ''

The problem has been compounded by the historical movement of people from rural
to urban areas, by a nationwide drop in numbers of high school-aged youth and -
in states like New York, New Jersey and Connecticut -the decline of farming
itself and the rise of urbanization. The Farmingdale campus, for instance, was
once surrounded by potato fields and dairy farms, but is now bordered by office
buildings, restaurants and crowded highways.

'Like Working in a Morgue'

The lagging interest in agriculture is posing serious academic, economic, and
morale problems at a wide range of colleges around the country as well - from
such traditional agricultural powerhouses as Purdue University to tiny two-year
schools like Farmingdale.

''It's depressing - it's like working in a morgue,'' said Walter Becker, a
professor of agriculture at Farmingdale, where classes in basic farming are
being terminated at the end of this school year.

The situation is serious enough that administrators from major New England
agricultural colleges are discussing ways of consolidating resources and
equipment, an economy measure that could become familiar across the nation, Dr.
Brand said. ''Eventually, I hypothesize that we could see 20 ''super-colleges'
of agriculture scattered across the country,'' he said.

Ironically, the problems have arisen as job opportunities in many agricultural
sectors are expanding, especially in fields not directly tied to the farm. The
United States Department of Agriculture predicts that by 1990 there will be
''significant shortages'' of graduates to fill jobs in food technology,
veterinary medicine, commodities trading, biotechnology and scores of other
areas.

'A Dirty Word'

''People don't realize that agriculture is not just farming anymore,'' said
Richard V. Telloni, an associate professor of agriculture at Farmingdale. ''When
people think of agriculture, they think of all the family farms going out of
business. Agriculture has almost become a dirty word.''

The number of undergraduate students attending major, four-year agricultural
colleges in the United States dropped from 98,500 in 1977 to 64,424 in 1985,
according to the National Association of State Universities and Land-Grant
Colleges. The decline of nearly 35 percent is unusually steep, even in an era of
declining college enrollments.

''Agriculture has been a trend-setter in this area,'' said K. Jane Coulter,
director of the office of higher education programs for the Agriculture
Department. ''The National Center for Education Statistics is predicting a 1
percent enrollment decline per year for all disciplines. Agriculture would be
delighted to experience that.''

The tumble in agricultural enrollments began in 1977, five years before national
college enrollments began to drop, she said. ''Agriculture seems to be locked
into a pretty steady decline. And unfortunately we don't anticipate being able
to stabilize it in the near future,'' Mrs. Coulter said.

Computers More Glamorous

And as enrollments have dropped, so, too, has academic achievement, because the
brightest college-bound students are choosing more glamorous disciplines like
computer science.

Many colleges are trying to reverse the trend by increasing their recruiting and
advertising. ''This is the first time I can remember agricultural schools in the
Northeast advertising for students,'' said Randolph E. Larson, chairman of
Farmingdale's agriculture department, where freshmen enrollment dropped from
about 200 in the mid-1970's to 35 last year.

One advertisement, placed by the University of Connecticut recently in a farm
magazine, said: ''Our nation is facing a growing shortage of qualified
professionals in the food and agricultural sciences. You can enjoy a satisfying
career and help meet that need.''

A small number of schools, like Cornell University, have escaped the downward
spiral of farm students. ''We're a rarity,'' said George Conneman, associate
dean of academic programs at Cornell's College of Agriculture and Life Science.
''Our enrollment has held at about 3,000 for the past 10 years.'' One reason for
that is the school's reputation, Mr. Conneman said. ''We've got some very strong
programs, stronger than other agricultural colleges. Biotechnology is one.
Business management is another.'' The changes at Farmingdale come as the school
prepares to celebrate its 75th anniversary, an awkward bit of timing for a
school founded primarily to teach farming. ''It's tragic that on the 75th
anniversary of the college, its founding curriculum is being disposed of,''
Professor Becker said.

The agriculture department's seven faculty members will not lose their jobs. One
is transferring to Cornell and the others will begin teaching other subjects not
directly tied to farming, such as horticulture, landscaping and veterinary
science.

''You have to serve the population where you're located,'' Professor Telloni
said. ''There is only one dairy farm left on Long Island today and only a few
poultry farms. There are fewer potatoes but more vegetables and ornamentals. So
I support what's happening.''

But for others, there is a profound sense of loss. ''Look at this,'' Professor
Becker said, pointing to a file cabinet containing 30 years' worth of notes,
slides and films for his classes on poultry science. ''What do I do with this
material now? It's mind-boggling.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Walter Becker with chickens (NYT/Gary Guisinger)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            January 20, 2003, Monday

Sure return on investment

SECTION: ADVERTISING; SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 8; EDUCATIONAL OPTIONS LINCOLN UNIVERSITY;
E

LENGTH: 427 words


Education, like a business venture, is a matter of investment.

One looks at the market, assesses the future, and makes one's move.

If the investment is in education, such as a Lincoln University Bachelor of
Agricultural Science degree, there is a four-year horizon.

If it is a Bachelor of Agriculture or a Bachelor of Commerce (Agriculture), the
horizon is three years.

If it is a Diploma in Farm Management, it is two years plus a year of practical
work on farms.

So, what is the future for agriculture, and what is the dividend that might be
expected?

The forecasts for dairy and deer farming over the next few years are optimistic,
says the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry's December 18 situation and
outlook report.

While predictions are not quite so bright for lamb and sheep numbers, fertility
and carcase rates will rise. Wool prices will increase, and the United States
beef market will peak in 2004, says the report.

"Positive messages such as these are helpful signals for school leavers and
others who are thinking about embarking on agricultural courses at Lincoln,"
says the university's professor of farm management

and agribusiness, Keith Woodford.

Lincoln's three main agricultural qualifications are the Bachelor of
Agricultural Science and Bachelor of Commerce (Agriculture), and the Diploma in
Farm Management.

Complementing these are the Bachelor of Agriculture, Postgraduate Diploma in
Agricultural Science, Postgraduate Diploma in Agricultural Engineering, Master
of Applied Science in Farm Management Consultancy, Master of Professional
Studies in Agribusiness Management, Graduate Certificate in Agriculture, and
research degrees at masters' and doctoral levels.

"When you study agriculture at Lincoln, you're well backed by resources and
facilities built up by the university over the years," says Professor Woodford.

"If you're specialising in dairying, for example, there's the state-of-the- art
dairy farm just a couple of kilometres from the campus.

"There is, too, Kowhai Farm, the Heinz Wattie's Organic Farm at Lincoln
University."

Supporting farm management and agribusiness studies at the university this year
will be Dr Steve Sonka, a visiting professorial fellow in food, marketing, and
agribusiness from the United States.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Where there's a wheel: his mobility impaired by a car accident, masterate
student Dave Power uses a four-wheel-drive motorcycle to reach sites at Lincoln
University's research farm, Mount Grand Station, in Central Otago.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Fairfax New Zealand


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 18, 1996, Monday

THE GOOD AND BAD NEWS ON KARNAL BUNT

BYLINE: PAUL F. CONLEY; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


A fungal disease with a funky name, karnal bunt, left ships full of U.S. grain
treading water for a few days.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Tuesday issued a ban on grain exports
after karnal bunt was discovered in durum wheat seeds in Arizona. The disease
has not been found anywhere else in the United States.

Karnal bunt (sometimes called partial bunt) can't hurt you and it can't kill
you. It's a non-toxic disease that reduces grain yield.

Karnal bunt can also ruin the taste of grain. Flour made from contaminated grain
smells and tastes lousy.

The biggest threat from karnal bunt, according to the Animal Health Inspection
Service of the USDA, is to wheat-production volume. Infected plants produce less
grain.

As a result, the treatment (if the disease is found to have spread into a field)
is fire. Infected wheat fields would be burned.

Karnal bunt can infect wheat, durum wheat or triticale (a hybrid of wheat and
rye.)

Now here's the really bad news: karnal bunt can spread quickly. The disease is
caused by a fungus called Tilletia Indica Mitra and is spread by spores. In
other words, it's carried by air. The spores can be carried on plants, seeds,
grain elevators, storage containers and vehicles. In soil, the spores can live
for about five years.

Here's the good news: the spores don't travel well. They are fragile, and don't
live long outside of a grain field.

Karnal bunt has so far been detected only in a small sample of durum seed (the
least-exported type of wheat) and only in Arizona (the most-isolated of U.S.
wheat-growing regions).

Durum wheat is the ''hardest'' of all wheat classes. Hard refers to wheat
content with a high protein concentration, usually 11 percent to 18 percent.
Durum is specially bred for use in pasta products. The milling process results
in a coarse, granular product called semolina.

The major production area for durum wheat is North Dakota. Lesser amounts are
grown in Minnesota, Montana, South Dakota and Arizona.

China, a huge purchaser of U.S. wheat, for example, doesn't buy durum wheat.

The major class of U.S.-grown wheat is hard red winter. The majority of HRW
wheat is grown in western Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma and the Texas panhandle.
HRW is used to make high-grade flour for use in breads.

China is a major buyer of HRW.

Although no HRW has been infected, grain traders are still worried.

''It (karnal bunt) is airborne. It could be anywhere,'' said Bill Biedermann,
director of research for Allendale Inc., a commodities research firm in McHenry,
Ill.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related article on page 1A: Wheat export ban is loosening

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 13, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CORN BELT WAITS FOR RAIN AND CUT IN INTEREST RATE

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: SLIFER, Iowa, May 10


How much rain falls in the next six weeks and how high interest rates go this
spring are of more concern in the Corn Belt this week than whether the Russians
will buy any more American grain.

After an unusually dry fall and winter, this central area of Iowa, normally one
of the richest corn and soybean areas anywhere, now has very little subsoil
moisture to carry crops through the critical pollination period in early July.

''There are only two and a half to five inches of moisture in the top five feet
of my land right now,'' said Garland C. Hanson, one of Webster County's more
successful grain growers.

''Normally we expect to start with eight to 10 inches,'' he added.  ''From now
on the rain will have to come at the right time, and the temperatures will have
to stay low in July. Otherwise we are going to leave a lot of our yield.''

Soybean Following the Corn

A biting north wind was driving across his flat, coal-black fields as Mr. Hanson
and his son, David, filled their huge planter with seed to start their soybean
crop into 400 acres of their normally rich ground. The Hansons' 770 acres of
corn were planted a week ago between stingy rain showers.

On the basis of early surveys, the forecasters are expecting American grain
farmers to plant even more corn than they did last year when, despite a
late-summer drought in many areas, they produced a very large crop.

Even though grain sales to the Soviet Union were curtailed by President Carter
throughout 1980, other foreign demand was great enough to push corn prices up to
almost $1 a bushel more than in 1979 and soybean prices about $1.50 higher.

This demand was rapidly reducing corn reserves, and the Agriculture Department
now expects only about a month's supply left over when the corn harvest begins
in October.

Effect on Meat Prices

Consequently, consumers may have just as much concern about the weather over the
Corn Belt as Mr. Hanson does. If the rains do not fall at the right time and the
1981 feed grain crop is slashed, the soaring feed costs that follow will reduce
livestock production and force meat prices up again.

Mr. Hanson said that today's grain prices were ''pretty fair'' to the farmers.
But he and most of his neighbors have to borrow from $180,000 to $200,000 each
year for operating and equipment costs.  With interest rates running above 18
percent and fuel and fertilizer costs rising, he could see his profit prospects
diminishing daily, he said.

''If we're lucky enough to get timely rains, we will have another bumper crop,''
he said. ''If the Russians should decide to buy more from us, corn and soybean
prices should stay about where they are. If the Russians don't buy, then our
prices will drop and we'll be lucky to break even. If the weather stays bad,
those prices could move up, no matter what the Russians do. But we'd have a lot
less grain to sell.''

No matter what happens, it is difficult today to generate much enthusiasm among
farmers in this area, Mr. Hanson said. ''Lifting the embargo hasn't meant
anything to us,'' he added. ''If the Russians decide to buy more, or if they
don't, it's the interest rates and the lack of rain that worries us a lot
more.''

Russian Market Believed Lost

Mr. Hanson said that he believed the Soviet Union had found other foreign
countries that would sell them corn and soybeans this fall and that the Russian
market was probably lost.

In nearby Greene County, another of Iowa's best producing areas in normal years,
Max Naylor agreed with him.  ''We're thinking the show is over,'' he said. ''The
Russians have found other markets and we have lost them as significant
customers.'' Mr. Naylor, one of the largest producers in this area some 60 miles
north of Des Moines, was following an assistant who was pulling a huge harrow
over a planted field in an effort to pull out weeds that had popped up because
it had been too dry for a herbicide to work as it should.

''We've had only three inches of rain here in this area since last fall and we
should have more than twice that much,'' he said.  ''Right now I'd settle for a
mediocre crop. But my chance of getting even that is about the same as betting
on a 100-to-1 shot at the race track.''

He also agreed with Mr. Hanson that if the rains were timely in July, his yields
could reach levels that he is accustomed to.

Elements Affecting Prices

The resumption of Soviet purchases of American grain would certainly improve
price prospects, Mr. Naylor said.  ''But there are four other elements that are
a lot more important right now,'' he went on. ''The deregulation of energy
prices has raised my fuel and fertilizer costs. Deregulation and transportation
has pushed up freight rates, costing us more to ship gain to market.  And those
floating interest rates are making money so expensive to borrow that I can't see
making much profit on anything this fall. And when the weather prospects are
added to the above, it's enough to leave me a nervous wreck.''

This spring's high rates of interest are already having depressing effects on
farm equipment sales in this area, where unemployment in the small, farm-related
industries is rising at an alarming rate.

''That's something we aren't used to,'' Mr. Naylor said. ''Even in the recession
in 1974 and 1975, our weather and prices were reasonably good and we never felt
any slowdown around here. It's already started this year.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Garland and David Hanson, farmers in Iowa

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Agriculture show opens platform for investment opportunities

LENGTH: 441 words


RIYADH: MD RASOOLDEEN | ARAB NEWS STAFFMore than 20,000 people visited the
four-day Saudi Agriculture 2013, which ended in Riyadh on Wednesday.

The event, the 32nd international agriculture, water and agro-industry show, was
opened by Agriculture Minister Fahd Balghonaim.

It served as a platform to highlight investment opportunities in the Kingdom's
agricultural sector, besides focusing on the strong support extended by the
government to the agricultural sector, which is a key factor in attracting
regional and international investment.

More than 300 exhibitors from Saudi Arabia and countries, including Morocco,
China, Egypt, Germany, Hungary, India, Italy, Malaysia, Pakistan, Taiwan,
Turkey, the UAE and the United States, displayed their products and services on
an area spanning 15,000 sqm. This edition of Saudi Agriculture generated
overwhelming feedback from exhibitors.

S.S. Nayyar, a representative of the Indian contingent, said: "This is the
fourth consecutive year that India is participating in the event. During the
first year, there were only 22 Indian companies and we now have 42 companies
participating in the event and looking to capitalize on the vast trade
opportunities available between the two countries. India is the fourth largest
trade partner within the Kingdom." Bilateral trade between the two countries was
valued at $43 billion in 2012-2013 and Indian exports of food and agro products
to the Kingdom reached $1.2 billion during the same period.

Saudi Agriculture 2013 has provided the ideal business-to-business platform for
exhibitors and trade visitors to capitalize on the growth of the Saudi
agriculture and food market that has been achieving the largest growth levels in
the region and holds major potential for new businesses.

The exhibition showcased the latest in animal health and production,
agricultural finance and banking, agricultural products and services, chemicals
and fertilizers, cold storage and crop production, dairy farming products and
equipment, fisheries and fish farming, greenhouses, handling and transport
systems, irrigation and landscaping equipment, machinery and spare parts,
organic farming, packaging systems and products, pesticides, pumps and pipe
systems, seeds and soil nutrition products, spraying machinery, water treatment,
water management systems and warehousing.

Saudi Agriculture 2013 was held concurrently with Saudi Agro-Food 2013 and Saudi
Food-Pack 2013, featuring the latest products, technologies and services in
areas ranging from frozen and chilled foods, confectionery, chocolates, health
and natural foods, presentation, processing and packaging equipment.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2013 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 31, 2004, Saturday

FARMING BRIEFS

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 207 words


o FOUR regional meetings of IFA County Executive Officers will take place over
the next two weeks to examine the implications for farming of measures included
in the draft Nitrates Directive Action Programme, published by the Departments
of Agriculture and the Environment before Christmas.

o IN the 2003 calendar year, Japan imported 576,086 tonnes of beef, comprising
283,673 tonnes from Australia, (49 per cent share of total imports), 267,288
tonnes from the US (46 per cent) and 25,125 tonnes from Canada, New Zealand and
other countries (four per cent).

o SIX special seminars for dairy farmers are being held Teagasc and Glanbia in
the Republic of Ireland next month.

o US fastfood giant, McDonald's, has said it expects to roll out its Go Active!
Happy Meals for adults across the United States later this year.

o PUBLIC meetings to discuss proposals for new agricultural waste management
controls are being held by the Welsh Assembly Government and Department for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs during February 2004.

o SINN Fein spokesmen on agriculture, Martin Ferris and Gerry McHugh, have
strongly condemned the decision by the European Commission to allow the sale of
genetically modified maize.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   January 8, 1994, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

Citrus farming heads south

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 274 words

DATELINE: Miami, FL


Florida's citrus industry is inching further south with each killer freeze, a
migration that has driven most of the orange groves out of Orange County and
left very little citrus fruit in Citrus County.

Florida has escaped the chill so far this winter. Fruit damage occurs when
temperatures dip below -2 C for at least four hours, while sustained
temperatures in the -7 C range can kill the trees, said Paul Messenger, a citrus
expert with the Florida Department of Agriculture.

Despite a series of damaging freezes over the past decade, citrus farming
remains Florida's top agricultural industry, producing US$3.3 billion worth of
fruit annually and pumping US$6 billion a year into the state's economy.

The march to warmer climes began shortly after Florida's first groves were
planted along the St. Johns River in the northeast corner of the state in the
1860s, Messenger said.

A series of freezes in the 1880s and 1890s killed the trees and drove the citrus
farmers 160 to 225 kilometres south, to the central inland region around Orlando
and Lakeland.

The development of frozen orange juice concentrate after the Second World War
fuelled a planting boom that pushed the groves down into the Indian River area,
just north of the Everglades on the Atlantic Coast.

But the central third of the state dominated Florida's citrus industry for
nearly a century, Messenger said. The swampy southern third was considered
unsuitable until a vicious freeze hit the state in 1962.

''That did so much damage that people thought, 'If we're going to stay in the
citrus business, we're going to have to go further south.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 2, 2008 Tuesday
                                9:20 PM EDITION

CROP REPORT: RAIN URGENTLY NEEDED

BYLINE: Mike Miller

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 434 words


The weekly Crop Progress report from the United States Department of
Agriculture's Wisconsin field office says rain is needed throughout the state,
and little was seen in the past week.

"Growers in the west central part of the state received some much needed rain,
while the rest of the state saw trace amounts at best," this week's report says.
"Dry conditions have stressed crops, and rain is urgently needed.

Corn continues to mature, but many farmers fear an early frost could hit before
the crop is mature enough to harvest. In Price County in the north, it was
reported Monday that about one-third of the corn crop was frosted or frozen,
with various degrees of damage. "Many fields in the southern part of the county
were killed outright," the report says.

The widespread drought in the state, in stark contrast to the summer floods,
continues to hurt major crops such as corn and soybeans, the report says.

Only 26 percent of the state reported adequate soil moisture conditions, down
from last week. The report says soil moisture conditions were 29 percent very
short, 46 percent short, 26 percent adequate, with no area of the state
reporting a surplus of soil moisture.

Some 61 percent of corn is in the dough stage, while 20 percent has completed
the dent stage. But dry conditions hurt corn development in many fields, the
report says. "Crop condition was reported as 8 percent very poor, 17 percent
poor, 26 percent fair, 41 percent good and 8 percent very good. The 49 percent
reported as good to excellent is down from 62 percent reported as good to
excellent the previous week," the report noted.

Similarly, the number of pods and beans in the pods in the soybean crop were
down because of dry conditions, the report says. "Soybean conditions were
reported as 10 percent very poor, 19 percent poor, 21 percent fair, 43 percent
good, and 7 percent excellent. The 50 percent reported as good to excellent is
down from 64 percent reported as good to excellent," last week, the report says.

Tobacco farmers might be the only ones who are looking for a few more dry days.
The tobacco harvest is in full swing in Dane County, with reports that the crop
is of very good quality so far.

Eau Claire was the only major reporting city which had more than an inch of rain
last week, with 1.66 recorded there. The rest of the state had fractions of an
inch, with Madison reporting 0.43 inches. Even though Madison has recorded more
than 13 inches above average of rainfall for the year, the ground remains
extremely dry, with 75 percent of farmers in Dane County reporting very short or
short moisture conditions.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  To view the Web version of the story, go to
http://www.madison.com/tct/news/stories/303186

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 17, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Grains and Soybeans Register Strong Gains

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 321 words


Prices for grain and soybean futures rose sharply yesterday on the Chicago Board
of Trade.  Corn prices rose when a report from South Africa indicated that dry
weather there could reduce the crop by 4 million to 5 million metric tons, which
would make South Africa an importer rather than an exporter, said Richard Loewy,
a grain analyst in New York with Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. He noted that
South Africa had planned to export 4 million to 5 million tons.

Uncertainty over how the Agriculture Department will handle a provision in the
payment-in-kind program in which farmers can offer to idle their entire acreage
left the market confused. A report that the department would make an
announcement about the program before the scheduled bid opening on Friday
prompted the uncertainty, but generally supported prices.

Payment for Idling Acreage

Analysts said an announcement before Friday could mean that enrollment in the
program was exceptionally strong. A survey by Heinold Commodities released
yesterday indicated that 81 percent of the nation's grain farmers would
participate in the program, more than most analysts had expected. The survey
said corn acreage could fall this year by 28.4 percent.

Wheat prices also advanced, although not as sharply, as concern persisted that
exports may fall because of trade friction between the United States and China,
Mr. Loewy said.

Cattle prices were higher in light trading. John Ginzel, an analyst with Drexel
Burnham Lambert Inc., said traders anticipated that prices for beef on wholesale
cash markets today would be steady to higher.

Live hogs and frozen pork bellies continued to fall, with supplies considered
burdensome and demand moderate, Mr. Ginzel said. The pork complex is clouded by
uncertainty because of the wide range of predictions regarding the inventory and
breeding stocks report due next week from the Department of Agriculture, he
added.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                           October 24, 2013 Thursday

Grass-fed meat promises to revive health benefits

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 481 words


Humans evolved eating mostly animal protein, writes Gerald Piddock .

--------------------

Farming and consuming grass-fed red meat might just save the planet.

This form of farming was completely sustainable, nutritional therapist Nora
Gedgaudas told farmers and visitors at the World Angus Forum in Rotorua.

It is also the predominant method of farming livestock in New Zealand.

"Grass-fed meat may just be the most healthy and sustainable food source on
Earth," she said.

Much of the earth's landmass was unsuitable for agriculture, yet it could
support grazing livestock while providing nutritionally dense food, she said.

Grass-fed beef was vastly nutritionally superior to grain-fed beef. It had a
higher omega-3 content and was also loaded with minerals and vitamins,
antioxidants and conjugated linoleic acids, which reduce the risks of cancer,
obesity and diabetics.

This is because the health of the meat is directly related to the health of the
animal.

She questioned whether the feedlot systems used overseas to finish cattle was
the future of food production because many of the nutritional advantages seen in
grass-fed beef were lost.

Gedgaudas is an expert in Paleolithic nutrition and runs a private practice in
the United States.

She is the author of the book, Primal Body, Primal Mind, which looks at diet and
health from an evolutionary point of view.

She argued that humans would lead healthier lives by adapting Paleolithic
principles.

Studies showed that meat and animal fat made up 90 per cent of the diet of early
humans and this form of food played a critical role in the human diet and brain
development, she said. The human genetic expression had not changed
significantly over the past 200,000 years and humans were genetically and
psychologically hunter- gatherers.

Humans were designed to get their protein from animal-sourced foods, which were
of huge nutritional importance.

This changed with the emergence of modern agriculture. Humans had progressively
lost about 10 per cent of brain volume since the adoption of an agricultural
lifestyle about 10,000 years ago, Gedgaudas said.

It also resulted in a change of human diet, where the consumption of high
energy, fat rich foods of animal origin were replaced by less energy-dense and
more health compromising grains, which human were not genetically adapted for.
In modern times, 90 per cent of the world's food supply is provided by 17
species of plants which were entirely new to the human diet, she said.

The No 1 source of calories in the United States diet was fructose corn syrup
and the No 1 source of fat calories was soya bean oil.

"That's not fat, folks, that's frankenfat, so today Western society is
essentially committing carbocide." Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Saving the world: Farming grass-fed meat could be the most sustainable food
source on the planet, says nutritional therapist Nora Gedgaudas.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Ogden Reporter

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 19, 2009

Nearly all Iowa corn fields have tasseled;
But there has been some severe crop damage

BYLINE: The Ogden Reporter staff

LENGTH: 563  words


Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey today commented on the Iowa Crops and
Weather report released by the USDA National Agricultural Statistical Service.
The report is released weekly from April through October.

"Crop development continues to advance, but much of the corn remains a week to
ten days behind the five-year average," Northey said. "Farmers also continue
spraying to control pest and disease outbreaks."

The weekly report is also available on the Iowa Department of Agriculture and
Land Stewardship's website at www.IowaAgriculture.gov. The report follows here:

Thunderstorms generate mixed outcomes

AGRICULTURAL SUMMARY: Iowa again received beneficial moisture during the week as
heat units continued to rise. Moisture came with isolated but severe crop damage
in Central Iowa. Many counties reported increased spraying for soybean aphids as
threshold levels were surpassed. Fungicide treatment for gray leaf spot was also
reported in corn fields. Cattle on feed continue to struggle gaining weight with
the increased temperatures and humidity levels.

There were 4.9 days suitable for fieldwork during the week, compared to the
five-year average of 5.0 days. Topsoil moisture rated 1 percent very short, 9
percent short, 79 percent adequate, and 11 percent surplus across the state.
Subsoil moisture rated 1 percent very short, 7 percent short, 83 percent
adequate, and 9 percent surplus.

FIELD CROPS REPORT: Nearly all corn fields have tasseled with 98 percent silked,
4 percentage points ahead of last year. Corn at or beyond the milk stage reached
74 percent, 8 percentage points ahead of last year, but 5 days behind the
five-year average. Corn reported at or beyond the dough stage reached 27
percent, on par with last year, but 9 days behind the five-year average. Corn
reported at or beyond the dent stage reached 3 percent, on par with last year,
but 8 days behind the five-year average. Corn condition was rated 3 percent very
poor, 5 percent poor, 15 percent fair, 50 percent good, and 27 percent
excellent.

Soybeans reached 98 percent blooming with 89 percent setting pods. Soybeans
blooming are 3 percentage points ahead of last year, but 1 percentage point
behind the five-year average. Soybeans setting pods are ahead of last year by 11
percentage points, but 2 percentage points behind the five-year average. Soybean
condition was rated 2 percent very poor, 5 percent poor, 16 percent fair, 55
percent good, and 22 percent excellent.

Oat harvest reached 96 percent complete, 2 days behind the five-year average,
but 7 days ahead of last year. Oat condition was rated 3 percent very poor, 5
percent poor, 26 percent fair, 53 percent good, and 13 percent excellent.

Alfalfa second cutting has reached 95 percent complete, 3 percentage points
behind the five-year average, but 5 percentage points ahead of last year.
Alfalfa third cutting has reached 32 percent complete, 12 percentage points
behind the five-year average, but 11 percentage points ahead of last year. All
hay condition was rated 3 percent very poor, 10 percent poor, 28 percent fair,
49 percent good, and 10 percent excellent.

LIVESTOCK, PASTURE AND RANGE REPORT: Pasture and range condition rated 1 percent
very poor, 7 percent poor, 25 percent fair, 50 percent good, and 17 percent
excellent. Gains for cattle on feed slowed last week as warm temperatures and
humidity covered the state.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGD

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 The Ogden Reporter


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Forbes Advocate

                                 July 23, 2014

James bound for US to study farming future

BYLINE: Renee Powell

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 206  words


Forbes' James Morrison is one of just two New South Wales Case iH dealer
representatives set to join a study tour of the United States looking at
precision agriculture technologies.

He sees the tour as an opportunity to step into the future of farming and learn
how to make life easier for farmers.

'The trip is all about increasing product knowledge, looking at where precision
farming is going and wants to go,' he said.

James, a spare parts interpreter for McClintocks, was invited to join the study
tour based on the dealership's high performance.

He will visit prime agricultural land in Indiana and Illinois, bringing back
insight that should help increase efficiency and returns for customers.

Through GPS technology paddocks are mapped out with yield for different area
recorded.

'It's a step into the future of agriculture,' James said.

'You can start with having auto steering up to variable rate control on sprayers
and air seeders.

'That saves you money in chemical and seed inputs.'

Auto steering takes the stress out of operating machinery, James says.

'You can sit on the tractor for 12 hours but it feels more like six,' he said.

The trip will involve visits to manufacturing sites, dealerships and the
American Farm Progress Show.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 5, 1988 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

FARM SUBSIDIES RISING DESPITE ACTION: REPORT

BYLINE: NELSON GRAVES of Reuter

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 404 words


Governments have continued to increase subsidies paid to farmers despite
international support to reverse the trend, according to an American report.

It found that Japan and South Korea had the most pervasive systems to support
domestic producers but the European Community, Canada and the United States also
boosted assistance to farmers.

The report updates a 1987 study of government policies' effect on producer
revenue and consumer cost, and was prepared by the US Agriculture Department's
Economic Research Service.

The report was closely examined by negotiators in world trade liberalisation
talks within the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

The US proposed eliminating all trade distorting farm subsidies within 10 years.
Other countries acknowledged the need for cuts although some disagreed with the
ambitious timetable and scope of the proposal.

The new data reinforced three main conclusions of last year's study:

* Less developed countries tend to use subsidies to aid consumers.

* Developed countries tend to assist producers.

* Subsidies to producers of food grains, dairy products and sugar tend to be
higher than aid to other producers.

Examining Japanese Government policies on 12 commodities, the report said the
average farmer received 79 per cent of the value of his output in the form of
subsidies. That percentage, the Producer Subsidy Equivalent, was up from an
average of 72 per cent between 1982 and 1986.

The highest levels of Japanese assistance went to producers of milk, barley,
wheat, rice, sugar and beef. Producers of poultry and mandarin oranges received
less aid.

South Korea's PSE for 10 commodities was the second highest at 58 per cent but
below the 1982-86 average of 60 per cent.

The European Community's PSE for 13 commodities rose to 50 per cent, meaning
nearly half the value of commodities sold came in the form of government
subsidies. Rice, rapeseed and milk were the most heavily subsidied

Subsidies to EC soybean, beef and sugar producers fell between 1985 and 1986.
The EC's average PSE in 1982-86 was 35 per cent.

The US PSE for 12 commodities soared to 36 per cent in 1986 from a 1982-86
average of 25 per cent, pushed up by higher income subsidies to wheat,
feedgrains and rice farmers following enactment of the 1985 Farm Bill.

US subsidies for every commodity measured by the study rose between 1985 and
1986. Sugar, barley, rice and wheat were the most heavily subsidised products.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Times-Journal (Condon, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 9, 2013

Ag census deadline May 31

BYLINE: The Times-Journal staff

LENGTH: 239  words


With the window to respond to the 2012 Census of Agriculture officially closing
on May 31, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is urging farmers and
ranchers not to miss this opportunity to be counted and help determine the
future of farming in America. USDA has already received more than 2 million
completed Census forms.

The Census of Agriculture, conducted only once every five years, is the only
source of consistent and comprehensive agricultural data for every state and
county in the nation. It looks at farms, value of land, market value of
agricultural production, farm practices, expenditures, and other factors that
affect the way farmers and ranchers do business. The information is used by
agribusinesses, town planners, local governments, and policy makers, as well as
farmers, ranchers, growers and others to shape farm programs, boost rural
services and grow the future of farming.

The deadline to respond to the Census of Agriculture is May 31. USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) may contact Farmers and ranchers can also
return their forms by mail or online by visiting a secure website,
www.agcensus.usda.gov. Federal law requires a response from everyone who
receives the Census form and requires NASS to keep all individual information
confidential.

For more information about the Census, including helpful tips on completing the
Census form, visit www.agcensus.usda.gov or call 1-888-424-7828.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Times-Journal


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Grayson Journal-Enquirer (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday

Proposed cow poop tax stinks to farmers

BYLINE: Tonia Noe-Rose, Grayson Journal-Enquirer, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 966 words


Apr. 1--There's a 'Cow Tax" bill floating around Washington that could affect
local farmersâ[#x20ac]" and for dairy and beef producers -- it stinks.

Belching and gases from cow and hog manure could begin to cost farmers money if
the federal government decides to charge fees for "air-polluting animals."

But so far, local farmers are turning their noses up to the idea, of which some
say could be the result of an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) report after
the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2007 that greenhouse gases from motor vehicles
amounts to air pollution.

And according to the Federal Food and Agriculture organization, livestock
production is responsible for 18 percent of global greenhouse gases.

So, how much will each farmer have to pay?

Based on federal agriculture department figures, the tax would require farms
with more than 25 dairy cattle, 50 beef cattle or 200 hogs to pay an annual fee
of about $175 for each dairy cow, $87.50 per head of beef cattle and $21.87 for
each hog.

In doing the math, the regulation would cost the local dairy farmers with 75 to
125 dairy cows $13,000 to $22,000 each year. And farms with 100 to 200 beef
cattle would have to pay anywhere from $8,750 to $17,500 each year.

An attempt to contact Congressman Geoff Davis was made but he was not available
for comment.

Although Senator Walter Blevins, D-Senate District 27, said he doesn't see such
a bill being passed.

"I would be shocked if it did," he commented Thursday. "Those imposing this need
to look closer at the consequences of what it would do. The prices of beef in
the grocery stores would be outrageous and even the cost of a hamburger at
McDonalds wouldn't be affordable, not to mention the price of milk for
children."

Furthermore, Blevins said passing such a bill could force local farmers and
farmers across the country out of business.

"If they go out of business, and I say most would, we would have to import all
of our beef," he said. "And in doing that we wouldn't have an idea of what the
animals are fed or know anything about their processing procedures."

Jason Rose, owner of Rose Angus Beef Farm in Olive Hill, said such a bill would
certainly put him out of business.

"It's the most ridiculous thing the federal government has ever tried to do,"
Rose said. "There is no way any farmer around here could afford it. I know I
can't. I will load mine up and take them out of here. It would be the only thing
I would know to do is sell out."

The stench might be floating around Washington, but help is on the way for the
farmers. U.S. Senators John Thune, D-S.D. and Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y
introduced bipartisan Senate Bill 527 in Washington March 5. The cow tax
prevention bill would stop the government from imposing the tax on farmers.

"The Clean Air Act was written to curb pollution from smokestack industries, not
to regulate livestock production," said Thune in a recent press release.
"Livestock producers do not need another burdensome regulation to worry about,
and this legislation would ensure that the cow tax never becomes a reality. With
the present economy in such shambles, it would be disastrous to enact policies
that would increase food prices for all Americans. Senate Bill 527 would put an
end to this insane tax once and for all," Schumer recently reported.

Various farm groups have said the fee would apply to farms with livestock that
emit more than 100 tons of carbon emissions in a year and fall under federal
Clean Air Act provision.

However, John Millett, a spokesman for EPA air and radiation division, said
there has been an oversimplification of the EPA's document "to the point of
distortion."

"EPA is not proposing any type of tax on livestock," he stated in a recent
report. "The EPA briefly mentions 'raising livestock' in its report on ways to
regulate greenhouse gases under the provisions of the Clean Air Act."

Carter County resident and farmer David McGlone was asked about the tax and said
although he understands the idea behind the bill, he doesn't comprehend why the
farmers are always the ones hit with extra costs.

"Basically it's a tax on methane gas, not only cows and hogs but other
livestock," he commented Tuesday. "The problem I have is they always want to tax
the farmer and he can't pass on any expenses because he is the bottom seller. We
sell on the stock market and take what they give us and just have to be happy
about it...If we are going tax methane gas, let us tax what comes out of
Washington, there is more "bull" produce there than anywhere else. And I mean
methane gas, too," he said with a laugh.

The federal government also should take into consideration that the American
farmers also produce more oxygen than anyone else, McGlone said

"We sell carbon credits to companies that are polluters and then we get taxed
for the methane gas our livestock produces," he added. "Those credits are traded
on the New York Stock Exchange to the polluting companies. They buy the credits
and it keeps them from paying fines."

McGlone said oxygen released by one cow grazing on grass and the land she runs
on -- does offset what methane gases the cow produces.

"I would be afraid to say the tax won't be passed because I would never say
never with Washington," he added. "But wake up American, it's cows today --
maybe you tomorrow."

A specific date of when the bill will go before Congress has not been issued.

To see more of the Grayson Journal-Enquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.journal-times.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Grayson
Journal-Enquirer, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090401-GZ-Proposed-cow-poop-tax-stinks-to-farmers-0401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 24, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Meat Prices Rebound, Reversing Pork Losses



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 341 words


Buyers returned to the livestock pits on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange
yesterday and drove futures prices higher for cattle and frozen pork bellies and
mostly higher for live hogs.

Wednesday's sharp losses in the pork pits were reversed as traders anticipated
the Agriculture Department's September hogs and pigs report, which is expected
to show some liquidation in the breeding herd, said John Ginzel, a livestock
analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert in Chicago.

''If they're not born they can't be brought to slaughter,'' Mr. Ginzel said.

The frozen pork belly contract for August, which went off the board yesterday,
closed near its 2-cent ceiling as no deliveries were made against that contract,
Mr. Ginzel said.

Analysts said live cattle prices surged at the close on strong buying by a major
commercial company and belief that beef carcass prices have touched bottom.



Grain and Soybeans

Grain and soybean futures relapsed by closing lower in light volume on the
Chicago Board of Trade.

''It was destined to be a quiet day after yesterday's exuberance,'' said Bob
Lekberg, a grain analyst with Shearson Lehman/American Express in Chicago.
''There was an absolute lack of follow-through on Wednesday's buying.''

Word of weakness in the foreign currencies and precious metals markets ''was not
a source of encouragement late in the session,'' Mr. Lekberg said. Metals and
foreign currencies typically fall in the face of a strong American dollar, which
makes exports less affordable.

Dry, unusually cool weather lent some support to prices as concern continued
over the condition of the soybean and corn crops, Mr. Lekberg said. And the
chance for frost last night in the northern reaches of the production belt also
threatened yields, he added.

Cocoa closed higher for the third day in a row on the New York Coffee, Sugar and
Cocoa Exchange.

''Cocoa has been propelled by word that Nigeria has defaulted on its
shipments,'' said Mike Paulenoff, a cocoa, sugar and coffee analyst with Smith
Barney in New York.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 1, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Grain, Soybeans Rally; Cattle Prices Lower



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 13, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 317 words


Grain and soybean futures prices rallied yesterday for the first time in two
weeks on the Chicago Board of Trade, but analysts were cautious about expecting
any further strength in the markets in light of generally favorable growing
conditions.

Sources at the floor said traders generally were optimistic at the start of
trading, and few were willing to sell. Prices have fallen sharply in the past
few weeks because of excellent growing conditions throughout the Middle West,
and some traders said prices had fallen too much already.

Bob Lekberg, a grain analyst with Shearson Lehman/American Express, said corn
prices have fallen so low that the Agriculture Department probably will have to
lock up the farmer-held corn reserve, a program designed to support prices that
will take 350 million bushels of corn off the market.

The Agriculture Department has estimated that the surplus of corn at the end of
the current marketing year will be only 512 million bushels, and closing the
reserve could prompt a sharp rally if buyers scramble to obtain what's left on
the market.

Unconfirmed rumors that the Soviet Union intends to buy some of that corn
prompted some of the buying that supported the September contract, sources said.

Although weather has been generally good, some areas of the Corn Belt are
starting to dry out, Mr. Lekberg said, prompting mild concern about the soybean
crop.

Sources said conditions in wheat growing areas of southern Canada are
excessively dry as well.

Cattle prices were lower and live hogs and frozen pork bellies were mixed on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Trading generally was light.

Sources said cattle was under pressure from ideas that cash quotes would be weak
tomorrow.

Heating oil was mostly higher on the New York Mercantile Exchange, settling .10
cent to .34 cent higher with the contract for delivery in August at 72.54 cents
a pound.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Artisan Cheese Makers Embrace Voluntary Conservation at
Award-Winning Vermont Dairy

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 The story behind Vermont's Consider Bardwell could be the plot for a great
movie. The lead characters are Russell and Angela, two New York City executives
who decide in their fifties that they want to buy a farm, raise goats, and be
artisan cheesemakers. The setting is a 300-acre dairy farm and cheese operation
in West Pawlet, Vermont. And the twist...they had no previous farming
experience.





 What could have been a comedy is an inspiring story of dedication and
perseverance. This is the true tale of an architect and a literary agent who
pursue a dream to farm sustainably through a voluntary conservation approach,
and create a unique farm-to-plate product. Their partnership with USDA's Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) is helping to ensure the health of the
natural resources on their farm.



 When the couple visited friends in Dorset, Vermont, in 2000, they were inspired
to search for their own farmstead, and discovered a beautiful property
straddling Vermont and their home state of New York. A short year later, they
connected with local NRCS Soil Conservationist Sally Eugair to improve the farm
through conservation supported by Farm Bill programs.Russell and Angela started
from scratch when they made the decision to revive the farm, and embarked on a
quest to teach themselves everything they could about the land management and
cheesemaking.Eugair helped enroll them in the Agricultural Conservation Easement
Program (ACEP) which allowed them to permanently protect 195-acres of healthy
grazing lands for their herd of Oberhasli goats. Then, they converted all the
continuously cropped cornfields to lush, healthy grasslands--providing a healthy
and sustainable forage source for their goats and protecting nearby water
quality.



 "The grasslands also provide a valuable nesting and breeding area for many bird
species," explained Eugair.



 The Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) plan included well-managed
grazing systems that improve the health and vigor of plants, enhance water
quality, and reduce soil erosion. Their prescribed grazing plan allows the grass
to recover while paddocks are resting and encourages the animals to uniformly
graze.



 Last year, they made more than 97,000 pounds of cheese from the milk of 150
goats and 65 cows without pesticides or fertilizers. And, their cheeses have
been winning national and international awards for the past ten years--and their
product is served in some of the nation's finest restaurants. Today, they have a
full-time staff of 20, including three cheesemakers who produce small batches of
cheese from unpasteurized milk that is antibiotic and hormone free.When asked
about the future of the business, Angela and Russell hope to expand. "We are not
the kind to retire," they explain. Both still maintain their full-time jobs as
an architect and a literary agent. Russell says he believes part of their
success is due to their 'vertically integrated business' approach. "We raise the
animals, make the cheese with milk that we produce, and personally take our
product all the way to the consumers." They believe this is important to their
customers who are more aware of how their food is produced. And, their
dedication to voluntary conservation is ensuring that the natural resources at
Consider Bardwell will be healthy and vibrant for generations to come.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Artisan Cheese Makers Embrace Voluntary Conservation at
Award-Winning Vermont Dairy

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 The story behind Vermont's Consider Bardwell could be the plot for a great
movie. The lead characters are Russell and Angela, two New York City executives
who decide in their fifties that they want to buy a farm, raise goats, and be
artisan cheesemakers. The setting is a 300-acre dairy farm and cheese operation
in West Pawlet, Vermont. And the twist...they had no previous farming
experience.





 What could have been a comedy is an inspiring story of dedication and
perseverance. This is the true tale of an architect and a literary agent who
pursue a dream to farm sustainably through a voluntary conservation approach,
and create a unique farm-to-plate product. Their partnership with USDA's Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) is helping to ensure the health of the
natural resources on their farm.



 When the couple visited friends in Dorset, Vermont, in 2000, they were inspired
to search for their own farmstead, and discovered a beautiful property
straddling Vermont and their home state of New York. A short year later, they
connected with local NRCS Soil Conservationist Sally Eugair to improve the farm
through conservation supported by Farm Bill programs.Russell and Angela started
from scratch when they made the decision to revive the farm, and embarked on a
quest to teach themselves everything they could about the land management and
cheesemaking.Eugair helped enroll them in the Agricultural Conservation Easement
Program (ACEP) which allowed them to permanently protect 195-acres of healthy
grazing lands for their herd of Oberhasli goats. Then, they converted all the
continuously cropped cornfields to lush, healthy grasslands--providing a healthy
and sustainable forage source for their goats and protecting nearby water
quality.



 "The grasslands also provide a valuable nesting and breeding area for many bird
species," explained Eugair.



 The Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) plan included well-managed
grazing systems that improve the health and vigor of plants, enhance water
quality, and reduce soil erosion. Their prescribed grazing plan allows the grass
to recover while paddocks are resting and encourages the animals to uniformly
graze.



 Last year, they made more than 97,000 pounds of cheese from the milk of 150
goats and 65 cows without pesticides or fertilizers. And, their cheeses have
been winning national and international awards for the past ten years--and their
product is served in some of the nation's finest restaurants. Today, they have a
full-time staff of 20, including three cheesemakers who produce small batches of
cheese from unpasteurized milk that is antibiotic and hormone free.When asked
about the future of the business, Angela and Russell hope to expand. "We are not
the kind to retire," they explain. Both still maintain their full-time jobs as
an architect and a literary agent. Russell says he believes part of their
success is due to their 'vertically integrated business' approach. "We raise the
animals, make the cheese with milk that we produce, and personally take our
product all the way to the consumers." They believe this is important to their
customers who are more aware of how their food is produced. And, their
dedication to voluntary conservation is ensuring that the natural resources at
Consider Bardwell will be healthy and vibrant for generations to come.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

UGA forms statewide partnership to create training program for beginning farmers

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Athens


The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:

Starting in October, a new training program will offer beginning and young
farmers crash courses in business planning, vegetable and fruit production and
goat husbandry to provide them with a strong foundation to help grow their new
businesses.

The University of Georgia College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences,
UGA Small Business Development Center, Georgia Organics, Fort Valley State
University and AgSouth Farm Credit, along with other partners, are developing
the training and mentoring program to help beginning farmers become successful
and sustainable farmers.

The partnership will provide training to 70 new farmers, focusing on minority
farmers and farmers with limited means.

The USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture announced Feb. 2 that the
partnership would receive a Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Grant of
$652,000 to establish an innovative training program that can be presented
throughout the state.

"Many of the young people interested in farming don't come from a farming
background," said Julia Gaskin, director of UGA's Sustainable Agriculture
Program. "We have been very interested in developing a comprehensive training
program to help this group and those currently farming that want to improve
their operations."

The statewide partnership also includes UGA Extension's county agents, the
Department of Agriculture and the Georgia Fruit & Vegetable Growers Association.

"We think this collaborative approach will give us a good foundation for a
strong program for the state's beginning farmers," Gaskin said.

This grant is part of more than $18 million in NIFA funding to support beginning
farmers.

The core of the training program is business planning. The UGA Small Business
Development Center--a unit of the Office of Public Service and Outreach--and
AgSouth Farm Credit will provide business planning and financing workshops to
the farmers.

"To assure a continued sound agriculture industry in our nation, it is essential
that we provide financial literacy and risk management training for the next
generation of farmers," said Van McCall, director of the AGAware program for
AgSouth. "AgSouth Farm Credit has made a commitment to the future of agriculture
through the development of our national award-winning AGAware program. We are
very excited for the opportunity to partner in this program."

AgSouth Farm Credit launched a young and beginning farmers training program in
2013 with AGAware, a series of business skills workshops focusing on business
planning, marketing and Farm Services Agency and Small Business Administration
programs.

Georgia Organics will help develop training for farmers interested in small
fruit and vegetable production and coordinate the hands-on training that will
offer internships and/or mentoring experiences.

"Beginning farmers face many obstacles, and successful, established farmers
offer a wealth of expertise to help them succeed," said Alice Rolls, executive
director of Georgia Organics. "We look forward to connecting these new growers
with producers who have been there, and to the rewarding work of feeding their
communities."

Tom Terrill, a small ruminant expert at Fort Valley State University will lead
the development of the small ruminant training. The training is based on the
highly successful Master Goat Producers classes that have been run in north
Georgia. The demand for sheep and goat products has been growing, and this
training will teach new farmers the basics on how to be successful with their
herds.

"Goat production is an ideal enterprise for beginning farmers because of
(growing) demand for goat meat in the United States and because they do not
require an intensive system," Terrill said. "Goats can utilize brush, broadleaf
weeds and grasses on marginal land and still be productive."

The UGA College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences will lead the grant
and provide additional training in small fruit and vegetable production.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 12, 1983 Friday

U.S. corn crop   to drop 38%

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 199 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has forecast the
 U.S. corn crop at 5.24 billion bushels, 38 per cent below the record high
 of the 1982 crop. Soybean production was forecast at 1.84 billion bushels,
 19 per cent smaller than the record 1982 crop.

These estimates are generally in line with analysts' expectations.

The department also said the U.S. Midwest has been experiencing an
 increasingly serious drought.

The forecast for all wheat production was 2.42 billion bushels, down 14
 per cent from the 1982 record. Winter wheat was forecast at 1.96 billion
 bushels, 7 per cent less than in 1982.

Durum wheat production was forecast at 81 million bushels, down 45 per
 cent from last year, while other spring wheat production was predicted to
 be 380 million bushels, 31 per cent below 1982's record production.

The size of the wheat and corn crops has also been trimmed by the
 federal programs that pay farmers to reduce their plantings, including the
 Payment-In-Kind program.

Cotton production was forecast at 7.81 million bales, 35 per cent below
 1982.

Separately, the department said the number of farms in the United
 States this year declined 1 per cent from 1982 to 2.37 million.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Government Supports Livestock Breeding in the Kyrgyz Republic

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Washington


Embassy of The United States in Bishkek, Kyrgyz Republic has issued the
following news release:

The United States Government, through the United States Agency for International
Development (USAID), in close cooperation with the Government of the Kyrgyz
Republic, handed over agricultural machinery and equipment to 10 competitively
selected livestock breeding farms as part of the Economic Development Fund
Program. President of the Kyrgyz Republic Almazbek Atambaev, Minister of
Agriculture and Melioration Chyngysbek Uzakbaev, and U.S. Ambassador Pamela L.
Spratlen attended the ceremony.All of the newly acquired agricultural equipment
was on display at the event.

The Economic Development Fund Program is aimed at increasing the productivity
and profitability of livestock farming by upgrading production systems,
including equipment, herd genetics, and management systems for 10
commercially-viable livestock farms that were selected based upon competition by
the Ministry of Agriculture and Land Reclamation of the Kyrgyz Republic.The
selected farms will serve as model livestock operations, yielding immediate
results and laying the foundation for transforming the livestock sector.

Almost 400 pieces of agricultural equipment, including tractors, combines,
irrigation equipment and milking equipment will be delivered to the selected
livestock farms throughout the Kyrgyz Republic under the Economic Development
Fund Program.

The program was jointly designed by the U.S. Government and the Government of
the Kyrgyz Republic and is jointly implemented by USAID in the Kyrgyz Republic
and the Ministry of Agriculture of the Kyrgyz Republic.For more information
regarding the event please contact: Jyldyz Niyazalieva by phone (996 312) 97 66
92 or by e-mail at niyazalievaj@gmail.com

For more information please visit: http://bishkek.usembassy.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     December 31, 1998, Thursday, Edition 1

THE SPOILS OF DEPENDENCY

BYLINE: Joel Baglole

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 770 words


Analysis


 Recent U.S. cold snap pinches our northern wallets

 Imports
 Imports of fruit keep on growing


 BUSINESS REPORTER
 Fruits and vegetables have got to be fresh. And in most of
 Canada, freshness requires importing from other countries. Our
 northern climate shortens the annual growing season to six
 months, seven tops, and heavy frost makes growing citrus fruits
 impossible.
 Slightly more than 80 per cent of Canada's fruit and vegetable
 imports come from the United States. The recent cold snap that
 destroyed 50 per cent of California's orange harvest and caused
 citrus fruit prices to double at Canadian retail outlets,
 highlights our country's dependence on the United States. And
 since the North American Free Trade Agreement was signed, our
 dependence on U.S. produce has increased.
 ''We are big-time importers,'' said Maribeth Fitts, a fruit and
 vegetable specialist with the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture,
 Food and Rural Affairs. ''We're particularly dependent on them
 (imports) in the winter months because we can't grow or store
 (fruits and vegetables).''
 In 1997, Canada imported $1 billion worth of fresh vegetables -
 excluding potatoes. Our fresh vegetable imports were more than
 triple the $240 million worth of vegetables Canada exported to
 other countries.
 Statistics on fruit show an even larger difference between
 imports and exports. Last year, Canada exported $102 million in
 fresh fruit while importing $835 million worth of fresh fruit -
 and $663 million of that was citrus fruit.
 Canada imports most of its citrus fruit from the southern United
 States. ''It has to be grown below the frost line, in places like
 southern California and Florida. Even Georgia is too far north to
 grow citrus (fruits),'' Fitts said.
 But Clarence Swanton, chair of the plant agriculture department
 at the University of Guelph, said Canadians aren't the only
 people who suffer when supplies are diminished.
 ''Sure, we suffer,'' he said. ''But no more than the rest of the
 U.S. People in Wisconsin are seeing their fruit prices go up as
 much as in Ontario.''
 Canada may import more fruits and vegetables than it exports, but
 our national horticulture industry is alive and kicking.
 According to Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, Canada produced
 678,000 tonnes of fruit last year, with an estimated value of
 $440 million, and 19 per cent of the total horticulture sector.
 The main fruit products produced were apples, tender fruits such
 as peaches, pears, cherries, plums and apricots, and berries
 ranging from blueberries to strawberries.
 Also, Canada produced 2.1 million tonnes of vegetables, worth
 $1.1 billion, and 30 per cent of the horticulture sector. The
 main vegetables produced included tomatoes, corn, peas, beans,
 carrots, onions, cabbage and lettuce.
 These stats don't include potatoes, which was Canada's Number 1
 vegetable export to the United States last year, worth $93.9
 million. Our thriving potato industry has produced an interesting
 spin-off: Canada is now the world's second largest exporter of
 processed french fries, after the Netherlands.
 Fitts said advanced technology in cold storage and greenhouses is
 helping farmers extend the life of their horticulture products -
 both fruits and vegetables - during the winter.
 ''Storage techniques allow many farmers to preserve their crops
 and take them to stores every week during the winter months,''
 Fitts said. ''There are apples in cold storage now that will last
 until next June.''
 While Canada's horticulture industry rises and falls with the
 weather, statistics show that imports and exports of fruits and
 vegetables are growing.
 Canada's $1 billion in vegetable imports this year is a third
 more than the $671.7 million imported in 1990. Canada's current
 level of $835 million in imported fruit is substantially larger
 than the $652 million worth of fruit imported in 1990.
 Exports of vegetables, excluding potatoes, are up more than 450
 per cent - from $52.3 million in 1990 to last year's figure of
 $240 million in vegetable exports. Fresh fruit exports have risen
 from $68.7 million in 1990 to $102 million in 1997.
 John Vandenberg, a market development adviser of horticulture at
 Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, said the North American Free
 Trade Agreement, which has lowered restrictive trade tariffs,
 accounts for the increase in bilateral horticulture trade with
 the United States.



LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 1, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Midwest Dry Spell Causes Rally in Corn and Soybeans

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D;  Page 13;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 450 words


Dry weather in the Midwest touched off a rally in corn and soybean futures
prices yesterday that pulled other commodity prices upward, reviving inflation
fears. Precious metals, coffee, cocoa and crude oil all gained, while livestock
and meat futures ended mixed.

The Commodity Research Bureau's index of 21 commodities rose 4.54 points, to
235.42. Many financial experts consider the index an early inflation indicator.

A similar broad-based commodities rally collapsed last week when rain fell in
the Midwest, where most of the country's corn and soybeans are grown.

David Rothberg, a commodities analyst at Friedberg Mercantile Group in Toronto,
said the roiling prices signaled an underlying strength in the market.

"This kind of volatility, this kind of itchiness, is typical of a bull market,"
he said.

Little Rainfall in Midwest

Most corn and soybean contracts rose their permitted daily limits on the Chicago
Board of Trade as traders returned from the long weekend to reports of little
rainfall in the Midwest and forecasts for mostly dry weather this week.

After the close of trading, the Agriculture Department reported 79 percent of
the corn crop was in good to excellent condition as of Sunday. Twenty percent
was fair and 1 percent poor.

Soybean planting was 78 percent complete as of Sunday, the Department of
Agriculture said in the weekly report.

Wheat for July delivery rose 9 1/2 cents, to $3.27 1/2 a bushel; July corn rose
the 12-cent limit, to $2.78 3/4 a bushel; July oats rose 4 3/4 cents, to $1.25
1/4 a bushel; July soybeans rose 27 cents, to $7.01 a bushel.

Inflation jitters drove precious metals higher on the Commodity Exchange in New
York. June gold rose $2.40, to $387.10 a troy ounce; July silver climbed 7.5
cents, to $5.55 a troy ounce.

On the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York, unroasted coffee beans for
July delivery surged 4.7 cents, to $1.26 a pound; July cocoa beans rose $52, to
$1,388 a ton.

Crude Oil Prices Rise

Refined products led crude oil higher on the New York Mercantile Exchange as the
June gasoline and heating oil contracts expired in typically volatile fashion.

Crude oil rose 28 cents, to $18.31 a barrel; June heating oil surged 1.33 cents,
to 49.71 cents a gallon; June unleaded gasoline climbed 1.09 cents, to 53.30
cents a gallon; July natural gas rose 7.5 cents, to $1.917 for 1,000 cubic feet.

In livestock trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, June live cattle rose
0.80 cent, to 66.27 cents a pound; August feeder cattle fell 0.65 cent, to 73.95
cents a pound; June live hogs rose 0.08 cent, to 47.60 cents a pound; July
frozen pork bellies fell 0.32 cent, to 41.50 cents a pound.



LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

Organic farming continues to rise across the globe;
2 million of the world's 1.5 billion farmers are now producing organically, with
nearly 80 percent based in developing countries. India boasts the most certified
organic producers, followed by Uganda and Mexico.

BYLINE: Kendra Nordin Staff writer

SECTION: World

LENGTH: 723 words


Across the decades of boom and bust that characterize agricultural history runs
a trend: the rise and recognition of organic farming worldwide.

According to the International Federation of Organic Agricultural Movements
(IFOAM), 2 million of the world's 1.5 billion farmers are now producing
organically, with nearly 80 percent based in developing countries. India boasts
the most certified organic producers, followed by Uganda and Mexico.

Currently 164 nations have certified organic farms, powering an industry worth
$63.9 billion. (In 2000, there were 86 countries with certified farms producing
$15.2 billion.) With this growth come opportunities for farmers to add value to
their products and access expanding markets.

While the 94 million acres of certified organic agricultural land constitutes
less than 1 percent of total global agricultural land, industry analysts call
the growth of organics significant, also noting that the certified numbers fail
to account for the vast numbers of small-scale farmers who use organic methods
by default.

"[There are] probably 500 million small family farms worldwide; most of those
are traditional farmers who farm primarily through organic principles," says
Andre Leu, president of IFOAM.

He adds that 200,000 organic farmers become newly certified each year. "In most
places there is still a dramatic loss [in the numbers] of farmers and ... where
we see growth is in the organic sector."

Farmers today, battling climate swings and plummeting farm incomes, are
essentially faced with four options: leave farming completely, obtain off-farm
income, expand and play the commodity game more efficiently, or find ways to add
value per unit of production, says Joel Gruver, a soil science professor at
Western Illinois University in Macomb.

"Basically, organic farming anywhere in the world - if you are certified - is
the one label that is most clearly defined," says Professor Gruver, the
university's director of organic research. "Each nation has its own rules in how
they define organic, but the general set of rules is very much the same," he
says. Organic methods eschew chemical additives and rely on such practices as
crop rotation to harness ecological processes that promote healthy soils and
fight disease, weeds, and pests.

For consumers, organic farming addresses a range of issues on which many feel
conventional farming falls short: environmental impact, pesticide residues, and
nutritional quality. It addresses concerns about energy consumption and climate
change, and even restores a social connection to the land that many feel
commodity farming has eroded.

In fact, consumer demand is the driving force behind the growth. In 2012 in the
United States and Europe, markets with a healthy appetite for organic goods,
there was a 10 percent year-on-year rise in sales.

"Organic farming is the fastest growing multi-product sector in the world," says
Mr. Leu. "[I]f you go into any store now, organic products are in every section.
Anything from dairy to [prepared foods] to body care products to organic
clothing.... And there is no other sector like that."

Organic farming does draw critics. Some question the consistency of its
accreditation and labeling system. There is debate over whether organics deliver
higher nutritional value, and concern that the certification process is too
costly to allow for financial success. And there is doubt over whether organic
methods can yield enough to feed an ever-growing population. Yet consumer
preference continues to grow.

"[T]here is more demand than supply," says Anna Lappé, author of "Diet for a Hot
Planet." Ms. Lappé also points out that less than 1 percent of agricultural
research funding now goes toward refining proven chemical-free farming methods.

Still, there have been considerable efforts to support organic farmers. A
growing number of nonprofits provide microloans. IFOAM publishes the principles
of organic farming on its website for those who want to practice it but can't
yet afford certification. Countries such as Denmark and Sweden have set goals
for organic agriculture. The US offers small grants and loans.

Commercial investment may gain momentum, too. Nature's Path, an organic cereal
manufacturer, recently bought 5,640 acres of farmland in Canada and northern
Montana in efforts to support organic family farmers there.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday

ACRES APART

BYLINE: Harold Brubaker, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1000 words


The thousands of music fans who partied this weekend at the Farm Aid concert in
Camden raised as much as $1 million to promote the preservation of family farms.

When Farm Aid officials talk about "keeping family farmers on the land," they
imply that they are trying to save an endangered species. Yet, the reality is
that 95 percent of U.S. farms - excluding retirement and residential farms - are
owned and operated by families.

In recent years, Farm Aid organizers have added a twist to their mission: a
vision of family farms producing food for local consumers - which advocates call
the "good food movement."

"It began to dawn on us that food and farming were so closely linked that we
couldn't really separate them," Ted Quaday, Farm Aid program director said.

Farm Aid's evolution into an advocate for a direct connection between farmers
and consumers occurred over the last decade as a segment of the American public
became intensely interested in food: how it tastes and how it was produced -
especially with regard to farm animals.

What Farm Aid is reacting to is the 20th century's massive consolidation in
agriculture - which happened in step with other key sectors, such as banking and
energy. That consolidation eliminated more than two-thirds of American farms
since the 1930s as slaughterhouses, food processors and supermarkets grew and
gained economic leverage.

On the consumer side, demand for easier-to-prepare processed foods grew as women
entered the workforce, reducing the amount of time available to prepare meals.

The number of farms in the United States peaked at 6.8 million in the 1930s,
when 21 percent of the workforce was engaged in agriculture and Americans spent
about the same percentage of their disposable income on food.

Now, the United States Department of Agriculture counts 2.1 million farms -
though 10 percent account for 75 percent of production, and less than 2 percent
of Americans work in agriculture. Huge productivity gains that accompanied the
rise of industrial agriculture reduced the portion of income Americans spend on
food to 11.5 percent last year.

Seventy years of consolidation have created huge family-owned and
family-operated farms, such as Sheppard Farms Inc. in Cumberland County, N.J.,
owned by three brothers who employ 250 and raise 1,500 acres of peppers,
cucumbers, tomatoes and other fresh-market vegetables that are sold in
supermarkets locally and all over the country.

Despite the size of Sheppard Farms Inc., which has $8 million in annual sales,
Tom Sheppard does not hesitate when describing the operation. "We are a family
farm," with roots that go back more than 300 years, he said.

At the other end of the farming spectrum, George and Melanie DeVault cultivate
three acres of their 20-acre Pheasant Hill Farm in Lehigh County.

"We try to sell everything we grow as close to where it's grown as possible,"
George DeVault said. The DeVaults used to haul their fruits, vegetables and cut
flowers more than 50 miles to a market in Philadelphia. When a market opened in
Telford, 30 miles closer, they moved there. Now, they sell at a Sunday market in
Emmaus, which is only three miles away.

The DeVaults, who have other income, represent the kind of locally based farming
Farm Aid promotes, in DeVault's words: "producing food for people and selling it
directly so the farmer gets all the income from it."

Mainstream agricultural economists scoff at the idea that such a regional food
system can meet Americans' food needs.

"There's a good reason why we don't produce most of our own food," Jim Dunn of
Pennsylvania State University said. "Part of it is specialization, part of it
has to do with the seasons we have," which impose serious limits on production.

"We do what we're good at, and we let other people do what they are good at," he
said.

Brian Snyder, executive director of the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable
Agriculture, said local or regional food systems might be the only way to feed
the world in the long run because heavily subsidized conventional agriculture is
input-intensive and damages the environment.

Besides, he said, industrial-farming advocates "ignore the technological
advances that allow for season extension, better utilization of marginal lands,
and intensive farming on a smaller scale."

Snyder's nonprofit in Milheim, Pa., which runs educational programs for farmers
and works to build markets, has received $17,500 in grants from Farm Aid since
2004.

Since 1985, Farm Aid has granted $93,500 in Pennsylvania, Quaday, the program
director, said. Almost half the money went to the nonprofit group FoodRoutes
Network, which promotes local food systems. The group has not made any grants in
New Jersey.

Farm Aid said it had raised more than $29 million since 1985 and had spent 84
percent of it on programs "to build and strengthen family-farm food production."

A big reason for the widespread perception that corporations dominate American
agriculture is the proliferation of production contracts in poultry and pork
production.

Under such contracts - which account for almost all poultry production and 60
percent of hog production - the farmers own the buildings and equipment, but not
the animals. The contractor owns the animals, supplies the feed, decides when
the animals go to market, and pays the farmer to raise them.

Some critics of industrial agriculture said this system took too much control
out of the hands of farmers.

Jim Brubaker, a Union County, Pa., farmer disagreed.

Brubaker and his two sons - with no hired help - farm 600 acres of corn and
soybeans, fatten 6,300 hogs at a time for a contractor that supplies Hatfield
Quality Meats, and produce a million kosher broilers a year.

"I don't consider myself to be a serf or a slave to the integrator," said
Brubaker, who had an independent hog operation until 1993, but switched because
of declining profit. "They can't exist without us. We can't exist without them."

Contact staff writer Harold Brubaker at 215-854-4651 or
hbrubaker@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 28, 2000

End to trade war in sight
 Hopes are pinned on US-Euro talks

SECTION: Farming, Pg.18

LENGTH: 637 words


HOPES are high that a conclusion to the year-long beef trade war between the US
and Europe could be resolved next month.

Officials in Washington DC said the matter was entirely in the hands of the
European Commission, but they were hopeful that agreement could be reached by
the latest March 15 deadline.

Europe outlawed beef imports from the United States last April after it found
cancer-causing hormone residues in American beef imports that the US had
declared to be hormone-free.

The commission has banned the hormones found in the US beef - which had been
used to help cattle convert feed into beef for more than 16 years.

The discovery prompted a war of words between officials on both sides of the
Atlantic and the US, which had previously exported about 10,000tonnes of beef
annually to Europe, imposed import tariffs on various European goods, including
toothpaste and motorbikes, exported to the US.

Punitive

United Kingdom goods have been exempt from the punitive tariffs as the British
Government believes the US hormone-treated beef should have free access to the
European market - even though the hormones are banned in European beef
production.

Talks over the next fortnight between the US Department of Agriculture (USDA)
and European food-safety commissioner David Byrne could bring about an end to
the dispute.

A spokesman at the USDA said that discussions were ongoing.

He expressed US concerns over Europe's continued inability to enforce on its own
member states the rigid drug-testing controls that it was asking of the US.

He added: "We are still concerned that there is a vast black market in
veterinary drugs in the EU.

"We do not have that trouble because we allow our producers to use legal, safe
alternatives."

The spokesman said it appeared a satisfactory conclusion could be agreed in the
short-term, but there were other issues which could take some time to resolve.

Meanwhile, American officials did not expect US beef to hit European shores this
year.

Shayle Shagam, an economist with the USDA World Agricultural Outlook Board, told
the Agricultural Outlook Forum meeting in Arlington, Virginia, that he had built
no European figure into the US beef exports, which were expected to fall in
weight slightly, to 2.3billion pounds, this year.

Beef production in the US is forecast to hit 25.7billion pounds in 2000 - which
is a 3% fall on last year.

Cattle numbers are expected to fall from the record 14million head recorded last
year, and a sharp 8% decline in production is expected towards the end of the
year.

Beef imports are forecast to increase in weight, from 2.9billion pounds to
3billion pounds.

Officials expect New Zealand to increase its market share in the United States.
This move will undoubtedly take import pressure off the UK beef market.

US pig producers have, like those in the UK, been savaged by the collapse in
world pigmeat markets.

Mr Shagam said that there had been a blood-letting among producers in the last
year, with sow numbers in the United States now at their lowest level since
1965.

Farrowings are expected to fall 4% this year, with pigmeat production down in
weight to 18.6billion pounds.

This fall could well benefit United Kingdom producers, who could now see their
exports to the United States increasing from their current 8,000-tonne level.

Broiler

Pig prices in the US are expected to average about GBP 25 per cwt - a near-GBP
10 improvement on prices experienced last year.

Forecasters expect many US pig producers to return to profitability this year.

Wholesale broiler prices in the US are forecast to hit between 35-40p per pound
this year.

The US hopes to increase its market share in Russia, in Hong Kong, in China and
in the Baltic States - all of which are export markets for UK chicken producers.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

48.6% Pakistan population food insecure: survey

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 748

LENGTH: 676  words


Pakistan overnment direly needs to adopt strategic approach to ensure food
security by taking demand, supply and production into account because 48.6%
population of the country is without access to sufficient food, according to a
survey conducted by media.

Food Security means a condition in which all people have access to adequate
nutritious and safe food. As the population of the country has grown to high
level, the food insecurity has been deepening with each passing day. The
availability of natural resources as compared to population need is reducing,
causing food insecurity. FATA has 67.7% food insecure population, Balochistan
61.2%, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 56.2%. Food insecurity is also on the rise in rural
Sindh and some 63 % of its population (urban and rural) has suffered decline in
real wages and is forced to take cheaper food with less nutrient value.

In Pakistan, large family size is forced to expense 46 % of the family income on
food while the food expenditures in India are 35% and the United States 7%.
Malnutrition is a health problem in Pakistan and plays a substantial role in the
countrys elevated child morbidity and mortality.

There is need to bring agriculture reforms in the county by providing lucrative
crop subsidies, introducing agriculture farming, ending corporate farming and
providing easy loans to farmers. The government also needs to reduce inflation
rate, which is the major factor behind food insecurity. The corporate farming in
the country also adds to food insecurity, poverty and inflation.

Some Gulf countries have purchased lands in Pakistan, particularly in Sindh and
Balochistan as part of corporate farming that would cause water scarcity and
deprive local farming community of their rights.

It will also cause food insecurity in rural areas, putting the livelihood of
poor people at stake. Such kind of land purchasing is land grabbing, so there is
dire need to accelerate efforts against such onslaughts. The UAE has purchased
324,000 hectares of farmland in the Punjab and Sindh provinces of Pakistan in
June 2008. Investors from Abu Dhabi bought about 16,000 hectares of farmland in
Balochistan. Emirates Investment Group and Abraaj Capital are also investing
directly in corporate farming. Such kind of purchasing is a land grabbing which
will deprive local people of land and cause food insecurity.

Agriculture is central to economic growth and development in Pakistan. Being the
dominant sector it contributes 21.4 percent to GDP, employs 45 percent of the
country?s labour force and contributes in the growth of other sectors of the
economy. The healthy expansion in agriculture stimulates domestic demand for
industrial goods and other services and supplying raw material to agro-based
industry notably cotton textile industry which is the largest subsector of
manufacturing sector.

The government under paradigm of the new growth strategy envisioned to enhance
growth in agriculture sector by facilitating agriculture productivity
sustainable environment, increasing competitiveness in agriculture marketing and
trade by providing friendly climate for more investment in the sector. However,
draft tenth 5 years plan also envisages improving the productivity,
profitability competitiveness and environmental sustainability of agriculture.

Balochistan has the highest number of districts with worst conditions for food
security. The 20 districts of Pakistan with worst conditions for food security
include 10 districts from Balochistan, 5 from FATA; 3 from KPK; and 1 from
Gilgit Baltistan (GB) and Sindh each. The number of districts from Balochistan
in this category has doubled since 2003.

Dera Bugti, Musa Khel, Upper Dir, North Waziristan, Kohistan, Muhmmand,
Dalbidin, South Waziristan, Orakzai, and Panjgur are the 10 districts with worst
conditions for food security in Pakistan. Islamabad Capital Territory is the
most food secure district of Pakistan. Among the top twenty districts with best
conditions for food security, besides Islamabad, are 14 districts in Punjab and
5districts in Sindh.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

48.6% Pakistan population food insecure: survey

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 748

LENGTH: 676  words


Pakistan overnment direly needs to adopt strategic approach to ensure food
security by taking demand, supply and production into account because 48.6%
population of the country is without access to sufficient food, according to a
survey conducted by media.

Food Security means a condition in which all people have access to adequate
nutritious and safe food. As the population of the country has grown to high
level, the food insecurity has been deepening with each passing day. The
availability of natural resources as compared to population need is reducing,
causing food insecurity. FATA has 67.7% food insecure population, Balochistan
61.2%, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 56.2%. Food insecurity is also on the rise in rural
Sindh and some 63 % of its population (urban and rural) has suffered decline in
real wages and is forced to take cheaper food with less nutrient value.

In Pakistan, large family size is forced to expense 46 % of the family income on
food while the food expenditures in India are 35% and the United States 7%.
Malnutrition is a health problem in Pakistan and plays a substantial role in the
countrys elevated child morbidity and mortality.

There is need to bring agriculture reforms in the county by providing lucrative
crop subsidies, introducing agriculture farming, ending corporate farming and
providing easy loans to farmers. The government also needs to reduce inflation
rate, which is the major factor behind food insecurity. The corporate farming in
the country also adds to food insecurity, poverty and inflation.

Some Gulf countries have purchased lands in Pakistan, particularly in Sindh and
Balochistan as part of corporate farming that would cause water scarcity and
deprive local farming community of their rights.

It will also cause food insecurity in rural areas, putting the livelihood of
poor people at stake. Such kind of land purchasing is land grabbing, so there is
dire need to accelerate efforts against such onslaughts. The UAE has purchased
324,000 hectares of farmland in the Punjab and Sindh provinces of Pakistan in
June 2008. Investors from Abu Dhabi bought about 16,000 hectares of farmland in
Balochistan. Emirates Investment Group and Abraaj Capital are also investing
directly in corporate farming. Such kind of purchasing is a land grabbing which
will deprive local people of land and cause food insecurity.

Agriculture is central to economic growth and development in Pakistan. Being the
dominant sector it contributes 21.4 percent to GDP, employs 45 percent of the
country?s labour force and contributes in the growth of other sectors of the
economy. The healthy expansion in agriculture stimulates domestic demand for
industrial goods and other services and supplying raw material to agro-based
industry notably cotton textile industry which is the largest subsector of
manufacturing sector.

The government under paradigm of the new growth strategy envisioned to enhance
growth in agriculture sector by facilitating agriculture productivity
sustainable environment, increasing competitiveness in agriculture marketing and
trade by providing friendly climate for more investment in the sector. However,
draft tenth 5 years plan also envisages improving the productivity,
profitability competitiveness and environmental sustainability of agriculture.

Balochistan has the highest number of districts with worst conditions for food
security. The 20 districts of Pakistan with worst conditions for food security
include 10 districts from Balochistan, 5 from FATA; 3 from KPK; and 1 from
Gilgit Baltistan (GB) and Sindh each. The number of districts from Balochistan
in this category has doubled since 2003.

Dera Bugti, Musa Khel, Upper Dir, North Waziristan, Kohistan, Muhmmand,
Dalbidin, South Waziristan, Orakzai, and Panjgur are the 10 districts with worst
conditions for food security in Pakistan. Islamabad Capital Territory is the
most food secure district of Pakistan. Among the top twenty districts with best
conditions for food security, besides Islamabad, are 14 districts in Punjab and
5districts in Sindh.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

48.6% Pakistan population food insecure: survey

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 748

LENGTH: 676  words


Pakistan overnment direly needs to adopt strategic approach to ensure food
security by taking demand, supply and production into account because 48.6%
population of the country is without access to sufficient food, according to a
survey conducted by media.

Food Security means a condition in which all people have access to adequate
nutritious and safe food. As the population of the country has grown to high
level, the food insecurity has been deepening with each passing day. The
availability of natural resources as compared to population need is reducing,
causing food insecurity. FATA has 67.7% food insecure population, Balochistan
61.2%, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 56.2%. Food insecurity is also on the rise in rural
Sindh and some 63 % of its population (urban and rural) has suffered decline in
real wages and is forced to take cheaper food with less nutrient value.

In Pakistan, large family size is forced to expense 46 % of the family income on
food while the food expenditures in India are 35% and the United States 7%.
Malnutrition is a health problem in Pakistan and plays a substantial role in the
countrys elevated child morbidity and mortality.

There is need to bring agriculture reforms in the county by providing lucrative
crop subsidies, introducing agriculture farming, ending corporate farming and
providing easy loans to farmers. The government also needs to reduce inflation
rate, which is the major factor behind food insecurity. The corporate farming in
the country also adds to food insecurity, poverty and inflation.

Some Gulf countries have purchased lands in Pakistan, particularly in Sindh and
Balochistan as part of corporate farming that would cause water scarcity and
deprive local farming community of their rights.

It will also cause food insecurity in rural areas, putting the livelihood of
poor people at stake. Such kind of land purchasing is land grabbing, so there is
dire need to accelerate efforts against such onslaughts. The UAE has purchased
324,000 hectares of farmland in the Punjab and Sindh provinces of Pakistan in
June 2008. Investors from Abu Dhabi bought about 16,000 hectares of farmland in
Balochistan. Emirates Investment Group and Abraaj Capital are also investing
directly in corporate farming. Such kind of purchasing is a land grabbing which
will deprive local people of land and cause food insecurity.

Agriculture is central to economic growth and development in Pakistan. Being the
dominant sector it contributes 21.4 percent to GDP, employs 45 percent of the
country?s labour force and contributes in the growth of other sectors of the
economy. The healthy expansion in agriculture stimulates domestic demand for
industrial goods and other services and supplying raw material to agro-based
industry notably cotton textile industry which is the largest subsector of
manufacturing sector.

The government under paradigm of the new growth strategy envisioned to enhance
growth in agriculture sector by facilitating agriculture productivity
sustainable environment, increasing competitiveness in agriculture marketing and
trade by providing friendly climate for more investment in the sector. However,
draft tenth 5 years plan also envisages improving the productivity,
profitability competitiveness and environmental sustainability of agriculture.

Balochistan has the highest number of districts with worst conditions for food
security. The 20 districts of Pakistan with worst conditions for food security
include 10 districts from Balochistan, 5 from FATA; 3 from KPK; and 1 from
Gilgit Baltistan (GB) and Sindh each. The number of districts from Balochistan
in this category has doubled since 2003.

Dera Bugti, Musa Khel, Upper Dir, North Waziristan, Kohistan, Muhmmand,
Dalbidin, South Waziristan, Orakzai, and Panjgur are the 10 districts with worst
conditions for food security in Pakistan. Islamabad Capital Territory is the
most food secure district of Pakistan. Among the top twenty districts with best
conditions for food security, besides Islamabad, are 14 districts in Punjab and
5districts in Sindh.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 29, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Growth in Aquaculture

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 56 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 28


Aquaculture production in the United States, which includes fish farming, has
grown by 20 percent a year since 1980, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday.
Production includes food and non-food fish, shellfish and aquatic plants, the
department's economic research unit said. The report by the agency was the first
in six years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 April 20, 1999

Taking GM crops out of feed 'not easy task'

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture: GM crops, Pg.16

LENGTH: 710 words


THE technical boss of one of Scotland's biggest feed firms yesterday said it was
not as easy as some might claim to remove genetically-modified crops from animal
feeds.

Charles Young, technical manager of BOCM Pauls, said there were major problems
sourcing soya and maize free of genetic modification from world markets that
were now predominantly supplied by gene-altered materials.

He also urged at the Scottish Forage Awards a sea-change in the way farmers look
at grass - and to produce more profit from it rather than simply producing more
milk.

Mr Young's comments on biotechnology come as six of Europe's biggest food
retailers, including Marks and Spencer, look at the feasibility of removing
genetically-modified soya and maize from feeds for animals destined for their
shelves.

The study was announced last week by Marks and Spencer, one of the many
retailers in the UK which has removed all genetically-modified foodstuffs from
its shelves.

Mr Young said diets could be formulated for ruminants that could remove soya and
maize.

But in animals, including dairy cattle, that needed a higher nutrient level it
was almost impossible to take the two products out without affecting yield.

He added: "The main problem for feed firms is that in the main exporting country
- the US - there is no legal requirement to segregate product free from genetic
modification and that has to be changed.

"This makes it difficult for us to import product that is guaranteed to be free
of genetic modification. It is not impossible, but it is extremely difficult."

Mr Young said the UK's annual requirement for soya was well in excess of
2million tonnes, but only 100,000tonnes of it could be guaranteed free of
alteration.

He added: "This highlights the gravity of the problem we face. It's an issue for
smaller countries, not just the UK."

More than 70% of the American soya crop will next year be genetically modified.

Mr Young said grass, whether conserved or grazed, would play an even more
important role in profitable milk production in the future.

He urged a change in thinking on grass. Dairy farmers have traditionally just
questioned their current practice to produce more milk from grass.

But this no longer made financial sense if the grass has a knock-on effect on
other aspects of milk production or herd fertility.

Mr Young said: "We need to develop a strategy to maximise profit from grass by
identifying all factors which could potentially influence bottom-line profit.
Areas to be considered are fertiliser management, grazing strategy and dry cow
management at grass."

Mr Young said while farmers tested silage throughout the winter to determine
feeding values, no similar test was done on grass while growing.

It was, however, time for the industry to start analysing samples of fresh grass
so farmers know the nutritional value of the grass their cows are consuming.

This pro-active approach could help cow fertility, particularly in May and June
- the worst two months for conception rate because of surplus protein in grass
at this time.

BOCM Pauls has developed a new test for fresh grass. Mr Young said problems
could be identified by it. Diets could then be developed to help improve
fertility.

Peterhead dairy farmer James Will, of Hallmoss, St Fergus, took first place in
the big bale silage section of the forage awards.

His silage had a dry matter of 25.5%, with a pH of 3.9, an ammonia level of 16
and crude protein at 14.5%. D value was 68, with ME at 10.9 and fermentation in
class 4.

Mr Will has 90 Holstein cows, averaging 8,981litres at 3.25% protein and 3.99%
butterfat.

Second in the big bale section was T S Thomson and Sons, Kirkton Farm,
Cowdenbeath, who farm 363hectares. They milk 80 Holsteins, with an average yield
of 6,500litres at 3.0% protein and 3.95% butterfat.

Their silage contained dry matter of 30.8%, with pH at 4.3. Ammonia was at 9,
with crude protein at 11.4%. D value was at 64, with ME at 10.3. The silage was
in fermentation class 3.

Other winners were:

Big bale - 3 J and C Russell, Eastertown, Biggar.

Clamp silage - 1 Robert Montgomerie, Glenconner Farm, Ochiltree; 2 W and A
Watson, Muir Farm, Mauchline; 3 R Smith and Co, Corwar Outon Farm, Whithorn,
Newton Stewart.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 25, 1993 Thursday

LENGTH: 423 words


'94 corn crop acreage unchanged WASHINGTON (AP) Ä The 1994 corn acreage
reduction program will be set at zero, meaning more land can be planted to corn
next year than was this year, Secretary of Agriculture Mike Espy has announced.
The adjustment was made because the 1993 corn crop is down 31 percent from last
year and the projected 1993 corn carryover stocks are at the lowest level since
1975. The action was taken partly to help assure feed grain supplies would be
adequate for domestic livestock producers and to have sufficient feed grains for
export in 1994. For 1993, the acreage reduction was 10 percent of the crop
acreage base. The base is the average of the acreage planted for harvest during
the last five years. Agriculture law requires that the secretary announce the
feed grain acreage reduction percentage by Sept. 30. At the time, Espy announced
1994 feed grain ARP percentages of 5 percent for corn and zero percent for grain
sorghum, barley and oats. The secretary is also authorized to make adjustments
in the 1994 program no later than Nov. 15 if the total supply of feed grains
changes significantly after the first announcement. Since the initial
announcement, estimated feed grain supplies for the 1993 corn crop are down
about 8 percent.

New Caledonia free of ag diseases WASHINGTON (AP) Ä The Agriculture Department
has declared the Pacific Island of New Caledonia free of rinderpest and
foot-and-mouth disease. ""This regulatory revision eases restrictions on certain
meat and dairy products exported from New Caledonia to the United States,'' said
Billy G. Johnson, deputy administrator of veterinary services in USDA's Animal
and Plant Health Inspection Service. An island territory of France, New
Caledonia has its own animal health and veterinary program. USDA declared France
free of rinderpest and foot-and-mouth disease on July 23. New Caledonia has
never reported an outbreak of either highly communicable disease of cud-chewing
animals. Under the declaration, USDA will no longer restrict the importation of
milk, milk products and most fresh, chilled and frozen meat products from
ruminants Ä or cud-chewing Ä animals in New Caledonia. Johnson said USDA will
continue to restrict the importation of live swine and fresh, chilled or frozen
pork from the island because of the presence of hog cholera and swine vesicular
disease in France. Certain restrictions also will remain on ruminant meat and
edible products from New Caledonia because of the presence of bovine spongiform
encephalopathy in France.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           December 15, 2015 Tuesday

When a new generation refuses to farm, who will feed the people?

BYLINE: Alladin S. Diega

LENGTH: 920  words


ASKED how can the youth be made interested with agriculture, he said that career
orientation in schools should include actual visits to modern farms to show the
students that farming is lucrative and it's not all dirtying-yourself-stuff.

Visibility campaign of agriculture for the youth, schools can even include
elective subjects in high schools even in urban areas that discuss agriculture
and farming he also said.

Baranao also said that many of his friends have repeatedly urged him to shift to
another course, like accounting or information technology but firmly explained
that he is decided with farming.

Food. Survival. Healthy living. These are the images that comes to my mind
whenever I hear the word agriculture. Nothing is more important than that, he
added.

In an interview, Felino P. Lansigan, a professor of statistics at the University
of the Philippines Los Banos (UPLB), said that there is really a decline on the
enrollees of agricultural courses, the students are more into computer related
or technology related courses such as IT, computer engineering, adding that this
is because the youth see farming as all hard physical work.

UPLB has a new program, like agro-biotech, still very much related to
agriculture, for the students to realize that there is more to agriculture,
especially now that the move is toward modernization of the agriculture.

He also said that on the average, Filipino farmers are now 57 years of age, and
that there should really be a concerted effort to convince the young people to
engage in food production.

The lack of new generation ready to shoulder the yoke of farming is not unique
to the developing countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America. In the United
States of America, where farmers are generally believed to be better off
compared with their Asian counterparts, farming is also being relegated to a
much older population.

Currently, the average age of the American farmer is 58.3 years, while 30 years
ago, the average age was 50.3 years.

It's a major problem, Lindsey Lusher Shute, representative for the National
Young Farmers Coalition, a US-based organization, said in a statement available
online. Between the last two censuses, there's only an increase of 3,000 young
farmers. Tom Vilsak, the secretary of Agriculture, is calling for 100,000 new
farmers, She added.

According to Shute, the main problem is the very limited financial incentive for
young people to choose farming as a profession. There's just no way enough young
people enter agriculture to replace the number of retiring farmers unless there
is a very clear career path, she said.

The group is calling the US Congress to introduce legislation that would include
farmers to the definition of public service student loan forgiveness which
currently covers teachers, doctors, nurses, and non-profit employees.

If approved, after 10 years of income-driven repayments, the rest of the student
debt is written-off, allowing young farmers to focus on starting their
businesses without the burden of payments.

Asked whether a similar legislation could work in the Philippines, Virginia
Benosa, campaigner for Greenpeace Philippines, said that it might, except that
the US has a wider swaths of farm lands and being archipelago in nature,
agricultural lands are divided into separate islands which are currently
experiencing environmental abuse through a variety of irresponsible practices.

Instead, Greenpeace is calling for the government to make farming more
profitable and sustainable, by encouraging ecological agriculture, Benosa told
BusinessMirror.

The group calls for the government support to the producers, or farmers
themselves and allow them to deal directly with consumers to maximize their
profit she explained.

To maximize food production and yields, the group is also calling for the
minimize use of land for bioenergy as this limits the available land for food
production.

Under its recently launched program #IAmHampaslupa, Greenpeace is encouraging
young Filipinos to engage in food-production business or activities. Now more
than ever, with the challenges brought about by the changing climate, ageing
farmers, nutrition security, disaster response and environmental protection, we
need comprehensive, holistic and responsive plicies on food and agriculture that
can act to the growing needs and concern of Filipinos, she also said.

The group used the derogatory hampaslupa, which literally means hitting the land
or toiling the soil to release it from the historical negative connotation.

The IDC paper concluded that agriculture's lack of appeal to young people
reflects the lack of effective public investment in small holder farming and the
public infrastructure needed to link to markets. This also include constrained
access to land and uncertain access to inputs among young people, including land
fragmentation in many countries in past few decades and social change resulting
from rapid increases in mass education provision but which have often resulted
in a perceived decline in the status of agriculture.

However, the research also found out that agriculture could be made more
appealing to young people, with the right kinds of measures and support, which
include providing the right kinds of training at appropriate levels to reflect
the demands of the job market and broader public investment.

Also, farmers, across all generations, need support for accessing markets and to
improve productivity, including access to inputs and in the use of modern
technologies, the study said.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  May 22, 2003

Shift In Finishing Sector Forecast With Production Moving South

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; Beef; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 648 words


Reforms to Europe's Common Agricultural Policy will result in a drop in suckler
cow numbers in Scotland.  But Peter Cook, the much respected head of the rural
business unit at the Scottish Agricultural College, does not believe the fall in
the herd will be as high as many expect.

The biggest change from the CAP shake-up that is likely to be agreed next month
will come in the finishing sector, where a significant shift is being forecast
with production likely to move south to the more intensive arable areas, where
cheap feed is readily available.

Speaking to the Press and Journal, Mr Cook said if the current reform package
goes through unaltered there would be a 10-15 drop in suckler cow numbers in
Scotland to around 480,000 head.

Finishing systems would show big changes, with Scotland, according to the SAC
modelling, becoming predominantly a store cattle production area.

Store calves would then be sold to the intensive arable areas of England, the
Lothians, Borders, Angus and parts of Aberdeenshire.

Mr Cook believed feedlots - commonplace in the United States - could become more
common in the UK if the CAP changes go through as they stand.

The change in the finishing regime has the potential to cause significant
problems for those relying on cattle numbers.

There was on Tuesday a warning from the Meat and Livestock Commission that many
jobs would be lost in the downstream industries, including auction marts, meat
processors, feed firms and other companies dependent on farming.

Mr Cook said: "A lot of cattle will continue to be finished in Scotland, but a
lot less than previously. There may even be a change in the breeding and in the
size of the cattle that are finished.

"That all means a drop in tonnage - and for the Scottish meat sector that is bad
news, particularly for the processors.

"I do not, however, see the calamitous reduction that many are forecasting." The
CAP changes would also hit stock values, with a drop in price expected as a
result of the headage element of subsidy payments being removed.

Feeding too could become cheaper because of lower-priced cereals.

Mr Cook said he was worried about the future of arable farming in Scotland after
the reforms go through.

The removal of the production-based element of subsidies as proposed by CAP
reform could, he claimed, result in a 30 drop in the arable area.

Cereal cropping would shift to those areas most suited to it, while the marginal
areas which have grown arable crops to make best use of subsidies would revert
to grass - a regime that could, Mr Cook conceded, help livestock numbers.

He added: "Where the really big change is in arable area payments. Without these
the marginal arable areas will move out of cropping. Arable farming will
concentrate on the best bits." Mr Cook also tackled the issue of
competitiveness, highlighting again the huge financial differences that still
exist between the top and bottom third in the beef sector.

He added: "The difference is in the value of the calf and the feed costs. That
is what separates the men from the boys in terms of results." Beef farming had
over the last year been among the better sectors in agriculture, Mr Cook said.

While industry average figures pointed to poor performance, Mr Cook said the
best breeders had seen improved results. Finishers were subject again to
fluctuating returns form the marketplace.

He warned of changes ahead, adding that all headage payments would disappear - a
move that could see stock prices reduce.

Mr Cook said return on capital was also essential, highlighting again big
differences between the best and worst performers.

To achieve a 5 return on capital, the best producers needed to generate a
further £25 per acre margin. Those at the bottom end of the scale needing
anything between £50-£60 per acre to match the best performers.


LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 19, 1981 Tuesday

INTERNATIONAL REPORT   Farm bill

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 106 words


The U.S. House of Representatives Agriculture Committee has rejected
 President Ronald Reagan's plans to cut farm subsidies and instead has
 approved a comprehensive commodity bill that far exceeds Mr. Reagan's
 spending plans.

The House bill, according to the Administration, could cost more than
 twice as much as the $7.8-billion (U.S.) the Agriculture Department had
 planned to spend over the next four years on commodity programs. The bill
 sets higher price supports for wheat, corn, and dairy products than the
 Administration had planned, creates a new sugar price support system and
 retains income subsidies for grain and cotton farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  January 20, 2000 Thursday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Washington to give $125M relief to dairy farmers

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C02, Food Industry

LENGTH: 79 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture said yesterday it will give
dairy producers $125-million U.S. in subsidies. Dairy farmers increased output
last year as demand was robust for cheese, butter and other products, but prices
are likely to sink as low as 12.35 cents (US) a pound this year, down from a low
of 14.25 cents a pound last year. The USDA's Dairy Market Loss Assistance
program will pay producers based on their milk production in 1997 and 1998.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Brief

                    Copyright 2000 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 16, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Soviet Grain Output

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 2; Page 43, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 89 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 15


The United States Agriculture Department today estimated Soviet 1981 grain
production at 175 million metric tons, unchanged from its December estimate. In
its monthly report, the department put Soviet wheat production at 88 million
tons, coarse grain production at 77 million and miscellaneous grain production
at 10 million tons, all unchanged from last month.  The department said this
compares with the Soviet target of 236 million tons and is the smallest crop
since 1975.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

U.S. gives green light to imports of Irish beef;
Country is first in Europe to meet American safety rules after mad cow scare

BYLINE: DOUGLAS DALBY

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 776 words

DATELINE: DUBLIN

ABSTRACT

Ireland has met American safety rules, becoming the first European country to
come off a ban imposed after an outbreak of mad cow disease in the late 1990s.

FULL TEXT

Irish beef will be the first from Europe to be sold in the United States in
almost 16 years, after the lifting of a ban that had stemmed from an outbreak of
mad cow disease in the late 1990s.

The United States agreed to lift the ban last year, and Ireland is the first
European country since then to have met the requirements ensuring its beef was
safe. Although any Irish imports might represent only a tiny fraction of
American meat sales, Ireland might be likely to find a market among buyers
seeking beef raised in pastures and free from artificial growth hormones.

''This U.S. market is a huge prize given its size and the demand we know exists
there for premium grass-fed beef,'' Ireland's agriculture minister, Simon
Coveney, said Monday in an official announcement on Irish national radio. ''We
now have first-mover advantage as a result of being the first E.U. member state
to gain entry. There is also the large Irish-American community, which will be a
key target of our promotional efforts.''

The United States authorities imposed the ban over health fears during an
epidemic across Europe in the late 1990s that led to mass culling of cattle
herds. The formal name for mad cow disease is bovine spongiform encephalopathy,
an affliction that kills cattle by attacking the animals' brains and central
nervous systems. If tainted meat is consumed, the illness is believed to be
capable of causing fatal neurological disorders in humans, mainly through the
incurable variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.

Beef prices in the United States have risen in recent years as a result of
droughts and higher feed prices. Australia is a leading exporter of beef to the
United States, although most of that meat comes from industrial feed lots - not
the open-pasture beef that many Irish farms produce.

The demand for premium grass-fed, hormone-free beef in the United States,
particularly in the restaurant trade, is growing an estimated 20 percent a year,
Mr. Coveney said. Last year, the United States imported around 4 billion euros,
or about $4.8 billion, worth of such beef from countries like Paraguay and
Uruguay. Mr. Coveney estimates that the market could be worth (EURO)100 million
to the Irish beef industry in 2015.

The weak euro - it was trading in the range of $1.19 on Monday - should also
help Ireland's export drive, Mr. Coveney said.

The approval to begin exports follows an inspection by the American authorities
of Irish beef production systems last July, after the formal lifting of the ban
in March 2014. The Irish government hopes the United States approval might also
open other foreign markets.

''This is the culmination of two years of intensive work to prove our
credentials as a supplier of highest quality premium beef,'' Mr. Coveney said.
The Irish lobbying efforts included playing host to two visits by the United
States secretary of agriculture, Tom Vilsack.

Irish officials are now in a position to authorize individual beef-processing
plants to export to the United States. Mr. Coveney said that his department had
been in talks with interested producers and that the work would intensify so
trade could begin as soon as possible.

Paul Finnerty, chief executive of ABP Food Group, which has farms in Ireland,
Britain and Poland and is Europe's biggest beef processor, said the reopening of
the American market was ''a significant opportunity,'' given the demand in the
United States for grass-fed beef.

''We have been working on the ground in the U.S. over two years now and sense a
real opportunity for our business,'' he said in an email. ''We have been in
negotiations with a number of leading food service and retail players, and we
are expecting to make an announcement very shortly.''

But some farming organizations were more cautious. Patrick Kent, president of
the Irish Cattle and Sheep Farmers' Association, said the news was good only in
theory - unless big buyers proved willing to pay more for beef. ''Farmers will
remain skeptical, given the ruthless downward manipulation of prices by the meat
industry over the past 12 months,'' he said in a statement. ''They are still
waiting to see concrete benefits from previous announcements of new markets.''

Meat Industry Ireland, a trade group representing beef producers, said it
welcomed the announcement. But it cautioned that further clarity was required on
the approval process for producers, predicting that the exports would be a niche
market concentrated on premium meats sold in relatively low volumes.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            March 1, 2003, Saturday

FARM BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AGENCY URGED

BYLINE: RICHARD HALLORAN

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 386 words


ULSTER Farmers' Union president, John Gilliland, has called on Government to set
up a businesses development agency for agriculture, which will have the specific
brief of developing a spirit of innovation within the local farming industry.

"Annual output from the agri-food and ancillary sectors currently amounts to
pounds 2.2 billion," he told Farming Life.

"These industries also account for approximately 10 per cent of Northern
Ireland's working population. And we cannot afford to have this economic basis
eroded, something that is a real possibility given the pressures on our agri
food sectors at the present time."

Mr Gilliland's comments come in the wake of proposals by the World Trade
Organisation (WTO) that would establish the trading conditions for world
agriculture in the next decade.

He is claiming that these are completely imbalanced and would see European
agriculture suffer at the expense of other WTO partners such as the USA and the
Cairns Group.

The UFU president believes that global free trade could serve to erode Northern
Ireland's entire agri-food base.

"There has been outright rejection of the WTO proposals by EU farm leaders,"
stressed the UFU president. The parameters for agreement on agriculture at the
world trade talks are to be agreed by the end of March and this report is a very
bad start to the process.

"The world trade talks process is now accelerating and urgent action is needed
on behalf of local farming families."

He added: "EU Farm Commissioner, Franz Commissioner Fischler, will be
representing Europe at the WTO negotiations. We must ensure that local
agriculture is defended. This establishes the framework for further reforms of
the Common Agricultural Policy and is crucially important to the future of
farming families."

John Gilliland firmly believes that the WTO proposals focus on dismantling EU
support for agriculture. He is also critical of the fact that no recognition is
given to the great strides made by Europe on key issues such as animal welfare
and.

The UFU leader is also quick to highlight the frustrations felt by local farmers
by the way the WTO is targeting EU agriculture while other regions such as the
USA where continuing to underwrite their agricultural industry with little or no
criticism.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                January 16, 1999

Producers could turn to oats as alternative crop

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture: Arable, Pg.19

LENGTH: 576 words


OATS could yet shake off its Cinderella image - and take a major place in
Scottish cereal production this year.

Severe shortages of spring barley and wheat seed because of last year's dreadful
harvest might yet force farmers to look at oats as an alternative to normal
production.

The oat is among the few crops that has a true health benefit, with the US Food
and Drug Administration recently revealing it helped reduce risks of heart
disease.

Brian Hutchison, managing director of North Eastern Farmers, said: "For
generations our farming forefathers have understood the suitability of the
spring oat crop for the climatic conditions of North Scotland.

"Last year's difficult harvest again proved this fact. Even after a very wet,
cold spring and summer, the spring oat crop yielded very close to the
expectations of most farmers."

NEF is one of the biggest handlers of oats in the country, and has just launched
its 1999 milling oat contract, which offers a contract price based on a premium
above Scottish cereals, with extra for low screenings and high specific weights.
Scottish Quality Cereal members will also get a separate premium.

Mr Hutchison said: "The production of a crop, which receives no subsidies from
Brussels, but is destined for a local, real market, needs to be given due
consideration as a profitable alternative cereal."

There are several key factors to growing oats, including good free draining soil
and the ability to sow early in soil that has adequate phosphate and potash.
Growth regulators have to be used to keep the crop standing and mildew should
not be allowed to be establish itself.

Drummer is the newcomer this year.  It is the highest yielding spring oat on the
SAC recommended list and early maturing, has large grain size, low screenings
and good specific weight. It is to be launched to the grain trade on January 26
by Perryfields, in which NEF and Glencore are the shareholders.

Also available are: Amigo, which has a good yield, high kernel and short stiff
straw; Melys, the most widely grown with a stiff straw and good mildew
resistance; Dula, which has medium maturity, a fairly stiff straw and good
kernel content, but mildew control is essential; Valiant, which despite having
low screening losses, does have a low kernel content and specific weight.

Oats are used in a variety of products, including breakfast cereals, porridge
oats, and biscuits.

Millers used to be commonplace in every parish across the country, but today few
are left. One of the biggest millers is Grampian Oat Products, near Banff, but
among the more traditional is the Aberfeldy Water Mill, which still uses age-old
traditions to make its fine, coarse, medium and pinhead meal.

Its water-driven millstones are currently being re-sharpened in the
time-honoured tradition as it prepares for its annual influx of visitors keen to
see how oats are milled the old-fashioned way.

Director Thomas Rodger, the seventh generation miller in his family, said
upwards of 2tonnes of oats are milled daily by miller George Paxton, and shipped
across the country.

The secret, Mr Rodger claims, to the best meal is in the roasting of the oats.
He said: "We roast them to between 5-6%. That puts the flavour in the meal,
whereas some of the more modern plants are after quantity not quality.

The recent closure of the Montgarrie Mill at Alford had boosted business at
Aberfeldy, where there has been a mill for 450 years.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 22, 1998, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

CRISIS IN INDONESIA;
Greenspan expects fallout from Asia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 444 words


Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Thursday that economic conditions
in Indonesia and other hard-hit Asian nations have deteriorated in recent weeks,
and the fallout is "only now just being felt" by the U.S. economy.

Greenspan, testifying along with Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman before the House Agriculture Committee, said part of the
progress several nations made early this year in stabilizing their economies has
been reversed.

Until the situation "fully stabilizes, we can't really have confidence" the
Asian problems won't spread further through the world financial system, he said.
Rubin, too, suggested the United States has yet to feel the worst effects of the
crisis as he and Greenspan implored Congress to pass legislation to increase the
borrowing authority of the cash-strapped International Monetary Fund by $ 18
billion.

Should the crises that enveloped the economies of Indonesia, Thailand and South
Korea spread to any other sizable economy, they warned, the agency would not
have the resources to stem the collapse. That could set off a global panic.

"These occurrences are possible, and the consequences to us could be severe,"
Rubin said.

Greenspan and Rubin told the committee the United States can expect soaring
trade deficits and slower growth for the rest of the year in large part because
of collapsing demand for U.S.-made goods in Asia.

"Nearly 40 percent of America's agricultural production is exported, and roughly
40 percent of that export goes to Asia," Rubin said. "That's about $ 23 billion.
Many fishermen in Alaska are suffering because depreciating currencies (of the
Asian nations) have caused their fish to be too expensive for Asian markets. . .
. Corn farmers in the Midwest, livestock producers in the West are all feeling
the effects."

In other developments: World Bank President James Wolfensohn said at a news
conference in Moscow that the international lender will work with "any
democratically elected government" in Indonesia, but he didn't say whether he
considers the new administration of B.J. Habibie democratic. "We'll have to wait
and see what the next 48 hours in Indonesia bring," Wolfensohn said. Overall, "I
think the whole situation is settling down." U.S. and IMF officials said they
would initially judge Indonesia's new government by whether the Cabinet includes
such reformers as Economic Minister Ginandjar Kartasasmita, who has been the
main liaison with the IMF. Habibie is widely distrusted by the IMF, the World
Bank and Washington because he is seen as a beneficiary of the crony capitalism
that hurt Indonesia's economy.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 3 1986, Sunday

American Account: US gets half a loaf

BYLINE: IRWIN STELZER

SECTION: Issue 8452.

LENGTH: 937 words


THE AMERICAN agricultural crisis has reached a point where it is affecting more
than just the country's cosseted farmers. Uncorrected, it may transfer control
of the Senate from the Republicans to the Democrats, place a strain on US-Soviet
relations, increase the trade deficit sufficiently to give a critical boost to
the protectionist lobby and raise the federal budget deficit by enough to bust
the Gramm-Rudman budget targets. That's a lot to claim for one crisis. But it is
no exaggeration.

Agriculture was once thought to be America's most efficient industry. Between
1970 and 1980, employment fell by a third while production of such key crops as
corn and wheat almost doubled. And prices rose. Corn went from dollars 1.33 to
dollars 3.11 per bushel while wheat prices tripled to dollars 3.91 per bushel.
Exports, too, soared - from dollars 7 billion in 1970 to dollars 41 billion in
1980, when US agricultural exports exceeded imports by dollars 24 billion.


America seemed on the verge of becoming the world's breadbasket. But this
prosperity was based on government support which would prove ineffective when
agricultural markets became international.

Government agriculture programmes had three goals: inflate demand for food,
restrict supply and raise prices. Demand for food was increased by
government-supported food stamps, school lunches and other programmes. By 1980,
their total bill exceeded dollars 13 billion.

Supply was restricted by schemes to reduce acreage, with huge sums paid to
farmers willing to withdraw land from production, even though these farmers were
smart enough to keep production high by leaving fallow only the least productive
land, while more intensively farming the rest.

To complete farming's support system, the government set minimum prices and
acted as the buyer of last resort for crops that could not be sold at those
prices.

Unfortunately, those with visions of never-ending American agricultural
prosperity forgot that what works in a closed national market doesn't in a
competitive international one. As the dollar strengthened in the 1980s, American
farm products for export became more expensive.

Producers in Europe and Latin America responded to American-set price floors and
output cuts by expanding their own production. So prices began to fall, just as
farmers were getting the bills for their wildly-expanded debt. For, in response
to the boom of the 1970s and to low interest rates, land prices had been bid up
by farmers running their debt load from dollars 30 billion in 1970 to almost
dollars 100 billion in 1980.

The decline in farm exports was so sharp that America imported more food than it
exported in May of this year, the first time it has been a net agricultural
importer in 16 years. There are several reasons for this decline.

Increases in government price support in 1981 came just as world prices were
declining, making US products uncompetitive in world markets. Moreover, the
decline in the dollar has been confined largely to non-agricultural goods: the
trade-weighted dollar has actually risen against the currencies of wheat
competitors such as Canada, Australia and Argentina.

To stimulate exports, the US government then decided to let prices drop to world
levels, but subsidised farmers to the tune of the difference between government
support prices and world market prices. This will cost about dollars 35 billion
this year, adding more to the federal budget deficit than all of the Pentagon's
cost overruns combined.

More than 80% of these payments, all financed by taxpayers, will go to the
largest farmers - those with assets of over dollars 2m and incomes of dollars
170,000. Never have so few owed so much to so many.

Even this munificence does not satisfy farmers, who are pressing for still more
aid. The Republican Senate leader, Bob Dole of Kansas, is acutely aware that 11
of the 22 Republican seats being contested in November are in farm states. With
the Republican majority now only three, a Democratic sweep of farm votes would
leave President Reagan to face two hostile legislative chambers in his last two
years in office.

So Dole had the Senate pass a bill last week to force the president to offer
subsidies, in the form of grain from overflowing government warehouses, as
bonuses to communist countries buying US farm products. One senator lamely
defended his vote: 'You market grains where the mouths are and the mouths are in
the Soviet Union and China. '

Dole's subsidy is a strange reward to Russia for its violations of its 1983
wheat-purchasing agreement. In 1985 the Russians failed to buy the minimum
amount of wheat they had committed to take. They have announced that alleged
poor quality and high prices relieve them of any obligation to keep to agreed
1986 purchase levels.

The problem, of course, is that declining oil prices have so reduced Russian
hard-currency earnings that the Soviets are hard-pressed to earn the dollars to
pay for American wheat. Reagan, his eye on the bigger issue of ensuring a summit
and some sort of arms control agreement, is reluctant to remind Mr Gorbachev
that his breach of the wheat deal may encourage many senators to assume he will
do the same with any arms control pact.

In the end, the American, Japanese and European governments may see the folly of
consumption-reducing price-support programmes, and substitute more efficient
direct-income supplements to needy farmers. But it is more likely that EEC
butter surpluses and US grain surpluses will end up at subsidised prices on the
tables of Russians.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 22, 1985, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Canada probes Europe's beef subsidies

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 288 words


   Canada has started a probe into subsidized European beef imports, just as
Canadian beef producers seem poised to get their own subsidization plan to
stabilize beef prices.

Revenue Canada said yesterday it will determine whether European beef exports to
Canada are being unfairly subsidized, and hopes to make a decision by January.

The move, which was requested by the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, could
result in a countervailing duty against the European meat.

Ironically, Canadian beef producers may also get some government help of their
own.

Ontario and the federal government are reportedly near agreement on a
"stabilization" plan for beef producers.

Under the plan, beef farmers, provincial governments and the federal government
would contribute equal shares to the stabilization fund. The fund would pay
money to farmers during periods of low beef prices.

Provincial governments would have to cut off their own subsidy programs if they
joined the national plan, however.

Federal Agriculture Minister John Wise has warned that U.S. beef producers could
say that the fund amounts to a subsidy, and erect their own barriers against
Canadian beef or cattle.

The United States has already slapped duties on Canadian live hogs this year
because of a "stabilization" payment made to pork producers by the federal
government.

No duty was imposed on pork exports by the U.S., and there was speculation that
exports of pork might replace the live hogs.

Figures compiled by the Canadian Meat Council, which represents packers, show
that in the nine weeks after the U.S. decision to put a duty on Canadian hogs,
hog exports to the U.S. were down 68 per cent from the same point last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1985 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            October 29, 2013 Tuesday

Grass-fed meat promises to revive health benefits

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 445 words


Farming and consuming grass-fed red meat might just save the planet.

This form of farming was completely sustainable, nutritional therapist Nora
Gedgaudas told farmers and visitors at the World Angus Forum in Rotorua.

It is also the predominant method of farming livestock in New Zealand.

"Grass-fed meat may just be the most healthy and sustainable food source on
Earth," she said.

Much of the earth's landmass was unsuitable for agriculture, yet it could
support grazing livestock while providing nutritionally dense food, she said.

Grass-fed beef was vastly nutritionally superior to grain-fed beef. It had a
higher omega-3 content and was also loaded with minerals and vitamins,
antioxidants and conjugated linoleic acids, which reduce the risks of cancer,
obesity and diabetics.

This is because the health of the meat is directly related to the health of the
animal.

She questioned whether the feedlot systems used overseas to finish cattle was
the future of food production because many of the nutritional advantages seen in
grass-fed beef were lost.

Gedgaudas is an expert in Paleolithic nutrition and runs a private practice in
the United States.

She is the author of the book, Primal Body, Primal Mind, which looks at diet and
health from an evolutionary point of view.

She argued that humans would lead healthier lives by adapting Paleolithic
principles.

Studies showed that meat and animal fat made up 90 per cent of the diet of early
humans and this form of food played a critical role in the human diet and brain
development, she said. The human genetic expression had not changed
significantly over the past 200,000 years and humans were genetically and
psychologically hunter-gatherers.

Humans were designed to get their protein from animal-sourced foods, which were
of huge nutritional importance.

This changed with the emergence of modern agriculture. Humans had progressively
lost about 10 per cent of brain volume since the adoption of an agricultural
lifestyle about 10,000 years ago, Gedgaudas said.

It also resulted in a change of human diet, where the consumption of high
energy, fat rich foods of animal origin were replaced by less energy-dense and
more health compromising grains, which human were not genetically adapted for.
In modern times, 90 per cent of the world's food supply is provided by 17
species of plants which were entirely new to the human diet, she said.

The No 1 source of calories in the United States diet was fructose corn syrup
and the No 1 source of fat calories was soya bean oil.

"That's not fat, folks, that's frankenfat, so today Western society is
essentially committing carbocide." Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Nora Gedgaudas

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                August 12, 2006

Drought puts state's crops in bad shape.

BYLINE: John Dobberstein

LENGTH: 651 words



HIGHLIGHT: cotton trade forecasted


Aug. 12--Oklahoma's cotton, sorghum and peanut crops will shrink dramatically
this year, the government predicted Friday, continuing the litany of bad news
for the state's farmers.

Oklahoma's cotton production may drop by 30 percent, with only 250,000 bales
expected at harvest, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's July
estimates.

"I hope we make that. We may not," said J.C. Banks, a professor and cotton
specialist for Oklahoma State University's Cooperative Extension service.

Record cotton harvests were recorded in 2004 and 2005 in Oklahoma. Last year's
harvest brought in 358,000 bales and $80 million.

The 2006 cotton crop was battered by searing heat and drought. Some dryland crop
areas in southwestern Oklahoma are seeing the worst drought on record, Banks
said.

On Tuesday, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration rated most of
Oklahoma in the "extreme" or "exceptional" drought category, with less-serious
drought conditions in the northeast and Panhandle regions.

Most cotton fields in eastern Tillman County are in the crop disaster category,
Banks said.

In the state's irrigation district for cotton, surrounding Lake Altus Lugert,
water has been severely rationed and producers may run out in a week or two,
Banks said. Irrigation wells in Harmon County are running dry, and irrigation
has stopped.

"That's really going to hurt our yield," Banks said. "This is a critical time
where we need to fill the cotton boles."

The only cotton in decent shape, Banks said, is in west-central Oklahoma, in
Caddo and Beckham counties, where more irrigation has been possible.

It's not just Oklahoma, Banks said. Georgia, Texas and Alabama combined will
produced 4.1 million fewer bales of cotton than last year. Nationally, the
cotton crop should be 20.4 million bales, down 14 percent from last year's
record 23.9 million bales, the USDA said.

Sorghum production in Oklahoma could fall 20 percent from last year's crop, with
9.8 million bushels expected in 2006. That would be a drop of one-third from
2004's harvest of 14.4 million bushels.

The soybean harvest will also be smaller, with 5.7 million bushels expected this
year -- down nearly 28 percent from 2005. Nationally, soybean production is
forecast at 2.93 billion bushels, down 5 percent.

Oklahoma's peanut crop, already dwindling because of changes in federal
programs, will take another big hit.

The USDA predicts a harvest of 72 million pounds, a 31 percent decrease from
2005 and the lowest amount since 1956. About 24,000 acres will be harvested, the
lowest total since 1930.

Oklahoma's share of the peanut crop is small compared to states like Georgia,
which could harvest 1.4 billion pounds of peanuts this year. But Georgia, Texas,
Alabama and Florida also face big reductions in peanut yields. The national crop
could be one-third smaller this year than in 2005.

The alfalfa hay crop in Oklahoma could be 23 percent smaller in 2006, and
production of all other hay should be down nearly 17 percent.

The corn forecast for Oklahoma is better, with 28.6 million bushels expected --
only 150,000 bushels less than last year.

The outlook has improved for meat. Analysts raised forecasts for beef and
chicken production, as well as price forecasts for cattle, chickens and hogs.

The pace of beef exports has picked up, with strong sales to Canada and Mexico.
Recovery of the Japanese market, closed to the U.S. until recently over fears of
mad cow disease, will occur gradually, analysts said.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

To see more of the Tulsa World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tulsaworld.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Tulsa World, Okla.

Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5260328

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                       Business and Management Practices
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "CO-ALLIANCE" to Co-Alliance (INDIANA)

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Co-Alliance (INDIANA), has been granted trademark (4688187) titled as
"CO-ALLIANCE" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 035. US 100 101 102. G & S: Cooperative buying club services in the
fields of farming, agriculture, commercial motor fuel, retail propane services,
grain marketing services, livestock, and livestock feed; business services,
namely, combined strategic goods or services sourcing and cooperative purchasing
for others; cooperative advertising and marketing services; administration of
programs to promote economic and business development projects in agricultural
and farming communities; business management consultation in the fields of
farming, agriculture, commercial motor fuel, retail propane services, grain
marketing, livestock and livestock feed production; business management
assistance in the establishment and operation of farms and co-ops; providing
business information to agricultural communities and community-based
organizations; business consultation services in the field of cooperative
business development relating to agriculture and farming. FIRST USE: 20060000.

Filing Date: June 27, 2014

Date of registration: February 17, 2015

First Use in Commerce: 2006

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 15, 1988, Wednesday, Final Edition

Drought Hurting Crops, USDA Secretary Says;
Lyng Calls Disaster Predictions Premature

BYLINE: Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 678 words


Extreme heat and lack of rain have devastated crops in some parts of the
country, but Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng told a nervous Senate
committee yesterday that it is too early to predict a weather disaster for
American farmers.

In a meeting with the Senate Agriculture Committee, Lyng said that "very, very
serious drought" has affected production in the northern tier of states and in
isolated pockets in the South and in the eastern Corn Belt.

"It has been disastrous in some places," Lyng said, "but it is a little bit too
soon to say the country is facing a grim disaster."

The dry, hot spring in northern agricultural areas has made grain markets edgy,
sent futures prices inching upward in some cases, caused fears of higher food
costs for consumers and touched off a wave of calls from Capitol Hill for Lyng
to provide federal aid to farmers whose crops may be stricken.

Lyng would not commit the administration to rubber-stamping assistance to
farmers in advance, but he agreed to join a committee task force set up by
Chairman Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) to monitor the weather picture and consider
ways to channel federal help to affected farmers.

Lyng and Norton Strommen, the Agriculture Department's chief meteorologist, said
weather patterns during the next month will be critical to the corn and soybean
crops that predominate in the Midwest. "The Corn Belt is the most reliable
farming area in the world, but here in mid-June it is being threatened," Lyng
said.

Strommen said overnight rains that ended yesterday and the prospect of normal to
above-normal rainfall in the next 10 days could brighten the outlook. But, he
noted, the longer-range forecast through mid-July indicates below-normal
rainfall in the central Corn Belt and northern Rockies, with temperatures above
normal.

"The stress will continue across the central and eastern Corn Belt," he said,
"and corn is the crop coming into its most sensitive period -- the end of June
and July. Soybeans can stand the stress longer . . . . Current crop conditions
show a deterioration [of yield potential] in the last two weeks, but it is not
as great as one might suspect because of the subsoil moisture."

Data distributed by the USDA indicated that 60 percent of the wheat crop in
Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota and 40 percent in South Dakota and Indiana
was rated "poor" or "very poor" because of the weather.

At least 20 percent of the corn in Missouri, Indiana, Ohio and Michigan was
rated "poor" or "very poor," while soybeans in Indiana, Kentucky, Arkansas and
Louisiana had suffered similar damage.

Lyng and Strommen agreed with Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.) that farmers and
livestock producers in North Dakota already have taken a severe hit from the
drought and heat, which Conrad said could cost farmers $ 2.7 billion in lost
federal benefits and lost sales.

"Barley and wheat production will be off 40 percent, even with rain. Pasture
conditions are the worst since 1922. The loss has already been significant . . .
. We are faced with a disaster now," Conrad said.

Lyng, however, refused to promise that the administration would provide extra
aid or guarantee subsidy payments to farmers whose crops fail. "It is the wrong
moment for the administration to be endorsing [legislation]," he said.

The secretary also rejected, for now at least, a proposal that farmers be
allowed to cut hay and graze livestock on land enrolled in the soil conservation
reserve, a program that pays farmers to idle their most erodible land for 10
years.

"If we don't move quickly, we will lose the feed value of those acres. I hope
the department will take a look and open up the reserve on a county by county
basis . . . . We're not plowing it up, it would be used on a one-time basis,"
Sen. Thomas Daschle (D-S.D.) said.

Leahy and Lyng agreed that if the weather situation remains critical, the new
task force could explore the Daschle proposal and others intended to provide
farmers with federal aid.

"The best thing for us to do is pray for rain," Lyng said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 15, 1988, Wednesday, Final Edition

Drought Hurting Crops, USDA Secretary Says;
Lyng Calls Disaster Predictions Premature

BYLINE: Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 678 words


Extreme heat and lack of rain have devastated crops in some parts of the
country, but Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng told a nervous Senate
committee yesterday that it is too early to predict a weather disaster for
American farmers.

In a meeting with the Senate Agriculture Committee, Lyng said that "very, very
serious drought" has affected production in the northern tier of states and in
isolated pockets in the South and in the eastern Corn Belt.

"It has been disastrous in some places," Lyng said, "but it is a little bit too
soon to say the country is facing a grim disaster."

The dry, hot spring in northern agricultural areas has made grain markets edgy,
sent futures prices inching upward in some cases, caused fears of higher food
costs for consumers and touched off a wave of calls from Capitol Hill for Lyng
to provide federal aid to farmers whose crops may be stricken.

Lyng would not commit the administration to rubber-stamping assistance to
farmers in advance, but he agreed to join a committee task force set up by
Chairman Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) to monitor the weather picture and consider
ways to channel federal help to affected farmers.

Lyng and Norton Strommen, the Agriculture Department's chief meteorologist, said
weather patterns during the next month will be critical to the corn and soybean
crops that predominate in the Midwest. "The Corn Belt is the most reliable
farming area in the world, but here in mid-June it is being threatened," Lyng
said.

Strommen said overnight rains that ended yesterday and the prospect of normal to
above-normal rainfall in the next 10 days could brighten the outlook. But, he
noted, the longer-range forecast through mid-July indicates below-normal
rainfall in the central Corn Belt and northern Rockies, with temperatures above
normal.

"The stress will continue across the central and eastern Corn Belt," he said,
"and corn is the crop coming into its most sensitive period -- the end of June
and July. Soybeans can stand the stress longer . . . . Current crop conditions
show a deterioration [of yield potential] in the last two weeks, but it is not
as great as one might suspect because of the subsoil moisture."

Data distributed by the USDA indicated that 60 percent of the wheat crop in
Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota and 40 percent in South Dakota and Indiana
was rated "poor" or "very poor" because of the weather.

At least 20 percent of the corn in Missouri, Indiana, Ohio and Michigan was
rated "poor" or "very poor," while soybeans in Indiana, Kentucky, Arkansas and
Louisiana had suffered similar damage.

Lyng and Strommen agreed with Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.) that farmers and
livestock producers in North Dakota already have taken a severe hit from the
drought and heat, which Conrad said could cost farmers $ 2.7 billion in lost
federal benefits and lost sales.

"Barley and wheat production will be off 40 percent, even with rain. Pasture
conditions are the worst since 1922. The loss has already been significant . . .
. We are faced with a disaster now," Conrad said.

Lyng, however, refused to promise that the administration would provide extra
aid or guarantee subsidy payments to farmers whose crops fail. "It is the wrong
moment for the administration to be endorsing [legislation]," he said.

The secretary also rejected, for now at least, a proposal that farmers be
allowed to cut hay and graze livestock on land enrolled in the soil conservation
reserve, a program that pays farmers to idle their most erodible land for 10
years.

"If we don't move quickly, we will lose the feed value of those acres. I hope
the department will take a look and open up the reserve on a county by county
basis . . . . We're not plowing it up, it would be used on a one-time basis,"
Sen. Thomas Daschle (D-S.D.) said.

Leahy and Lyng agreed that if the weather situation remains critical, the new
task force could explore the Daschle proposal and others intended to provide
farmers with federal aid.

"The best thing for us to do is pray for rain," Lyng said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Statement from Secretary Tom Vilsack on Updated 2015 U.S. Farm
Income Forecast

LENGTH: 426 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



  "As one growing season comes to an end and another lies on the horizon, USDA
continues to seek out new and innovative ways to expand opportunity for
America's farming families and support markets that will boost farm income.
Roughly one in three American farm products are exported, but there is
significant and as yet untapped opportunity in markets in Asia and Europe. By
the end of the year, I will have met with key leaders in those regions to
promote the benefits of the Trans-Pacific Partnership and further negotiations
on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, as well as expanded
access in China. Expanded trade will help to drive higher commodity prices,
additional farm income and agribusiness jobs that ultimately generate more cash
flow in rural economies and support local businesses on main street.





 "Thanks to its ability to remain competitive through thick and thin, American
agriculture continues to enjoy some of the strongest years in our nation's
history, supporting and creating good-paying American jobs for millions, and
positioning the United States as a reliable supplier of high-quality goods for
domestic and foreign markets alike. Overall, today's projections provide a
snapshot of a rural America that continues to remain innovative, stable and
resilient in the aftermath of the worst animal disease outbreak in our nation's
history and as the western United States unloosens itself from the grip of
historic drought. For example, today's projections indicate a rise in specialty
crop receipts in 2015, while final farm income for 2014 was revised upward by
$1.9 billion since August and $13.5 billion since February. Today's estimates
also indicate that new 2014 Farm Bill safety net programs are working as
intended and helping producers protect their operations from changes in the
marketplace.



 "Since 2009, USDA, under President Obama, has made historic investments in
rural America and American agriculture. Two-thirds of all rural counties gained
jobs over the past year and the American economy overall has created 8 million
jobs over the past 36 months, the fastest pace since 2000. USDA and the Obama
Administration will continue to stand with America's farming families, small
businesses and rural communities as they build a brighter future for our country
on the land that they love."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                         September 25, 2002, Wednesday

US BUYS UP $ 30M OF PORK

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 167 words


THE United States Government has announced that it is to buy $ 30 million
(pounds 19.5m) worth of ham, pork patties, sausage and minced pork for the
Federal school lunch programme to help pig producers, writes DAVID McCOY.

This purchase is the biggest by the Government since 1998 when it spent $ 50m
(pounds 32.4m) to try to siphon excess supplies from the market.

The United States Department of Agriculture regularly buys smaller amounts of
meats, eggs, fruit and vegetables for the Federal school lunch programme.

This purchase is the equivalent of 50 million pounds of pork products and will
bring the amount spent by the Government buying pork products this year to
almost $ 45m (pounds 29m).

Following the announcement, pig prices increased by 50 cents to $ 1 per pound.

However, futures traders were more cautious, pointing out that this would only
remove a small proportion of the excess pork from the market and, as a result,
October contract prices eased slightly.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 10, 1993, Tuesday

Goat market gets milked Fort Valley State scientists seek better products

BYLINE: By Hollis R. Towns STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 8

LENGTH: 601 words


Fort Valley, Ga. - In a remote section of sun-baked pasture just off the main
campus, a team of scientists at Fort Valley State College is attempting to breed
a bigger, meatier, more profitable goat.

"We're interested in producing a more efficient goat that will increase the
bottom line for farmers," said Seyoum Gelaye, director of the Georgia Goat
Research and Extension Center, about 100 miles south of Atlanta. "Goat meat is
leaner and lower in fat than beef, and goat milk is healthier than cow's milk.
The market potential for these products is enormous."

As Americans become more health conscious, scientists at Fort Valley State are
pioneering new ways to breed and raise goats that someday will result in more
products in local grocery stores and more profits for those who raise the
animals.

"We have definitely noticed an increase in the goat farming in Georgia," said
state Agriculture Commissioner Tommy Irvin. "The facility at Fort Valley State
has made a significant contribution to that industry."

Growing number of dairy farms

There were 230 milk goat farms in Georgia in 1987, the most recent year for
which the state Department of Agriculture has figures; those farms had 1,926
goats. No numbers were kept on farms producing goat meat, which is much less
popular.

But officials said the number of farms has grown in the past five years because
there is a growing market for the products. Georgia is home to more people from
countries where goat milk, steaks, barbecue and curried meat are staples.

In gourmet shops around Atlanta, premium goat cheese can cost as much as $ 6 a
pound.

"People are looking for alternatives, especially as the health consciousness
increases in the country," said Denise Wilson, spokeswoman for the American
Dairy Goat Association.

But there are challenges that must be overcome before goat products can compete
with cows. First, animals must be bred that produce more milk, or meat, to make
them cost-efficient.

Bonnie Zink, who farmed dairy goats in Loganville for several years, got out of
the business recently because she could not get enough goat milk for the cheeses
she sold.

"We never came close to meeting the demand we had," she said. "It was very
frustrating."

Education campaign considered

About a dozen scientists, research assistants and animal caretakers working with
a herd of 200 goats are attacking the problems in Fort Valley. The school soon
will start construction on a $ 700,000 research and processing plant for dairy
products including cheeses, yogurt, milk and ice cream.

Scientists are using gene-splicing techniques to breed a goat that will produce
more than a gallon of milk, Dr. Gelaye said. Cows can produce considerably more.

But goat milk has less fat and is more easily digested by the human body, and
the vitamins are more readily usable, said Thomas Terrill, forage scientist at
the goat center. Additionally, goat milk can be consumed by people who are
allergic to cow milk.

Researchers also are trying to trick the animals into breeding more than their
usual once a year. By limiting daylight hours for the animals, they have been
somewhat successful.

Even as researchers try to breed the perfect goat, industry officials and
farmers said they also must educate the public about the animal and erase
long-held myths concerning their eating habits.

And what about that pungent smell most people associate with the animals?

Well, there are certain things science can't control, Dr. Gelaye concedes.

"It comes from the buck during mating season," he said. "And to the doe, it
smells good."

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932240188

GRAPHIC: Facts to chew on -Goat milk is closer to human milk in composition than
that of any domesticated animal. It also is healthier and more digestible.
-Worldwide, more people drink goat milk than cow milk. -Cashmere, the fine
fabric, comes from Angora goats. -Goats were the second animal domesticated,
after the dog. -Goats don't eat tin cans, wires or shoes. In fact, they are
pickier eaters than cows or pigs. -The term "goatee" comes from the whiff of
hair under a goat's chin. -Unless confined, goats will roam 10 to 20 miles a day
out of curiosity. -A dairy goat will produce about a gallon of milk per milking,
compared to about 10 gallons for a cow. Sources: Georgia Goat Research and
Extension Center, American Dairy Goat Association Color photo from C/01: A
better goat? Schauston Miller gets attention from one of the goats at Fort
Valley State College's goat research complex where he runs the day-to-day
operations. A team of scientists is trying to produce a bigger, meatier and, of
course, more profitable goat. The market potential "is enormous," an expert
says. See article, Page C8. /LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff Color Photo: Goats are
driven into milking stations at Fort Valley State College, where scientists are
pioneering new ways to breed and raise the animals. /Photos by LOUIE FAVORITE /
Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Local farming a solution to global turmoil

SECTION: Pg. A9

LENGTH: 644 words


The day before Donald Trump became the President of the United States, the
provincial agriculture minister, Rick Doucet, announced a policy for the
protection and preservation of farmland in New Brunswick, addressing a priority
issue for this province. Taken together, these two events, though unrelated,
convey a symbolic message about our perceptions of the future.The inauguration
of President Trump ushers in an era of uncertainty. The world order we have
known for decades is crumbling. The principles which have guided our society in
an interdependent world are threatened; divisive forces work to turn us against
each other.

Mass migrations of displaced populations and extreme weather events are
harbingers of change that will alter our lives forever.How do people react when
they are frightened or anxious? They head for home. Remember on 9/11 how anyone
who was away moved heaven and earth to get back? This was an extreme case, but
it illustrates the depth of our need to hunker down where we feel safest. New
crises, as yet poorly defined, lie ahead. Already people from both the west and
the south are buying property in our province. For some, it represents a
potential refuge; for others, it is an investment to take advantage of the
inevitably increasing search for security.New Brunswick holds the key to
stability in this turbulence. People need food. We can grow it. More than ever,
we need to promote and encourage farming and local food production and
consumption.Until recently, New Brunswick has neglected agriculture in favour of
exploitation of more lucrative resources. Happily, this government is shaking
off the traditional stupor and recognizing that farming may in fact be the
foundation of our future ability not only to survive but to thrive. Interest in
our farmland is growing; the Department of Agriculture now has a development
unit dedicated to attracting and retaining new farmers. We have affordable
farmland available. We have immigrants who want to put down roots here; we have
a generation of young people who are attracted to local farming.
Back-to-the-land movements have occurred throughout history. Most recently,
Greeks have been streaming back to their agricultural villages because of high
unemployment in the cities; today in Canada young people are returning to the
land in part because it offers the opportunity for a future with a sustainable
lifestyle and meaningful purpose.Political, economic and social trends favour
the growth of farming in New Brunswick, both the big commercial agricultural
units and the locally-focused production of healthy food. The wave is coming. We
must be prepared.The new policy points out that agricultural land is a finite,
non-renewable resource that cannot be replaced once lost to development. It is
the backbone of all agricultural activities. Clearing new land is expensive; it
takes many years of careful husbandry to bring land to a productive state.
Therefore, existing farmland must be protected from loss due to encroachment and
topsoil stripping, and new land must be brought into development for long-term
agricultural use. Such a policy provides a foundation which protects investment
in farmland from conflicting pressures, and creates opportunities for growth in
both domestic and export markets, as well as value-added products. Equally
important, this policy provides clarity for planners, developers and owners
regarding what is valuable and necessary for a sustainable agricultural land
base.In an unpredictable world, it is reassuring that we recognize the security
offered by our undervalued farmland asset. While New Brunswick may currently be
perceived by others as the country bumpkin of Canada, the future is heading our
way. We should believe it, and be ready.Sue Rickards is a social policy analyst.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     September 12, 2003 Friday CITY EDITION

FEDERAL CROP COUNT CRITICIZED
FARMERS, AG EXPERTS SAY FULL IMPACT OF DROUGHT ISN'T TALLIED

BYLINE: LEE EGERSTROMPioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 697 words


Farmers, state agricultural officials and industry analysts said Thursday that
federal projections for this year's corn and soybean harvests are probably too
high because they don't account for the full impact of the Upper Midwest's
prolonged drought.

In its September harvest forecast, the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated
Thursday that the nationwide corn crop will be only 1 percent less than a year
ago, and the soybean crop will be down by 8 percent from last year. Large
harvests in the eastern half of the United States should offset drought-affected
smaller crops in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa, the USDA said.

But farmers and analysts were quick to discount yield estimates for the Upper
Midwest states, where drought conditions have worsened since Sept. 1 -- when
government field inspectors visited corn, soybean and sugarbeet fields to
prepare their monthly harvest forecast.

"We'll know a lot more for the Oct. 10 (USDA) forecast because the harvest will
be well under way in another three weeks," said Mike Hunst, state statistician
with the Minnesota Agricultural Statistics Service. Hunst said field conditions
have deteriorated since the Sept. 1 survey. Better data will be found later this
month when farmers start harvesting corn and soybeans that are quickly drying in
their fields.

Minnesota Agriculture Commissioner Gene Hugoson, a farmer in Martin County along
the Iowa border, said weather and crop conditions are different in isolated
locales across the state. Some Minnesota farmers may pull in near-normal crops,
he said, while 10 miles away other farmers will see the worst crops of their
careers.

Hugoson said the harvest will fall short of Thursday's forecast, even though not
all farms are as drought-stressed as those in east-central Minnesota, around the
Twin Cities and in parts of southeastern Minnesota. He visited with farmers in
northwestern and west-central Minnesota on Thursday and saw crops ranging from
normal to destroyed, he said.

Based on field surveys of 11 days ago, the USDA offered a Minnesota corn
forecast of more than 989 million bushels, down only about 60 million bushels
from a year ago, with a yield estimated at 151 bushels per acre -- only a six
bushels per acre drop from last year's bountiful harvest. An acre is a measure
of land about the size of a football field.

Minnesota's soybean harvest was forecast at 277.5 million bushels, down from
308.9 million bushels a year ago, and the yield was estimated at 37 bushels per
acre, a drop from an average of 43.5 bushels per acre a year ago.

While drought conditions are widespread across the western half of Wisconsin and
spread eastward in late August and early September, forecasters said they expect
a Wisconsin corn crop to be off only four bushels an acre from a year ago, and a
soybean harvest that should yield 36 bushels an acre, down from 44 bushels
harvested last year.

The stronger-than-expected harvest forecasts in the Upper Midwest come after the
USDA's Farm Service Agency in Minnesota already has certified that there have
been crop losses of at least 30 percent in one or more fall-harvested crops in
49 of Minnesota's 87 counties.

Farmers have started combining dry cornfields in southern Wisconsin counties,
and they aren't finding the 131 bushels an acre that was the statewide average
forecast, said Dan Undersander, an extension agronomist at the University of
Wisconsin.

Peter Georgantones, a commodities trader and analyst with Investment Trading
Service in Bloomington, said the soybean crop has suffered more drought damage
than corn. He said the USDA forecasted yields are higher than private estimates
and what grain traders expect will be harvested this year.

Soybean futures traded at the Chicago Board of Trade soared in Thursday trading,
gaining more than 7 percent on most future months contracts as traders responded
to USDA's forecast of less soybean production. Prices for corn futures traded in
Chicago fell 4 cents to 9 cents per bushel as the government forecasted a larger
corn harvest than traders expected.

Lee Egerstrom can be reached at legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5437.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 1, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK STATE DECLARED FREE OF LEADING LIVESTOCK DISEASE

BYLINE: By HAROLD FABER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 64, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 572 words


For the first time since records have been kept, state officials say New York is
free of brucellosis, an infectious animal disease that is the leading health
problem in the livestock industry of the United States.

''We are down to zero infection,'' said Dr. Harold E. Nadler, director of the
division of animal industry of the State Department of Agriculture and Markets.

Dr. Nadler said that the last infected herd of cows had been destroyed last year
in St. Lawrence County and that no further cases had been been reported since
then. If the disease-free status continues until the end of the year, New York
will be certified on Jan. 1 as a brucellosis-free state by the United States
Department of Agriculture.

New York is the only state among the four top dairy states in the nation - the
others are Wisconsin, California and Minnesota - to achieve this status, said J.
Roger Barber, the Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets. ''Because of this,
New York dairy cows can be shipped anywhere in the nation and the world without
fear of quarantine,'' he said. ''It is a big advantage to our dairy industry.''

No Known Cure for Disease

Brucellosis, which is a bacterial infection with no known cure, is sometimes
called Bang's disease. It affects dairy and beef animals, causing the premature
birth of calves and a reduction in milk production. Exposure to the disease can
sometimes cause undulant fever in humans, but there are few cases of that
reported.

''Brucellosis is very definitely the No. 1 disease problem for the livestock
industry of the United States,'' said Sidney Moore, a spokesman for the United
States Department of Agriculture in Washington. ''Our objective is to be rid of
the disease by 1987.''

He said that the financial losses to farmers and cattle raisers from the disease
in 1979, the last year for which figures are available, were $44.5 million. He
also said that the costs of eradication and of preventing the spread of the
disease were about $30 million a year for the industry and $118 million a year
for the Federal and state governments.

As of Sept. 31, there were 7,622 beef and dairy herds - of a total of 1.6
million herds - in the United States infected with brucellosis. By far the
largest incidence of the disease was reported in Southern states with large beef
herds. Florida had the highest percentage of cases, with 1,029 of 21,000 herds,
or 4.9 percent, infected.

Jersey Also to Be Certified

Ten states reported no sign of the disease - Alaska, Connecticut, Delaware,
Hawaii, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North Dakota, South Carolina and
Vermont - in addition to New York.

In New Jersey, the last infected herd was destroyed on Sept. 28 in Salem County,
according to Dr. Robert Horton of the State Department of Agriculture in
Trenton, thus qualifying the state for listing at the end of the month. If the
zero infection rate continues for a year, New Jersey, too, will be certified as
brucellosis-free, he said.

In Connecticut, the last infected herd was destroyed in July 1980 in Kent. Since
then, according to Dr. George Sturges, the state veterinarian, in Hartford, the
state has been brucellosis-free and expects to be certified as such on Jan. 1,
along with New York.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

USDA, American Soybean Association launch handbook

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Jan. 28 -- United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and American
Soybean Association officially launched 'Aquaculture Handbook- Fish Farming and
Nutrition in Pakistan'. US and Pakistani scientists jointly wrote the handbook
as part of an ongoing USDA effort to expand farmed-fish yields and farmer
incomes through better fish feeding and management practices. US Consul General
Brian Heath, Sindh Minister for Livestock and Fisheries Jam Khan Shoro,
Fisheries Development Board CEO Faisal Iftikhar, USDA Project Manager Otto
Gonzalez, Aquaculture Handbook Editor Kevin Fitzsimmons and American Soybean
Association Country Director R S N Janjua attended the event.

Coastal and inland fish farming present an opportunity to make seafood available
to more consumers at more reasonable prices, while generating additional income
for Pakistan's farmers, said Heath. The US is helping Pakistani farmers make
better use of water resources, providing an impetus for supply chain
development, and generating demand for fish feed. More important, an increase in
the supply of farmed fish and expands the availability of protein for Pakistan's
young and growing population, he added. Since 2011, USDA's Aquaculture Project
has helped train hundreds of farmers through field demonstrations, seminars, and
one-on-one site visits. U.S. and Pakistani experts have also helped a local feed
manufacturer establish production of high-quality fish feed using
soybean-derived ingredients, providing farmers with a ready supply of feed. USDA
and US for International Development projects increase farmer incomes and
livelihoods by fighting animal and plant diseases, transferring technology,
developing marketing systems, and efficiently utilising water.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 8, 1978 Thursday

Sugar prices

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 106 words


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Bob Bergland has announced that government
 sugar price supports will be raised about 8.5 per cent for the 1978 crop
 of sugar beets and sugar cane under a formula required by law.

Mr. Bergland said the preliminary support rate for refined beet sugar
 will be 16.9 cents a pound, up from 15.57 cents in 1977. The support for
 raw cane sugar will be 14.65 cents a pound, up from 13.5 cents.

The supports are preliminary and can be adjusted later. By law, the
 U.S. Department of Agriculture must support sugar prices at no less than
 52.5 per cent of the July parity price for sugar, a formula reflecting
 production costs.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 13, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Crop Outlook Is Mixed

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 95 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 12


Supplies of corn and soybeans appear tight, while wheat supplies are swelling
with a big harvest, the Agriculture Department reported today in its monthly
crop report.

The Government said wheat farmers would produce 2.7 billion bushels, up about
one-third from last year, while it said corn farmers would produce 7.85 billion
bushels and soybean farmers would produce 1.86 billion.

Much of the wheat crop has already been harvested and the Government conducted
field surveys to assess the rest, so that estimate is expected to be close to
the actual crop size.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            March 23, 2013 Saturday

State launches farming TV show

SECTION: B; Pg.12

LENGTH: 125  words


ANNAPOLIS - There's a new farming show coming to Maryland Public Television this
fall.

"The Maryland Farmer" is a half-hour program produced by MPT and the Maryland
Department of the Agriculture.

The 13-episode series will showcase Maryland farmers with the goal of closing
the "understanding gap" between farmers and consumers, according to the
Department of Agriculture.

The TV show is sponsored by a number of pro-farming organizations and charities,
including groups that represent grain farmers, chicken farmers, dairy farmers
and grape growers. The Harford County government also is a sponsor.

The executive producer is Michael English, who also produces MPT's popular
"Outdoors Maryland" show and is a former editor of the Maryland Farmer
newspaper.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

TTIP agreement high on agenda at Congress

LENGTH: 507  words


Tomorrow (Thursday) will see farming organisations from across Europe and North
America gather in Templepatrick to assess the possible implications of the
pending Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) agreement.

These discussions will take place under the aegis of the 37th North American -
European Union Agricultural Policy Congress.

This is the first time that the event has been held in Northern Ireland: the
Ulster Farmers' Union is the hosting body.

Union Chief Executive Wesley Aston confirmed that the congress will allow
farming leaders from both sides of the Atlantic to highlight their hopes and
concerns for the envisaged TTIP arrangements.

"Europe is totally committed to opening up new trade agreements with all of the
world's major economies," he said.

"In my opinion TTIP will, almost certainly, become a reality at some stage in
the not too distant future. The EU has recently agreed a comprehensive trade
deal with Canada. So it makes strategic sense for Brussels to look at securing
similar arrangements with the United States."

Aston regards potential US beef imports into Europe as the biggest threat to
Northern Ireland under a TTIP agreement.

"Red meat is at the very heart of the agri economy here in Northern Ireland," he
said.

"And we export the vast bulk of the beef we produce to GB and the rest of
Europe. So it is crucially important that the final TTIP agreement does not harm
the prospects of livestock farmers in this part of the world."

But Aston also confirmed that a trade deal with the United States would present
Northern Ireland's agri food sector with significant exporting opportunities.

"And, obviously, we want to capitalise on these," he stressed.

"Only a very small proportion of the food that we produce is exported to the
United States at the present time and anything that can be done to improve this
situation is a good news story for farmers here in Northern Ireland."

The hosting of the Transatlantic congress coincides with the confirmation that
Canada has reopened its market for imports of European beef from 19 EU member
states.

The Canadian market has been closed to any EU beef, including deboned beef,
since 1996, when Canada introduced import restrictions on meat of ruminants on
the basis of BSE concerns.

The 19 Member States that have now been authorised to resume exports are the
same that had access to the Canadian market before the BSE ban came into force -
they are Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France,
Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.

Commenting on this recent development EU Commissioner for Agriculture Phil Hogan
said: "We welcome the decision by the Canadian government to re-open Canada's
market for imports of European beef from 19 EU Member States.

"It will provide a welcome boost to Europe's beef producers and exporters,
particularly as it comes at a time when farmers across the EU are going through
a particularly difficult period."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 29, 1989 Monday

Biodynamic agriculture catching on in the U.S.

BYLINE: MARTIN MITTELSTAEDT; GAM

LENGTH: 1612 words

DATELINE: KIMBERTON, Pa.


As health-conscious consumers become more concerned about what's in the
food they eat, organic farming is slowly moving in from the fringes of the
U.S. farm industry. The trend to what is called biodynamic farming could
reshape U.S. agriculture.
 BY  MARTIN MITTELSTAEDT
 Globe and Mail Correspondent
  KIMBERTON, Pa.

In the fields of sprouting vegetables around farmer Kerry Sullivan, an
agricultural revolution is underfoot.

The rich soil of this farm near Philadelphia hasn't had an application
of commercial fertilizers or pesticides in eight years. On a normal market
garden, that would be a recipe for disaster. Weeds would choke the few
sickly plants struggling to overcome insect infestations - or so
conventional wisdom predicts.

Yet this land is flourishing.

Mr. Sullivan, 33, is a pioneer in the movement toward low-input,
sustainable agriculture, what used to be called organic farming . Several
years ago, farming without modern chemicals was the preserve of hippies
and back-to-the-land eccentrics. But today, with consumer concern about
pesticides widespread, a far-reaching reappraisal is under way at the farm
gate.

Mr. Sullivan is a practitioner of biodynamic farming, perhaps the cream
of the alternative agriculture movement. His farming techniques involve
spreading plenty of compost on the land, along with diluted sprays of cow
manure. All chemical pesticides are taboo, and crop rotation is developed
into a fine art.

'I was basically one of those who said, 'Give me a break. I'm not  going to try
this,' ' Mr. Sullivan recollected of his first exposure to  biodynamic farming.
Now he's an avid supporter, saying, 'When I saw the  results, I began to wonder
what was behind it.'     Most U.S. farmers are still wedded to conventional
methods, using large  volumes of synthetic fertilizers and chemicals to control
insects, weeds  and fungi. Probably fewer than 1 per cent are now organic.

But there is a stirring of interest in sustainable agriculture that
didn't exist as recently as three years ago. For instance, the Natural
Organic Farmers Association of New York has 68 farms applying this year to
be certified organic. Last year it was only 36.

'The program has doubled every year. Next year we're looking at 150,'  said
David Stern, an official at the organization.

California Certified Organic Farmers has more than 450 members and the
acreage of its farmers has more than quadrupled since 1985 to 31,000
acres. Other U.S. sustainable agriculture groups report similar increases.

If the trend gains further momentum, it could completely reshape U.S.
farming, the most chemically intensive anywhere. At stake is a $7-billion
(U.S.) annual market for pesticides and an equally large synthetic
fertilizer market.

At the New York produce markets, something of a national trend setter,
many farmers are thinking of switching to organic methods for the first
time.

'This year I've talked to five growers who are looking at it more  seriously.
Some I would have never guessed,' said Tony Mannetta,  assistant director of
Greenmarket, a group that organizes produce markets  at 18 New York locations.

In the past, he said, some farmers had a 'machismo attitude about
chemicals.' But no longer. Among New York's health-conscious food buyers,
an organic label often means higher prices and good demand.

'In the last couple of years, (farmers) have seen the handwriting on  the wall
in terms of what customers want and are willing to take a stab at  it,' Mr.
Mannetta said.

One such farmer is Frank Stiles, who operates a 200-acre fruit and
vegetable operation in southern New Jersey. Most of his produce is
destined for fresh New York markets and he's in the second year of weaning
his farm from chemicals.

'You start to wonder if there is a better way, an easier way' of  farming, he
said of his decision. 'Why do you want to handle this stuff  (pesticides) if you
don't have to?'     Mr. Stiles, 47, farmed conventionally for almost 20 years,
and the  change to new techniques presents difficulties. For instance, it's much
more labor-intensive. He has bought 800 tons of chicken manure and 500  tons of
leaf mulch for fertilizer, an enormous bulk that requires plenty  of work to
apply to the fields.

With soluble fertilizers, 'one person could spread an acre in 10
minutes,' and he worries that if more people catch the sustainable
agriculture bug, the price of chicken manure 'will go out of sight.'
Insects are also a problem. Last year, he spent $4,000 paying laborers to
hand pluck pesky Colorado potato beetles from plants.

With higher labor costs eating into the premium prices organic produce
commands, most farmers adopting sustainable agriculture are not doing so
with hopes of making big money.

Mr. Stern of the Natural Organic Farmers Association said a far-
reaching philosophical change generally accompanies a conversion to
organic farming. These farmers typically adopt attitudes of agricultural
stewardship, viewing the soil, with its countless micro-organisms and
earthworms, as a living system that must be nurtured to produce good-
tasting, healthy crops.

Reverence for nature is in, opposition to it is out.

Organic farmers definitely talk glowingly about dirt. Walter Pedersen
began a winery in 1976 at Himrod, N.Y., converting land that had been
farmed chemically for decades. 'You have to put in a lot of energy
initially, bringing the soil back to life,' he said.

As well, many farmers are beginning to have the same health fears about
exposure to chemicals so common recently among food buyers. 'A lot of
young farmers have buried their moms and dads and have a great deal of
suspicion about chemical use,' said Mr. Stern, who grows vegetables and
blueberries organically at his farm near Rose, N.Y.

The comment was echoed by viticulturist Mr. Pedersen. 'We would never
think of using anything that said on the back to keep it away from
children and wear a rubber suit.'
   In the end, though, economics will probably decide whether sustainable
agriculture remains a backwater or moves further into the mainstream.
Although organic farms have lower pesticide and fertilizer bills, much of
this gain is eaten up by added labor intensity, practitioners say.

At New York greenmarkets, organic produce typically commands a premium
of 25 to 30 per cent, but not everyone is biting the higher prices.

New Jersey farmer Mr. Stiles has found that in some city markets, such
as in front of the World Trade Center near Wall Street, interest among the
investment banking crowd for pricey organic food is low. But a few streets
away, near trendy Greenwich Village, 'They're gung-ho.'
   Concluded Mr. Stiles of his switchover: 'I don't think in the long run
we'll make any more money' compared to traditional methods.

Still, many farmers find organic status confers a competitive edge. Mr.
Pedersen said his winery's potential customers typically imbibe imported
French wines. 'New York City is almost a province of France, rather than
part of the United States,' he said. With this formidable competition,
the organic label allows him to charge premium prices and gain a marketing
advantage over other domestics.

In Kimberton, biodynamic farmer Mr. Sullivan is part of an experiment
in community-supported agriculture that entirely eliminates the vagaries
of selling fresh produce at market. A group of 100 families, each pledging
to pay $320 up front, share equally in the output from his 10-acre garden
plot. Last year, each family received fresh, pesticide-free vegetables
from May to December that would have cost more than $500 at the local
supermarket. Currently, 25 families are on a waiting list to join.

There are about a dozen such food-growing experiments under way in the
United States.

'It's great. There is no marketing to do except for right early in  that you're
trying to get the full membership,' Mr. Sullivan said  recently while harvesting
collard that had survived the mild winter and  was luxuriating in the gentle
spring sunshine.

At next door Seven Stars Farm, also a biodynamic operation, milk from a
herd of 55 purebred Guernsey and Jersey cows is turned into yogurt and
sold at an organic food store on the premises, which doubled its business
last year. The balance is sold at health food stores along the U.S. East
Coast.

Yogurt is simple to make, and allows a farmer to capture some of the
profits built into the modern food processing system, an important point
for economic survival. 'Yogurt is one of those things that we are able to
get making inexpensively,' said 34-year-old farm manager David Griffiths.

Biodynamic techniques, imbued with an almost spiritual hue, are based
on the idea of farms as self-sufficient systems that build and maintain
soil fertility through farm-produced composts. Animals, plants and the
soil are seen in a larger context, and not simply as agribusiness tools.
(In Canada, there are about 30 biodynamic farms, with a cluster in
Quebec's Eastern Townships and another in Southwestern Ontario near Lake
Huron.)
   On its face, sustainable agriculture can be expected to make inroads.
'Ninety-five per cent of it is just good farming practices,' explained
Rod Shouldice, a spokesman for the Biodynamic Farming and Gardening
Association Inc. in Kimberton. Crop rotation, composting and careful
attention to soil fertility have always marked good farming.

Mr. Shouldice spoke confidently of the number of sustainable
practitioners soon reaching a 'critical mass' that will sweep like
wildfire through U.S. fields and orchards, finishing the two-generation
experiment with chemical fertilizers and pesticides.

'The end of chemical agriculture,' Mr. Shouldice predicted, 'is just  around the
corner.'                NEXT: Booming business for natural pesticides.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

Berkeley urban farming nonprofit poised to grow

BYLINE: By Damin Esper Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


BERKELEY -- Urban Adamah, a nonprofit educational organization promoting urban
farming, has purchased 2.2 acres of land in Berkeley from the United States
Postal Service. The land, on Sixth Street at Harrison, will give the group a
permanent home.

The organization, founded in January 2011, currently farms on one acre of leased
land at San Pablo Avenue and Parker Street.

"Because we're going to have more space on the land, we hope we can grow a wider
variety of vegetables," program associate Zach Friedman said.

The lease for the current farmland runs through the end of the year, so Urban
Adamah probably won't begin farming the new land until then. The new land is
vacant, although Friedman said it was once set aside for housing during World
War II and some foundations are still present.

The land was used to store rail cars as well.

According to Friedman, the post office purchased the land from UC Berkeley in
the 1990s.

The north side boundary is Codornices Creek.

Urban Adamah is beginning its fourth year of operations. Adamah means earth in
Hebrew. Urban Adamah integrates Jewish traditions with sustainable agriculture,
mindfulness and social action. The group's website says its work is inspired by
the core values of ahava (love), hesed (compassion) and tzedek (justice). The
original idea for a farm-based residential leadership program was created in
Falls Village, Conn.

Three-month fellowships are open to young adults ages 21 to 31. The fellows live
in a house together and work the farm. They also receive training in
anti-oppression and social justice. The program typically hosts 12 to 14 fellows
at a time, although with the larger property, that could increase.

The farm also hosts agricultural classes that are open to the community. School
groups visit the farm, and summer camps are open to children entering preschool
up through fifth grade.

During the school year, the farm even hosts Hebrew school.

"We partner with local temples and synagogues," Friedman said. "They send their
Hebrew school students to our farm once a week in the fall and summer. We run
Hebrew school for the kids focused on the natural world."

Urban Adamah also hosts various religious services, including Shabbat services
and a Hanukkah celebration, as well as Havdalah dance parties.

Vegetables grown on the farm are distributed for free at a weekly farm stand on
the property at 11 a.m. each Wednesday. Produce includes kale, collards,
mustards, arugula, chard, tomatoes, cucumbers, squashes, corn, radishes and
turnips. With more land, that could grow to include broccoli and cabbage,
according to Friedman.

Urban Adamah also has fruit trees on its land, as well as a flock of chickens,
some bees and three goats.

Urban farming has become popular in recent years as activists have begun
advocating what they claim is a healthier, more sustainable and local source for
food, rather than from giant agriculture businesses.

Not far from Urban Adamah's future home, activists have been fighting to stop a
planned development on University of California-owned land along San Pablo in
Albany, calling for it to be used for an urban farm. Appeals challenging the
mixed-use development were rejected by the Albany City Council last week.

In Berkeley, the Edible Schoolyard project teaches children about growing food
through hands-on work on an urban farm.

"There's definite similarities with what we do," Friedman said. "We're
passionate about growing food in an urban environment. We'd be thrilled about
more urban farms sprouting up around the Bay Area. We're focused on growing the
community around our farm.

"For thousands of years, there's a strong connection between agriculture and
food and people. We've lost that, especially recently. It's important to me
because I derive a lot of satisfaction from growing my own food, having food
that's fresh and growing closer to the land."

---

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 28, 2012

A farm bill for the future;
Guest Comment

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 335  words


House and Senate Agriculture Committees are already holding hearings on writing
a new farm bill. However, past farm bills demonstrate that we must demand more
of Congress; we must demand a farm bill that invests in the future of rural
communities and the next generation of family farmers and ranchers.

On March 19, the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition and Center for Rural
Affairs released a 2012 Farm Bill policy platform entitled Farming for the
Future, A Sustainable Agriculture Agenda for the 2012 Food and Farm Bill.

It includes proposals to strengthen family farming and ranching, and assist
beginning farmers and ranchers. These policies, if advanced, will help smaller
producers tap into high-value, niche markets; provide access to land and capital
for the next generation of farmers and ranchers; level the playing field by
capping subsidies to mega-farms and invest in real family farmers and ranchers.

The entire platform spans nearly every section of the farm bill and constitutes
a comprehensive approach to reforming federal farm and food policies that will
create jobs and economic growth, drive innovation for farm and food
entrepreneurs, enhance conservation, protect our natural resources and invest in
the future of rural America.

We cannot continue to follow the failed farm policies of the past. Rural America
wants, needs and deserves a better farm bill, one that creates a future for
America's rural places and the people that live there. Farming for the Future
contains a best first step at making reform a reality.

The Center for Rural Affairs was established in 1973 as an unaffiliated
nonprofit corporation under IRS code 501(c)3. The Center for Rural Affairs was
formed by rural Ne-braskans concerned about family farms and rural communities,
and we work to strengthen small businesses, family farms and ranches, and rural
communities.

Crabgrass can grow on bowling balls in airless rooms, and there is no known way
to kill it that does not involve nuclear weapons. Dave Barry

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Aberdeen Times


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 1, 1985, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Soviet wheat purchases fall short of U.S. pact

BYLINE: REUTER

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. F5

LENGTH: 327 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


   WASHINGTON (Reuter) - For the first time in 10 years, the Soviet Union has
failed to meet its annual minimum wheat purchase requirement under the
U.S.-Soviet grain pact, American agriculture department officials say.

The officials said yesterday the Soviet Union remained 1.1 million tonnes short
of its commitment under the five-year accord signed in 1983 to buy and take
delivery of 4 million tonnes of U.S. wheat in each year ending Sept. 30.

"This is the first time that anything this clear has happened," one U.S.
official said. "They had a reputation as being one of our most reliable buyers."

Bountiful harvests

In a year of bountiful wheat harvests worldwide, the U.S. officials said Soviet
representatives had told them they felt under no obligation to honor the pact
because American wheat prices are higher than those of many other suppliers.

Agriculture department officials acknowledged that Moscow has been able to buy
cheaper wheat from such suppliers as Canada, Argentina, the European Economic
Community and Australia.

"The Soviets are interpreting the (grain) agreement slightly differently than we
are," a U.S. official said.

Under the 1983 agreement, grain will be purchased "at the market price
prevailing for these products at the time of purchase."

U.S. officials said that means prevailing U.S. prices, while Soviet officials
have said it means world prices.

Western experts in the Soviet Union, saying good weather in key areas had
improved the quality of Soviet crops, predicted a better grain harvest and less
need for imports this year.

They said Soviet grain import needs this year would be 37 million tonnes, down
from 55 million in 1984-85.

Fewer suppliers

The Soviet Union has purchased almost four times its corn commitment this year.
There are fewer worldwide suppliers of corn than of wheat.

The United States and the Soviet Union have traded grain under formal agreements
since 1975.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1985 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Sidney Herald (Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 3, 2014

Richey student writes article regarding areas changes

BYLINE: Sidney Herald staff

LENGTH: 536  words


URBAN SPRAWL

Two acres of farmland are lost every minute (Becker). By the time you finish
reading this, eight acres are potentially no longer usable.

Why is farmland being lost? Some of it is due to natural disasters. However,
most of it is lost because of urban sprawl, or the expansion of cities and towns
to accommodate more people. One local example of this is in and around Sidney,
Montana.

Sidney has increased in size, especially within the past five years. This change
can be positive or negative depending on who you are, what you visualize as
being "good" or "bad", or what your occupation is.

Some of the aspects about Sidney expanding are positive. For example, there are
more places to shop and buy groceries; there are also a few more places to eat.
However, these luxuries come with a price for some people. The problem is this:
To where can the town expand? The only logical answer to this question is to on
the farmland that is surrounding the town.

Understandably, it's great real estate to develop because it's flat and already
accessible by roads. On the other hand, town expansion takes land away from a
group of very important people: the farmers.

Farming is a major source of income for many people in Sidney and the
surrounding area. In fact, farming is a major occupation in the state of Montana
itself, with over 29,300 farms and ranches in the state. This being said, it's
ironic how as the population of towns like Sidney increases, the more there is a
demand for food production and agriculture, yet urban expansion takes away from
food production and agriculture. This leaves farmers faced with problems such as
owning enough land to generate revenue to provide for their families and to
provide food for the world.

Luckily, farmers and other people involved with agriculture are improving
farming practices to get better yields from crops and to use less acreage while
doing so. For instance, many farmers use Global Positioning Systems (GPS) to
maximize their efficiency by reducing overlap on fields. Having very little
overlap on fields saves fuel, seed, chemicals, and fertilizer, allowing the
farmer to lower expenses.

Another example of improved farming practices is no-till farming. This also
saves farmers money because it reduces the amount of times they need to travel
over fields. With these practices, farmers can improve their yields on crops,
but urban expansion still poses a threat to farmers by reducing the amount of
acres they can use.

Sidney, along with other towns and cities in Montana and the United States, are
undeniably expanding to accommodate more people. For example, Bozeman, located
in the fastest growing county in Montana, Gallatin County, has increased by
about 25,000 people in 12 years. With this many people coming in, several miles
of road have to be paved through farmland, and hundreds of houses and buildings
need to be built on top of the land that used to earn farmers a living. In the
end, the farmers that produce our food have to sacrifice their land, the land
that they have been farming for generations.

If cities continue to expand, which they will, farmers will someday be left with
only a handful of acres of farmland to feed several billion people.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SID

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Sidney Herald


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 7, 1994, Thursday

THE FLOOD OF '94: SPECIAL REPORT IN BRIEF Acres of corn, peanuts, other crops
underwater

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 6

LENGTH: 614 words


What started out as Georgia's best agricultural summer in years may end up one
of its worst.

"There are thousands of acres of cropland underwater," said state Agriculture
Commissioner Tommy Irvin. "Everyone has been affected in some way."

In Randolph County, as many as 20,000 acres of peanuts were underwater Wednesday
morning, the state said. In Terrell, 15,000 acres of peanuts were underwater,
and 21,000 acres were underwater in Sumter County. Also in Sumter, 19,000 acres
of cotton and 10,000 acres of corn were reported flooded. And catfish farmers in
Middle Georgia have watched their stock washed out of ponds by the storm.

Because of flooded roads, farmers are having difficulty trucking their goods to
market, said Agriculture Department spokeswoman Lisa Ray. Several dairy farmers
have begun dumping milk they have no room to store, and the state's fruit and
vegetable farmers are concerned that produce now on trees and in packing houses
will soon perish.

Trucks carrying produce to Harry's Farmers Market stores in Atlanta were
stranded on I-75 near the Florida border, the company said.

-BIG BITES FOR GAME FISH: Fisheries biologists in the Georgia Wildlife Resources
Division said many game fish and panfish in central and southern regions of the
state will benefit from the flooding conditions because of the great abundance
of nutrients, worms, terrestrial insects and other food.

"Those fish will feed in the flooded woods," said state fisheries biologist Les
Ager of Fort Valley. "It's like being thrown into the midst of a moving grocery
line."

But when the floodwaters begin receding, numerous fish will be trapped in
low-lying areas and big potholes, and some will die, said Ager, regional
fisheries supervisor of the state Wildlife Resources Division.

-POSTAL SERVICE CURTAILED: The U.S. Postal Service, supposedly undeterred by
rain, sleet, snow, or dark of night, has been waylaid by the weather in Middle
Georgia. Floodwaters that have cut off Macon and left some streets as much as 30
feet underwater have curtailed mail processing operations in that city and
limited deliveries in several city ZIP codes. As a result, mail normally
processed in Macon will be processed and held in Atlanta until the roads are
open. Mail destined for Valdosta will be processed in Jacksonville. Currently,
there are more than 60 post offices in South Georgia that have not received
processed mail from Macon as they normally would.

-RAILROAD TRACKS WASHED OUT: Flooding in Georgia, Alabama and the Florida
Panhandle ruptured three major railroad lines stretching from Panama City to
Macon that are owned by the Richmond-based CSX Corp. Railroad workers were
struggling to repair 30 washouts on a major north- south line from Peachtree
City to Manchester in Meriwether County that will close the heavily traveled
track for at least a week, CSX spokesman Jay Westbrook said today.

"It's a very serious situation for us," Westbrook said. Rail operations were
suspended along all three rail lines, affecting the schedule of the Amtrak
Sunset Limited from Los Angeles to Miami.

So far, no bridges have been washed away on the railroad's main line through
Georgia. But Westbrook said 12 bridges along a 20-mile stretch through the
Florida Panhandle are threatened by floodwaters.

In Dothan, Ala., a railroad crew abandoned a locomotive during a flash flood
just minutes before the water lifted it from the track and washed it down an
embankment, Westbrook said.

CSX trains are being rerouted along the East Coast to bypass the floods.

Staff writers Susan Harte, David Kinney, Robin McDonald, Charles Salter and
Susannah Vesey contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941890118

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2012

Sussex farmers promote local, affordable food;
Online contest offers people free groceries for a year

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 858  words


At Green Acres Farm, a Land O'Lakes operation on Route 9 outside Lewes, the
Hopkins family has been raising dairy cows for four generations and more than
100 years.

Their cows produce 12 million pounds of milk per year. Some of the milk is
processed and used at the Hopkins Farm Creamery, opened in 2008, where residents
and visitors enjoy farm-made ice cream.

Burli Hopkins, head herdsman, said he was asked to participate in Farmers Feed
US, an online agriculture promotion that will select four Mid-Atlantic residents
to win free groceries for a year.

The Mid-Atlantic Dairy Association partnered with Farmers Feed Us and filmed
three farmers in Sussex County. Besides Burli Hopkins of Green Acres Farm, Jay
Baxter of Baxter Farms in Georgetown and Jesse Vanderwende of Walnut Tree Farms
in Bridgeville are also featured. All three Delaware farmers selected for the
promotion are from Sussex County.

"Our consumers are at least two generations removed from agriculture, so it's
important for them to know that the food they eat isn't just from the grocery
store," said Hopkins. "Putting a face with the farm also helps in the local
community because people Want to know their farmers."

An American tradition

Jay Baxter has been raising soybeans on his family's land in Georgetown since
graduating from the University of Delaware in 2002.

Baxter grows soybeans mostly for feeding animals, but he also grows edamame,
popular in many Japanese and Chinese restaurants.

As a member of the Delaware Soybean Board, Baxter said he heard about similar
promotions that were successful in the Mid-west, so he was happy to be featured
in the Mid-Atlantic Farmers Feed US contest.

"While a professional marketing firm put the contest together, it really uses
farmers on a personal level to describe to consumers what farmers really do,"
Baxter said. "We aren't a machine; we are a family."

Baxter said many children believe peanut butter comes from a grocery store, and
chicken comes from McDonald's; he hopes Farmers Feed US helps bridge the gap
between farms and consumers.

"Children need to know that chickens are raised on a farm and that the farm
contributes to the economy," Baxter said. "As farmers, we all are living in the
same environment as the consumers, so we act as stewards of the land and the
environment. This is a great project to help promote that."

Baxter encourages residents to stop by his farm in Georgetown and talk to the
farmers. He said, "We'll answer any questions and love to talk about farming."

Jesse Vanderwende comes from a long line of Vanderwen-des in Bridgeville, where
the family has been raising chickens for generations. He said getting farming
knowledge to the public is why he got involved with Farmers Feed US.

"The bad economy gives people even more incentive to learn about food. People
are thinking more about what they are spending their money on, so I hope they
learn about their local farmers through this program," said Vanderwende. "The
United States has the safest food in the world, so this is a good opportunity
for us to showcase our agriculture."

In online video clips, each farmer talks about farming and why he does it,
adding trivia about the agriculture industry. Besides the three Delaware
farmers, the website features farmers from around the Mid-Atlantic region.

Hopkins said consumers often are concerned about how farm animals are treated
and how waste is managed. He said large news organizations focus on one or two
big farms that cause pollution, but he said Delaware farmers are very conscious
about nutrient management.

"People want to know that the animals are treated well. Here you don't stay in
business if you treat them badly," Hopkins said. "I live in this community as
well. My kids live here and drink this water, so I don't want to corrupt nature
at all. We try to stay ahead of the curve with nutrient management."

Promoting farming nationwide

Laura England of the Mid-Atlantic Dairy Association said, "Programs like Farmers
Feed US provide an opportunity for farmers to connect with consumers, to show
how they produce and grow food on the farm. The videos on the FarmersFeed-US.org
website allow consumers to see this process in action and to learn from the
farmers themselves."

England said the importance of agriculture may be well known in Delaware where
the industry brings in $8 billion annually to the state economy, according to
the University of Delaware, but nationwide, only 2 percent of the population is
involved in agriculture.

"That leaves a big gap between those who produce the food and those who consume
it," England said. Many agriculture organizations, including Mid-Atlantic Dairy
Association, are working to promote agriculture and raise awareness of the
benefits of healthy, nutritious and locally grown food, England said.

"Last year, our organization launched a consumer education campaign called 'Your
Milk Comes from a Good Place.' The goal of the campaign is to con: nect
consumers with dairy farmers and to provide a better understanding of how milk
and dairy foods are produced."

For more information or to enter the Farmers Feed US contest, visit
www.farmersfeedus.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

MARYLAND: Many farm groups back TPA

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of Minority Affairs, The state of Maryland has issued the following
news release:

Many agricultural groups have come out in support of trade promotion authority.

"The U.S. pork industry, U.S. agriculture, indeed the entire U.S. economy needs
TPA, and we need it soon," said Harry Hill, a pork producer and veterinarian
from Cambridge, Iowa, in testimony before the House Agriculture Committee.

Hill said the pork industry exports more pork to the 18 countries with which the
United States has free trade agreements than to the rest of the nations
combined.

Since 1989, the year the United States began using bilateral and regional trade
agreements to open foreign markets, pork exports have increased 1,550 percent in
value and 1,268 percent in volume, Hill said. The United States shipped more
than $6.6 billion of pork to foreign destinations in 2014.

With TPA, once trade negotiators finalize a deal, Congress is able to vote yes
or no on the deal, but they are not allowed to make amendments. Congress has
granted TPA to every president since 1974, with the most recent law approved in
August 2002 and expiring in June 2007.

The key reason TPA is needed, Hill said, is for concluding the Trans-Pacific
Partnership negotiations between the United States and 11 Pacific Rim countries.

Failure to pass TPA, he said, would signal that the United States is turning its
back on the Asia-Pacific region and allow other countries to write the rules for
international trade.

The National Cattlemen's Beef Association issued a statement saying, "As we have
repeatedly stated, trade is critical to the success and future profitability of
our industry and TPA is critical to negotiating future free trade agreements.
Cattlemen urge swift passage of the legislation by the full House and Senate."

The National Milk Producers Federation and the U.S. Dairy Export Council said,
"because world trade has become a major driver of the U.S. dairy farmer income,
we need well-designed free trade agreements to keep expanding our exports."

"American family farmers depend on trade," said Chip Bowling, Maryland farmer
and president of the National Corn Growers Association. "Congress, we are now
depending on you to pass trade promotion authority. Let's remove trade barriers,
expand our access to global markets and ensure farmers get the best possible
trade agreements."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

MARYLAND: Many farm groups back TPA

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of Minority Affairs, The state of Maryland has issued the following
news release:

Many agricultural groups have come out in support of trade promotion authority.

"The U.S. pork industry, U.S. agriculture, indeed the entire U.S. economy needs
TPA, and we need it soon," said Harry Hill, a pork producer and veterinarian
from Cambridge, Iowa, in testimony before the House Agriculture Committee.

Hill said the pork industry exports more pork to the 18 countries with which the
United States has free trade agreements than to the rest of the nations
combined.

Since 1989, the year the United States began using bilateral and regional trade
agreements to open foreign markets, pork exports have increased 1,550 percent in
value and 1,268 percent in volume, Hill said. The United States shipped more
than $6.6 billion of pork to foreign destinations in 2014.

With TPA, once trade negotiators finalize a deal, Congress is able to vote yes
or no on the deal, but they are not allowed to make amendments. Congress has
granted TPA to every president since 1974, with the most recent law approved in
August 2002 and expiring in June 2007.

The key reason TPA is needed, Hill said, is for concluding the Trans-Pacific
Partnership negotiations between the United States and 11 Pacific Rim countries.

Failure to pass TPA, he said, would signal that the United States is turning its
back on the Asia-Pacific region and allow other countries to write the rules for
international trade.

The National Cattlemen's Beef Association issued a statement saying, "As we have
repeatedly stated, trade is critical to the success and future profitability of
our industry and TPA is critical to negotiating future free trade agreements.
Cattlemen urge swift passage of the legislation by the full House and Senate."

The National Milk Producers Federation and the U.S. Dairy Export Council said,
"because world trade has become a major driver of the U.S. dairy farmer income,
we need well-designed free trade agreements to keep expanding our exports."

"American family farmers depend on trade," said Chip Bowling, Maryland farmer
and president of the National Corn Growers Association. "Congress, we are now
depending on you to pass trade promotion authority. Let's remove trade barriers,
expand our access to global markets and ensure farmers get the best possible
trade agreements."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Solomons Agriculture Official Calls For Support Of Family Farming

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Permanent Secretary for Agriculture and Livestock has called for greater
national attention to family farming, saying failing to address this results in
a dependency syndrome.

Jimmy Saelea made the statement this morning at the officially launch of the
first ever Agriculture week in Honiara.

The Agriculture Week has brought together stakeholders in the sector, including
local farmers, to showcase their produce and products at the Art Gallery area.

In his address, Mr Saelea said family farming and rural development cannot be
separated as both are predominant forms of agriculture in food production.

"Family Farming and Rural Development cannot be separated since it is the
predominant form of agriculture in the food production sector. When one talks
about rural development, family farming has to be a large component of such
issues and such policies."

The Permanent Secretary adds, the dependency syndrome is corrupting communities
and this can be discouraged if families receive assistance to establish small
holding activities.

"In failing to address family farming in rural areas, the result is the
dependency syndrome that has been corrupting our communities. The system
therefore, must be discouraged, by providing assistance to families to establish
small holder activities, lest we forget the farming family consists of a father,
mother and children. The father must recognise the important contribution the
mother and children provide to family farming activities. Agriculture is
everyone's business."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S.D.A. to Start Program to Support Local and Organic Farming

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE STROM

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 554 words


The United States Department of Agriculture plans to announce Monday that it
will spend $52 million to support local and regional food systems like farmers'
markets and food hubs and to spur research on organic farming.

The local food movement has been one of the fastest growing segments of the
business, as consumers seek to know more about where, how and by whom their food
is grown.

But local farmers still struggle to market their food. Distribution systems are
intended to accommodate the needs of large-scale commercial farms and growers.
Grocery stores and restaurants largely rely on big distribution centers and are
only beginning to figure out how to incorporate small batches of produce into
their overall merchandise mixes.

Farmers' markets are proliferating around the country, increasing 76 percent to
8,268 since 2008, according to the Agriculture Department, but they have trouble
marketing themselves. And few consumers are aware of a website the department
created to help them find a farmers market in their area.

''These types of local food systems are the cornerstones of our plans to
revitalize the rural economy,'' Tom Vilsack, the agriculture secretary, said in
a telephone interview. ''If you can connect local produce with markets that are
local, money gets rolled around in the local community more directly compared to
commercial agriculture where products get shipped in large quantities somewhere
else, helping the economy there.''

The $52 million will be the first outlay to local and organic enterprises of the
farm bill signed into law by President Obama in February, which tripled the
amount of money aimed at that sector to $291 million. The organic business,
which has long complained that the Agriculture Department does not support it
financially, will get $125 million over the next five years for research and $50
million for conservation programs.

''It's a really nice bump for us because we've been getting chump change for
research,'' said Mark Kastel, co-founder of the Cornucopia Institute, an organic
research and advocacy group.

Still, Mr. Kastel said that given the growth in the organic business, with about
$35 billion in sales in the United States last year, he wished there was more
money to study organic practices.

The department will also be putting $30 million a year into marketing programs
for farmers markets and promotion of locally grown foods, and has an additional
$70 million available as a block grant to support more research on so-called
specialty crops, or fruits and vegetables.

''These are significant increases over what it was before I became secretary and
certainly over the 2008 bill,'' Mr. Vilsack said, referring to the previous
omnibus farm bill.

He said local food systems were good investments for government. ''Small and
medium-sized operations end up helping to generate more employment than
commercial operations because of their different distribution systems and their
local natures,'' Mr. Vilsack said. ''And food hubs hire about 20 people on
average.''

Mr. Vilsack said there were about 300 food hubs around the country, and he is
eager to see more. These enterprises, like Appalachian Sustainable Development
in Virginia and La Montañita in New Mexico, help small farmers market and
distribute their products and offer a variety of other services.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/29/business/usda-to-start-program-to-support-loca
l-and-organic-farming.html

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Grand Army Plaza farmers' market in Brooklyn. The organic
food business in the United States reached $35 billion last year. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
ANDREA MOHIN/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       June 13, 2003 Friday EARLY Edition

Vanclief stays mum on aid for beef farmers: Cash, not loan guarantees, needed to
keep ranchers afloat, Alberta says

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Joe Paraskevas

SECTION: News; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 630 words

Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief and his provincial and territorial
counterparts will try to agree today on how to bring financial relief to the
country's stricken beef industry, despite differences over how the federal
government should deliver the help.

More than three weeks after the discovery of one case of mad cow disease
provoked the United States to ban Canadian beef imports, the domestic industry
remains at a virtual standstill. Pressure is mounting on the federal government
to help businesses and restart trade.

"We need to have a good discussion on how collectively we maintain the liquidity
of the industry to get us through this situation until we get the borders open,"
Mr. Vanclief said, refusing to promise that an announcement about financial aid
will follow the Vancouver meeting.

But even as some financial help started to arrive and as Canadian officials sent
a letter yesterday urging Washington to partially lift its ban on Canadian beef,
conflicting views about where most of the emergency aid should come from
persisted.

According to leaked reports, the federal cabinet has approved loan guarantees of
up to $10 million for businesses hit by the mad cow scare, but several provinces
will first have to sign on to a risk-management program.

The news of such a plan met with immediate skepticism.

"Farm groups across this country have all said that the safety net program is
not acceptable," said Canadian Alliance agriculture critic Howard Hilstrom.

"The beef industry is being used to force the provinces to sign on to an
agreement that the grain farmers and farmers of other commodities don't want."

The government's risk-management program costs farmers up to $26,000 to join and
doesn't provide enough coverage, Mr. Hilstrom added.

A spokeswoman for Alberta Agriculture Minister Shirley McLellan said farmers and
other workers in Canada's largest beef producing province expect more from Mr.
Vanclief than loan guarantees.

"Loan guarantees are not the answer for this," the spokeswoman said. "What they
need is a cash infusion."

Mr. Vanclief replied by saying the new federal-provincial disaster program
encompasses more than loan guarantees and he insisted he needs the signed
support of provinces representing at least 50 per cent of people who would have
a stake in the risk-management program.

"You have to have the program in place before it can be used and the program is
there to be used if they ask to participate in it," Mr. Vanclief said.

Only Alberta, Newfoundland and Labrador have signed the agreement until now,
though British Columbia is expected to join them at the agriculture ministers
meeting today.

Meanwhile, federal scientists sent a letter to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture on as a formal request to re-open the Canada-U.S. border gradually,
beginning with beef products considered to be of relatively low risk of having
mad cow disease.

"We've agreed that while the border was shut in one step, that the border will
open in stages," said Paul Haddow, executive director of international affairs
for the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.

Low-risk products include veal, muscle meat from cows under 24-months-old, a
"significant portion" of Canada's $3.5-billion beef exports to the U.S., Mr.
Vanclief said.

The American ban on Canadian beef has reportedly cost the industry in this
country $11 million per day.

On a related note, Japanese officials will visit Canada next week to review the
mad cow investigation.

More than $25 million worth of beef products were en route to Pacific Rim
markets when the mad cow scare broke, and those countries immediately closed
their borders to Canadian cattle imports.

Thirty-two other countries have also banned Canadian beef imports.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                              Titan Machinery Inc.

                                644 E Beaton Dr
                           WEST FARGO,  ND 58078-2648
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-701-3560130
FAX: 1-701-3560139
URL: Home Page: http://www.titanmachinery.com
E-MAIL: investors@titanmachinery.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: TITN
CUSIP: 88830R101
IRS No.: 450357838
CIK: 0001409171
ISIN: US88830R1014
SEDOL: B29H3T5
Reuters Instrument Code: TITN.O
Display RIC: TITN.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 11, 2007
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 2,352

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. David Meyer Chairman of the Board,                 1980         62    M
                Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Mark        Chief Financial Officer   2011                      43    M
Kalvoda         (2011)
Mr. James Irwin Lead Independent Director              2005         72    M
                (2005)
Mr. Anton       Director (2003)                        2003         61    M
Christianson
Dr. Theodore    Director (2014)                        2014         64    M
Crosbie Ph.D.
Ms. Jody Horner Director (2015)                        2015               F
Mr. John Bode   Independent Director                   2005         67    M
                (2005)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Titan Machinery Inc., incorporated on December 11, 2007, owns and operates a
network of agricultural and construction equipment stores in the United States
and Europe. The Company has three primary business segments: Agriculture,
Construction and International. Within its operating segments, it engages in
four principal business activities: new and used equipment sales; parts sales;
repair and maintenance services, and equipment rental and other activities. The
agricultural equipment it sells and services includes machinery and attachments
for uses ranging from large-scale farming to home and garden purposes. The
construction equipment it sells and services includes heavy construction and
light industrial machinery for commercial and residential construction, road and
highway construction, and mining operations. It sells new agricultural and
construction equipment manufactured under the CNH Industrial family of brands,
as well as equipment from a range of other manufacturers. It sells parts and
provides in-store and on-site repair and maintenance services. It also rents
equipment and provides ancillary services, such as equipment transportation,
global positioning system (GPS) signal subscriptions, and finance and insurance
products.

Agriculture

   The Company's Agriculture segment sells, services and rents machinery, as
well as related parts and attachments for uses ranging from farming to home and
garden use in North America. This segment also includes ancillary sales and
services related to agricultural activities and products, such as equipment
transportation, GPS signal subscriptions, and finance and insurance products.
Its Agriculture customers vary from small, single machine owners to farming
operations, primarily in the states of Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota
and South Dakota

   Construction

   The Company's Construction segment sells, services, and rents machinery, and
related parts and attachments, for uses ranging from heavy construction to light
industrial machinery use to customers in North America. This segment also
includes ancillary sales and services related to construction activities, such
as equipment transportation, GPS signal subscriptions, and finance and insurance
products. Its Construction customers include a range of construction
contractors, public utilities, mining and energy companies, municipalities and
maintenance contractors, primarily in the states of Arizona, Colorado, Iowa,
Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin
and Wyoming.

   International

   The Company's International segment sells, services, and rents machinery, and
related parts and attachments, for uses ranging from large-scale farming and
construction to home and garden use to customers in Eastern Europe. It also
includes export sales of equipment and parts to customers outside of the United
States. Its International customers vary from small, single machine owners to
farming operations, primarily in the European countries of Bulgaria, Romania,
Serbia and Ukraine.

   The Company competes with Deere & Company, Caterpillar, Inc. Agco
Corporation, RDO Equipment Co., Butler Machinery, Ziegler Inc. and Brandt
Holdings Co.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
42182 - Farm and Garden Machinery and Equipment Wholesalers
SECONDARY NAICS:
23499 - All Other Heavy Construction
333999 - All Other General Purpose Machinery  Manufacturing
333131 - Mining Machinery and Equipment Manufacturing
332312 - Fabricated Structural Metal Manufacturing
PRIMARY SIC:
5083 - Farm And Garden MacHinery
SECONDARY SIC:
1629 - Heavy Construction, Nec
3569 - General Industrial MacHinery, Nec
3532 - Mining MacHinery
3441 - Fabricated Structural Metal
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Komatsu Ltd
     ·    Caterpillar Inc.
     ·    Deere & Company
     ·    CNH Global NV
     ·    Ingersoll-Rand PLC
     ·    AGCO Corporation


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Cash & Equivalents                      89,465         127,528          74,242
Cash and Short Term                     89,465         127,528          74,242
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,            60,143          80,600         101,557
Gross
Provision for Doubtful                 (3,591)         (4,218)         (3,663)
Accounts
Accounts Receivable - Trade,            56,552          76,382          97,894
Net
Receivables - Other                     13,011             166             851
Total Receivables, Net                  69,563          76,548          98,745
Inventories - Finished Goods           591,286         761,292         939,273
Inventories - Work In Progress          10,371          10,255          10,039
Inventories - Raw Materials             87,807         107,893         126,666
Total Inventory                        689,464         879,440       1,075,978
Prepaid Expenses                         9,628          10,634          24,304
Other Current Assets, Total                125          15,312          14,114
Total Current Assets                   858,245       1,109,462       1,287,383
Land/Improvements - Gross               63,460          57,630          60,470
Machinery/Equipment - Gross            197,342         215,704         212,589
Other Property/Plant/Equipment          38,149          39,421          35,860
- Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,              298,951         312,755         308,919
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,            (115,772)       (104,075)        (80,919)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,              183,179         208,680         228,000
Total - Net
Intangibles - Gross                      5,854           8,148          14,293
Accumulated Intangible                   (720)         (2,690)         (2,543)
Amortization
Intangibles, Net                         5,134           5,458          11,750
Other Long Term Assets                   1,317           2,014          12,764
Other Long Term Assets, Total            1,317           2,014          12,764
Total Assets                         1,047,875       1,325,614       1,564,648



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Accounts Payable                        16,863          17,659          23,714
Accrued Expenses                        24,831          29,205          34,415
Notes Payable/Short Term Debt          444,780         625,162         750,533
Current Port. of LT                      1,557           7,749           2,192
Debt/Capital Leases
Customer Advances                       32,406          38,112          62,401
Income Taxes Payable                       152           3,529             344
Other Current Liabilities                2,836           3,269           1,438
Other Current liabilities,              35,394          47,745          64,183
Total
Total Current Liabilities              523,425         727,520         875,037
Long Term Debt                         172,554         196,452         224,425
Total Long Term Debt                   172,554         196,452         224,425
Total Debt                             618,891         829,363         977,150
Deferred Income Tax - LT                11,135          19,971          47,329
Liability
Deferred Income Tax                     11,135          19,971          47,329
Minority Interest                          793           1,860           2,571
Other Long Term Liabilities              2,412           3,312           6,515
Other Liabilities, Total                 2,412           3,312           6,515
Total Liabilities                      710,319         949,115       1,155,877



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Additional Paid-In Capital             242,491         240,180         238,857
Retained Earnings (Accumulated          99,526         137,418         169,575
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income             (4,461)         (1,099)             339
Other Equity, Total                    (4,461)         (1,099)             339
Total Equity                           337,556         376,499         408,771
Total Liabilities &                  1,047,875       1,325,614       1,564,648
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              21,604          21,406          21,261
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     21,604          21,406          21,261
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Full-Time Employees                      2,352           2,541           2,497
Part-Time Employees                        195             241             326
Number of Common Shareholders              959             952             817
Accumulated Intangible Amort,              720           2,690           2,543
Suppl.
Deferred Revenue - Current              32,406          38,112          62,401
Curr Derivative Liab. Hedging,           2,836           3,269           1,438
Suppl.



RATIOS
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Total Current Assets less              168,781         230,022         211,405
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  0               0               0
Current Ratio                                2               2               1
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &            530,219         703,695         905,479
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common            332,422         371,041         372,270
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,              15              17              18
Common Eq (USD)



FOOTNOTE DEBT ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Total Long Term Debt,                       14              75              98
Supplemental
Long Term Debt Maturing within               0               8               2
1 Year
Long Term Debt Maturing in                  12              29              37
Year 2
Long Term Debt Maturing in                   0               5               4
Year 3
Long Term Debt Maturing in                   0              22               1
Year 4
Long Term Debt Maturing in                   0               1              48
Year 5
Long Term Debt Maturing in 2-3              12              34              40
Years
Long Term Debt Maturing in 4-5               0              23              49
Years
Long Term Debt Matur. in Year                2              10               6
6 & Beyond
Total Operating Leases,                    187             203             191
Supplemental
Operating Lease Payments Due                21              23              22
in Year 1
Operating Lease Payments Due                20              22              19
in Year 2
Operating Lease Payments Due                19              20              17
in Year 3
Operating Lease Payments Due                15              19              16
in Year 4
Operating Lease Payments Due                15              17              15
in Year 5
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in               39              41              37
2-3 Years
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in               30              36              31
4-5 Years
Oper. Lse. Pymts. Due in Year               97             102             100
6 & Beyond

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Net Sales                            1,367,835       1,900,246       2,226,446
Revenue                              1,367,835       1,900,246       2,226,446
Total Revenue                        1,367,835       1,900,246       2,226,446
Cost of Revenue                      1,161,921       1,591,862       1,878,372
Cost of Revenue, Total               1,161,921       1,591,862       1,878,372
Gross Profit                           205,914         308,384         348,074
Impairment-Assets Held for Use           7,272          34,390           9,997
Unusual Expense (Income)                 8,500          34,390           9,997
Other Operating Expense                220,524         273,271         291,202
Other Operating Expenses,              220,524         273,271         291,202
Total
Total Operating Expense              1,390,945       1,899,523       2,179,571
Operating Income                      (23,110)             723          46,875
Interest Expense -                    (30,868)        (34,791)        (30,555)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                 (30,868)        (34,791)        (30,555)
Non-Operating
Interest Income(Exp), Net              (1,474)         (4,272)           2,109
Non-Operating
Interest                              (33,101)        (39,063)        (28,446)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Net Income Before Taxes               (56,211)        (38,340)          18,429
Provision for Income Taxes            (17,982)         (4,923)          10,325
Net Income After Taxes                (38,229)        (33,417)           8,104
Minority Interest                          337           1,260             747
Net Income Before Extra. Items        (37,892)        (32,157)           8,851
Income Available to Com Excl          (37,175)        (31,598)           8,722
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           21,111          20,989          20,894
Basic EPS Excluding                        (2)             (2)               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                21,111          20,989          21,040
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd             (2)             (2)               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Net Income                            (37,892)        (32,157)           8,851
Income Available to Com Incl          (37,175)        (31,598)           8,722
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Total Special Items                      8,500          34,390           9,997
Normalized Income Before Taxes        (47,711)         (3,950)          28,426
Effect of Special Items on               2,975          12,037           5,601
Income Taxes
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items         (15,007)           7,114          15,926
Normalized Income After Taxes         (32,704)        (11,063)          12,500
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.         (31,650)         (9,244)          13,118
Basic Normalized EPS                       (1)               0               1
Diluted Normalized EPS                     (1)               0               1



RATIOS
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Gross Margin                                15              16              16
Operating Margin                            -2               0               2
Pretax Margin                               -4              -2               1
Net Profit Margin                           -3              -2               0
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)             (14,610)          35,113          56,872
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)             13,928          66,913          87,672



FOOTNOTE TAX ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Current Tax - Domestic                 (9,193)           8,615          13,086
Current Tax - Foreign                      235              54           2,029
Current Tax - Local                        147           1,245             149
Current Tax - Total                    (8,811)           9,914          15,264
Deferred Tax - Domestic                (7,766)        (13,372)         (4,832)
Deferred Tax - Foreign                 (1,427)         (1,504)           (533)
Deferred Tax - Local                        22              39             426
Deferred Tax - Total                   (9,171)        (14,837)         (4,939)
Income Tax - Total                    (17,982)         (4,923)          10,325



FOOTNOTE PENSION ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Defined Contribution Expense -             200           3,500           4,000
Domestic
Total Pension Expense                      200           3,500           4,000



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Basic EPS Including                        (2)             (2)               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                        (37)            (32)               9
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd             (2)             (2)               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Stock-Based Compensation,                2,103           2,135           2,131
Supplemental
Interest Expense, Supplemental          30,868          34,791          30,555
Depreciation, Supplemental              28,238          31,200          30,000
Amort of Intangibles,                      300             600             800
Supplemental
Rental Expense, Supplemental            22,900          23,000          22,100
Advertising Expense,                     3,300           5,500           5,900
Supplemental
Minority Interest,                         337           1,260             747
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    01/31/2016      01/31/2015      01/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line              (38,229)        (33,417)           8,104
Depreciation                            28,538          31,768          30,794
Depreciation/Depletion                  28,538          31,768          30,794
Deferred Taxes                         (9,171)        (14,837)         (4,939)
Unusual Items                            6,903          31,225           9,997
Other Non-Cash Items                     8,124          12,736           5,619
Non-Cash Items                          15,027          43,961          15,616
Accounts Receivable                     24,326          25,395          13,067
Inventories                            196,983         171,595       (182,374)
Accounts Payable                        45,005       (157,352)          27,630
Payable/Accrued                       (14,318)        (29,603)          10,173
Taxes Payable                         (16,277)           3,548           (314)
Changes in Working Capital             235,719          13,583       (131,818)
Cash from Operating Activities         231,884          41,058        (82,243)
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (8,411)        (17,012)        (19,010)
Capital Expenditures                   (8,411)        (17,596)        (23,858)
Sale of Fixed Assets                     7,777          16,803          16,712
Other Investing Cash Flow                  508           5,196              69
Other Investing Cash Flow                8,285          21,999          16,781
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities           (126)           4,403         (7,077)
Other Financing Cash Flow              (3,075)         (4,382)         (1,550)
Financing Cash Flow Items              (3,075)         (4,382)         (1,550)
Short Term Debt, Net                 (221,912)          41,114          31,395
Long Term Debt Issued                   72,907         113,000         143,918
Long Term Debt Reduction             (116,876)       (140,728)       (133,960)
Long Term Debt, Net                   (43,969)        (27,728)           9,958
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,       (265,881)          13,386          41,353
Net
Cash from Financing Activities       (268,956)           9,004          39,803
Foreign Exchange Effects                 (865)         (1,179)           (601)
Net Change in Cash                    (38,063)          53,286        (50,118)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance           127,528          74,242         124,360
Net Cash - Ending Balance               89,465         127,528          74,242
Cash Interest Paid                      25,840          30,044          26,134
Cash Taxes Paid                          7,324           6,369          15,729

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         858,245
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        743,913
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,047,875
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          920,297
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,056,984
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         337,556
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        332,343
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        373,020
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          332,422
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          327,317
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          52,431
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          89,465
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                          115,772
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                         125,542
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          689,464
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              607,629
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          523,425
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        462,025
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            710,319
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          587,954
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         172,554
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        113,181
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         69,563
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             76,362
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            337,556
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          332,343
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         618,891
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             500,700
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          28,538
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          7,068
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           26,846
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       223,473
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           8,654
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            94,900
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -16.49
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         -38.40
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        10,984
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     43
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.15
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.40
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.48
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.70
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.48
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                      (15,626,000)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                               450,213
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                      (17,554,420)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            20.58
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                20.21
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  17.44
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           559,098.70
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               566,630.60
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 523,355.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.64
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.63
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             95,300.28
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                -.44
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.07
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                 .77
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.42
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  16.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      12.30
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  51.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      34.06
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          43.89
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           18.03
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               13.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .32
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .29
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .31
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         59.06
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             54.41
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             64.65
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            60.10
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        183.34
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            150.66
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         190.80
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             15.50
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             12.92
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          -.75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  1.66
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  -.75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -22.90
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -20.95
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   5.46
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.72
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -92.45
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             110.39
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -16.97
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -34.14
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          15.80
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -14.63
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -92.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      110.41
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -35.04
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -17.65
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3.68
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          19.38
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -19.18
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.02
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              19.60
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.56
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.23
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -19.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,161,921
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           273,840
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                      1,049,757
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (38,229)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            264
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (41,288)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (32,704)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (56,211)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            56
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (62,913)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (47,711)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (14,610)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     5,283
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (32,501)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               13,928
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            66,913
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   12,351
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (5,655)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         30,868
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         5,121
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          22,734
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,175)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                256
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (40,206)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (31,650)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,892)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,367,835
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                332,266
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,523,013
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                1,230,933
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 66.01
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                          -371.43
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (17,982)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (208)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (21,625)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,892)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (40,990)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,668)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (36,395)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .37
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -3.22
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .11
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              -2.26
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -3.91
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  1.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -10.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              -7.67
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -11.40
Return on investment - 5 year average                                       .85
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.83
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .23
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.96
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,625
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              15,232
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,387
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            15,001
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              398
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               595
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             250
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (459)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                          (77)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               185
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,383
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              345
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         2,126
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                             (88)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (681)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,141
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           2,403
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (267)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,761)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               12
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,415)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,899)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,761)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              12
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,416)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,899)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,499)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          10,586
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             1,118
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          3,866
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            1,632
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              407
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         2,145
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              4,474
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             7,987
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            5,187
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            64,793
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         62,660
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 15,622
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             58,029
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           69.79
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         141.19
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.18
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   39.32
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    11.37
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .91
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .93
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.56
quarter
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            1.39
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.27
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .23
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .23
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .17
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .25
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .95
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .54
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .62
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              4.07
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     1.02
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                           -.46
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 15.05
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 16.23
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             15.80
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        17.58
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          14.72
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                          .25
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.79
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -1.76
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .08
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -2.06
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.35
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -1.69
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               .04
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          2.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     1.51
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -3.25
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.02
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                              .73
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -5.11
Float                                                                     17.67
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        310,489
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             21.14
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            21.21
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          21.11
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         21.27
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          21.60
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              21.82
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            21.58
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              21.82
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         21.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            21.20
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.11
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           21.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            80.97

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 21,819,309
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 959
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte & Touche LLP


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  01/31/201 01/31/201 01/31/201
                                                  6         5         4
Agriculture                    External Revenue   864,851   1,372,716 1,765,821
Agriculture                    Total Revenue      864,851   1,372,716 1,765,821
Agriculture                    Other Unusual      (4,713)   (30,348)  (8,243)
                               Income/Expense
Agriculture                    Depreciation       7,760     8,666     8,196
Agriculture                    Interest Income,   159       214       270
                               Non-Operating
Agriculture                    Interest Expense   15,596    16,983    16,052
Agriculture                    Income Before Tax  (29,710)  (13,429)  59,574
Agriculture                    Pre-Tax Margin (%) (3,435)   (978)     3,374
Agriculture                    Total Assets       557,579   736,239   943,212
Agriculture                    Purchase of Fixed  2,861     3,324     4,634
                               Assets

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 20, 1994, Wednesday

AROUND THE SOUTH BOUNTY FROM THE GULF Off-shore fish farming may feed the hungry

BYLINE: By Gene Tharpe STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 613 words


One catch: Only EPA approval is needed to produce tons of finny food in the Gulf
near Mobile, Ala.

When John Ericsson goes fishing, he doesn't waste time with hook and line. He
aims to "farm" millions of pounds of fish in the Gulf of Mexico.

Ericsson, president of Sea Pride Industries, is one government permit away from
approval to build the Sea Trek Ocean Farming System in federal waters 4 miles
south of Fort Morgan, Ala., near Mobile.

At the $ 15 million, octopus-like facility, Ericsson envisions producing 3
million or more pounds of redfish, sea bass or other edible, warm-water fish
annually.

"It's still experimental, but what Sea Pride Industries is attempting to do is
exciting," said Dr. Hank Parker, aquaculture coordinator of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.

"Sea Trek has a number of unique engineering features that take the concept of
off-shore fish farming further than any ofter operation I know of."

The remaining permit needed to build Sea Trek is difficult to obtain:
Enviromental Protection Agency approval.

But Ericsson feels sure the EPA permit will be issued, though it is still
undergoing review.

"The EPA assures me there should be no problem," he said. "They tell me the
permit is scheduled to be issued in August, to be effective in October."

With the permit, Ericsson expects Sea Trek to begin operations by the fall of
1995, though further financing is needed to build the facility.

Sea Pride Industries, based in Gulf Breeze, Fla., near Pensacola, has about 80
individual investors and plans an initial public offering of stock later this
year.

Sea Trek, partly submerged in 50 feet of water, will consist of a central dome
and work platform above the surface, with six 160-foot-long barrel-like cages
extending out like spokes underwater for raising the fish.

Each 40-foot-diameter barrel, stocked with fingerlings from a shoreside
hatchery, could hold up to 250,000 fish within three compartments that separate
the fish according to size.

The fish will be fed meals of high-protein pellets dozens of times daily.
Depending on variety, each fish will grow to about 4 pounds in 150 to 365 days.

After they reach "meal" size, a water vacuum system will remove the fish from
the barrels onto boats to transfer to shore for cleaning and sale.

Sea Trek, which will be staffed by about 20 workers, will be set on concrete
pilings and is designed to withstand a "100-year hurricane," as required by the
Corps of Engineers before it would issue a construction permit.

Ericsson and Parker said great strides must be made in farming of seafood - both
freshwater and saltwater varieties - to meet the future seafood needs of the
world's burgeoning population.

Parker said the world's population is forecast to reach 8.5 billion by 2025 and
will need 77 million metric tons more seafood than currently caught commercially
or produced by aquaculture.

"Most scientists agree that we are now at the maximum annual commercial catch of
fish worldwide, about 90 million metric tons," Parker said, "which means that
most of the 77 million metric tons will have to come from aquaculture." About 11
million metric tons now are produced worldwide from fish farming, he said.

Ericsson said salmon farming produces sales in the United States of $ 75 million
annually, and he thinks there are several Gulf of Mexico species that could
generate annual sales of $ 50 million or more annually.

"Sea Trek's technology is exciting and its opportunities unlimited, but the
challenges are also enormous and costs extensive," Parker said. "The critical
issue will be the cost of producing the fish in relation to the market price of
the fish."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942030321

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Sea Trek Ocean Farming System will feature six barrel-like
cages meeting at a central dome and work platform above the surface, with each
cage holding up to 250,000 fish. / Sea Pride Industries

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 24, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Storms Save Some Crops

BYLINE: By DENNIS HEVESI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 20, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 374 words


Besides dousing dozens of forest fires, downpours this past week have saved - at
least temporarily - corn and other vegetable crops around New York State from
''irreparable damage,'' an official of the State Agriculture Department said
yesterday.

In New Jersey, however, where Governor Kean has asked the Federal Government for
disaster drought relief, the rains came too late to provide much relief.

With 1.71 inches of rain on Thursday and .04 inches on Friday combining with
heavy rains early in the week, Central Park received a total for the month of
6.43 inches, according to Bob McElhearn, a meteorologist with the National
Weather Service in Rockefeller Center. Rainfall in July averages 3.77 inches.

The storms, caused by the clash of tropical and arctic air along a stalled
front, have dampened much of New York State.

''It is more than welcome,'' said Dwayne Lipinski, special assistant to the New
York State Commissioner of Agriculture, Donald G. Butcher.

The rain, Mr. Lipinski said, ''was extremely critical to keep us from
experiencing irreparable damage.'' He added, ''Had we not gotten this widespread
rain, we would have been into a really critical situation, particularly with our
corn crop and our processing vegetables - green beans, cabbage and beets.''

In New Jersey, Carol Shipp, a spokeswoman for the Secretary of Agriculture,
Arthur R. Brown, said: ''The rains came pretty late to help a lot of the crops
in this state. There had been a spell of several weeks of dry weather, and a lot
of them went past the point where they could be helped.''

Jersey Seeks Disaster Relief

On Thursday, citing nearly $120 million in crop losses, Mr. Kean asked the
United States Department of Agriculture to declare a drought disaster in New
Jersey.

Agriculture officials in Connecticut could not be reached for comment yesterday.

There have been more than 500 forest fires around the state this year, compared
with 267 all of last year, said Robert H. Bathrick, the director of the lands
and forests division of the New York State Department of Environmental
Conservation. But because of the rain, he said, ''we're sure in a lot better
shape than a week and a half ago. All the fires are out or under control.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       May 21, 2002 Tuesday Final Edition

U.S. subsidies put squeeze on Canada's farmers: Damage to Canadian agriculture
estimated at $1.3 billion a year

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Scott Edmonds

SECTION: Business; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 719 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG

WINNIPEG -- Canada's farmers and premiers have been looking with dismay and a
tinge of envy at the United States, where agriculture just got a $180-billion
U.S. pre-election birthday present.

But it's a present that has huge implications for farmers and taxpayers
throughout the world, as calls mount for subsidies to help producers in other
countries compete with what the Americans have promised to spend.

"In fairness to the Americans, they're taking care of their own," says Dennis
Jack, chairman of the Ontario Corn Producers' Association.

His group is just one of many calling on the federal government to pony up $1.3
billion a year to deal with what they point out is Agriculture Canada's own
estimate of the annual trade injury to Canadian farmers from foreign subsidies.

The number -- which started at $1.2 billion when first bandied about last year
-- is based on a look at what has happened to world grain and oilseed prices and
production between 1995 and 2000.

In the end, 25 per cent of the decline in prices in the period was ascribed to
the impact of subsidies.

Mr. Jack says Ontario's corn growers see it in simpler terms.

"Our price is established based on Chicago (prices). We can only get what the
U.S. price is, plus the basis or delivery charges to the destination in
Ontario."

When American farmers have only to cover production costs from the sale of their
corn and earn their profit from subsidies, the impact is clear, he suggests.

Corn that could be selling for $5 a bushel is selling for $2, for example.
"Their product flows into our market at their price and then they get that extra
$100 an acre."

President George W. Bush signed the bill into law over the objections of some
members of his own Republican party, who noted it breaks pledges to reduce
subsidies and will also pump up the U.S. deficit.

It's a complete reversal from the 1996 U.S. farm bill, which was to be the
beginning of the end for such hefty support payments. Canada had already slashed
farm supports as part of world talks on reducing such trade-distorting
subsidies.

U.S. resolve evaporated quickly, however, under political pressure when
commodity prices started to slip in 1997, notes Daryl Kraft of the University of
Manitoba, one of Western Canada's best-known agricultural economists.

A variety of programs were put in place. With U.S. elections now looming again,
however, those have been formalized for grains and oilseeds and expanded to
cover other commodities as well in the new U.S. farm bill.

The new legislation even combines the transition measures from the 1996 farm
bill with those subsidies they were intended to replace, says Mr. Kraft.

"Lo and behold, the new farm bill came along and it had the best of both
worlds," Mr. Kraft says wryly.

It has been widely criticized by other countries that have reduced subsidies,
such as Canada and Australia, and ironically even by Europe, where subsidy
levels remain high.

Despite all the political rhetoric about how evil it is, however, the U.S. farm
bill is now a fact of life Canadian farmers must face along with the threat of
drought, disease and other natural disasters.

Most say they are ill-equipped to deal with this new pressure.

The Grain Growers of Canada was the group that first suggested the $1.3-billion
Trade

Injury Compensation Program last year. The western provinces are also pushing
hard for Ottawa to buy into the idea.

They say they cannot afford to compete with the U.S. treasury and point to
federal surpluses in Canada as a source for the money needed to keep Canadian
farmers in business.

What form the new program might take, if it is even agreed to by the federal
government, remains uncertain.

Grain Growers chairman Brian Kriz, who farms near Red Deer, Alta., says unlike
other farm aid programs, this one has to compensate all farmers fairly, big and
small.

But Stewart Wells, president of the National Farmers Union, says if Ottawa isn't
careful it will only speed the departure of smaller farmers from the rural
landscape.

"If the payments are not capped, that tips the balance in favour of larger and
larger farms and that accelerates the loss of farms out of the countryside,"
says Mr. Wells, who farms near Swift Current, Sask.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Sow today, reap tomorrow - the future of China's agriculture

SECTION: INDUSTRIES

LENGTH: 347 words


BEIJING - For twelve years in a row, China's "No 1 Central Document" has focused
on agriculture and rural issues.

The "No 1 Central Document" is the first major policy document released each
year. Agriculture is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation,
with problems including low farmer income, pollution and a lack of competitive
agricultural companies.

Efforts have been made to increase farmers' incomes, but the gap between urban
and rural incomes remains. Growth of rural incomes has outpaced that of urban
dwellers since 2010, but nonetheless, Chinese villagers only earn about one
third of city residents.

Without increased government investment in agriculture, tourism and other income
sources for farmers combined with higher value agricultural products, hopes of
reducing the gap will be in vain.

China has to feed about one fifth of world's population from less than 10
percent of the arable land. Environmental protection was never given enough
weight in farming and over-exploitation of farmland must come to an end. Use of
chemicals and fertilizers per hectare in China was once 70 percent higher than
the world average, resulting in more than 40 percent of farmland being degraded.
Protecting farmland is an uphill battle that China must win.

Many farmers in their 50s or 60s till plots of less than half an acre, while
their children work in cities. Those seniors will soon quit farming and about
200 million rural people are expected to move into cities over the coming
decades, so China has to develop large-scale, environmentally friendly farming,
and must do it quickly.

A high percentage of China's population are employed in agriculture, but a short
list of reputable agricultural businesses compares poorly with the United States
and France. Innovation must play a bigger role in farming, and Chinese
agricultural companies with global clout must be fostered.

A list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the
No 1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 28, 2011 Saturday

City Moms want to know about farming

BYLINE: Jo Ann Hustis, Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 933 words


May 28--It's not about corn and beans, but about Illinois farmers coming
together to tell the public who they are, Mazon grain producer Donna Jeschke
says.

"We need to interact with our consumers," she told the full house at the Grundy
County Soil and Water Conservation District's quarterly breakfast Wednesday. "We
need to put the focus on healthy land and farm animals, and that we won't sell
food to the public that we wouldn't feed to our own families."

Jeschke, a spokesman with Illinois Farm Families, told of her recent agriculture
trip to Japan and watching customers line up at kiosks in the grocery stores to
see how various cuts of meat are obtained from which animals, the animals'
pedigrees and how they were raised.

Japan obtains a large share of meat produced on farms in the United States.
Japanese grocery stores have informational bulletins within reach of their
customers on meats and other produce, the use of chemicals like herbicides and
pesticides in farming, and various conservation practices.

Research has shown that non-farm consumers in the United States admit they do
not know much about agriculture, and that their actual experience with farmers
and farming is limited.

"Farmers in general are finding out it's more important than ever to tell what's
happening on our farms. City people have different ideas of what we're doing,"
she said of the FOOD research program initiated by a coalition of farm leaders
who represent the five largest Illinois farm groups.

The acronym stands for the Farmers Opening Our Doors movement.

Non-farm consumers are learning about farming and ag practices from various
sources like the media, books, talks shows, social networking sites, and even
their peers.

"From everyone except farmers -- the people who grow and raise their food," she
said.

This lack of communication with farmers has created a lot of misinformation and
assumptions about food. Farmers need to help consumers find answers to their
questions.

The consumers research program was conducted by Morgan & Meyer, and targeted
toward finding what the non-farm "City Mom" wants to know about the meat and
produce available at grocery stores. The research was conducted in Chicago and
St. Louis. The purpose was to help farmers understand what non-farmers want.

"The new economic norm is that Americans want to live as well as they can on
less money," Jeschke said. "The No. 1 concern of the non-farm family is the
health and welfare of their families."

Mothers are probably the most powerful consumers in today's world. They want to
know how their food was grown and raised, and what is in it. They also expect to
get honest answers to their questions and comments.

"The No. 1 place where City Moms get their information about farming is from the
local farmers' markets," she said. "About 40 percent of Illinois consumers said
these markets are their main source of information. Another 37 percent said
their main source of information was from driving by farms and seeing the signs
-- Monsanto, Pioneer, Grainco FS."

These signs actually are just advertising the brand of seed planted in the field
where the sign is placed. They mislead urban families who mistake them for the
names of large corporate farming operations.

"The image the research program found is that urban people respect and
appreciate farmers, and consider them to be honest and a nurturing and caring
group. Sixty-five percent of the focus groups ranked farmers first in the
professions trusted by the public," Jeschke said.

"They consider good farmers to be the ones who operate small traditional grain
and livestock farms. They consider a bad farm as one operated by a large
corporation. We need to talk to non-farmers about corporate farms, and about the
use of pesticides and the like in the farming operation."

The study displayed nearly a dozen agriculture pictures and asked consumers to
chose the one they liked the best and the least.  The winner was that of several
customers at a produce stand in a farmers market. The least liked picture was
that of a western feed lot containing about 300 head of cattle.

Mothers with children under the age of 12 are the most influential in consumer
buying habits, Jeschke noted.

"They're concerned about safety and healthy elements in food," she said.
"Today's consumer values are based on fear and insecurity. They are concerned
about using corn for food instead of ethanol. They trust farmers in general, but
they don't understand the use of products like pesticides."

The non-farm public does not understand the science behind operating a farm.

The Illinois Farm Families program is offering Chicago-area mothers opportunity
to tour farms as Field Moms reporters. IFF will equip the Field Moms with video
cameras, and let them record and share what they see and learn on the farms.

The Field Moms will participate in media interviews, blog about their
experiences, and appear in other publicity avenues. Field Moms will also write
journal and blog entries about their farm tour experience for Twitter and
Facebook.

To be a Field Mom or to follow the Field Moms on line as they tour farms, go to
www.watchusgrow.org. Most tours will leave the Chicago area at 8 a.m. and return
about 6 p.m.

Jeschke was introduced by County SWCD Executive Director Natalie Mahler.

To see more of The Morris Daily Herald, go to http://www.morrisdailyherald.com.
Copyright (c) 2011, Morris Daily Herald, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110528-1MO-City-Moms-want-to-know-about-farming-0528-20110528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MO


                                 Copyright 2011


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   February 5, 1987, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Gotlieb condemns 'myths' of U.S.-Canadian trade

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


   WASHINGTON (CP) - Allan Gotlieb, Canada's ambassador to the United States,
condemned U.S. trading practices yesterday in a toughly worded attack on the
"myths" of Canada-U.S. trade.

Referring to U.S. criticism of subsidized Canadian industries, Gotlieb said the
United States is a major user of subsidies, particularly in the agriculture
field.

"Last year the total cost of programs pumping government money into that sector
exceeded $25 billion," he said in a text of a speech to be given to a
Canada-U.S. trade conference in Los Angeles.

Price supports

"These programs varied from direct deficiency payments to price supports,
combined with quotas, to help insulate your producers from international
competition.

"Government support to your grain and oilseed farmers is some two to four times
greater than the support given to Canadian farmers, depending on the commodity."

Canada and other U.S. trading partners have come under increasing attack in the
United States for alleged unfair subsidization of industries which export their
products into the U.S. market.

Subsidies are a major issue in the current Canada-U.S. negotiations on a
free-trade pact, especially in the wake of recent U.S. moves to penalize imports
of Canadian softwood lumber, fish and hogs.

Gotlieb said that while Canada may make liberal use of grants and subsidies to
support its industries, the United States may be more inclined to use tax breaks
to achieve the same objective.

"But you are not shy about using grants either, and in any event the practical
result may be the same even though the means vary," he said.

"When you cut through the mythology and take a cold, hard look at the facts, it
seems clear to us that the United States is a major user of subsidies."

Biggest partner

Other "myths" Gotlieb tried to dispel in his speech included the popular belief
in the United States that Japan, as opposed to Canada, is the largest U.S.
trading partner; that Canada enjoys an "inordinate" surplus in its trade with
the United States; that Canada has been maintaining its dollar at an artifically
low level, and that only Canada would benefit from a free-trade arrangement.

Gotlieb urged Americans to recognize that when trade in both goods and services
are taken into account, the Canadian surplus was less than $3 billion in the
first nine months of 1986 on total two-way trade of $114 billion.

See related stories on page A1 by Ruimy and Israelson

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Allan Gotlieb

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   May 5, 1994, Thursday, DAILY: WEST EDITION

Minister favors end to wheat board monopoly

BYLINE: Ashley Geddes

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 323 words

DATELINE: Edmonton, Alta.


Alberta Agriculture Minister Walter Paszkowski has joined a growing chorus of
calls for the removal of the Canadian Wheat Board's monopoly control on export
wheat sales.

Paszkowski, who has begun circulating a report proposing reforms of the grain
marketing system, said allowing farmers the choice of selling wheat and barley
independent of the wheat board could help alleviate the current trade dispute
over Canadian wheat sales in the U.S.

The wheat board monopoly is ''an obstacle in the trade dispute and it certainly
would help,'' said Paszkowski.

The wheat board currently has a monopoly over the buying and selling of Canadian
wheat and barley destined for U.S. markets.

The U.S., angered by a dramatic rise in imports of Canadian grain, has
threatened to impose tariffs on Canada's wheat and barley, citing the wheat
board's monopoly as one irritant.

Paszkowksi said any producer or grain company - including the wheat board -
should be able to buy and deliver supplies in North America.

The report, which suggests the wheat board could maintain sole jurisdiction over
offshore sales, also calls for the elimination of farm transportation subsidies
under the Western Grain Transportation Act.

''The wheat board has to restructure because it has to meet the current needs
and current times,'' said Paszkowski. ''We'd like to see the whole process
become more competitive.''

The Western Canadian Wheat Growers Association and the Western Barley Growers
Association are also demanding an end to the wheat board's monopoly.

But an advisory committee to the wheat board issued a statement this week
denouncing proponents of reducing the board's authority as apologists for a U.S.
foreign policy.

While the committee says only a minority of grain farmers favors eroding the
wheat board's jurisdiction, Paszkowski said a majority of the farmers and farm
groups he's talked to wants reforms.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Irish land tops global price ranking

BYLINE: Ken Whelan

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1119 words


IRELAND is the dearest place in the world to buy farming land according to a
recent survey by the Financial Times in London.

The global land price survey, shows that the average price of farming land in
Ireland is (EURO)9364/ac.

It is noteworthy that the next most expensive country in the world to buy land
is New Zealand ((EURO)8532/ac) where the agriculture sector is dominated by
dairying.

The next dearest European location to purchase land is Denmark at (EURO)7,934/ac
followed by Britain at (EURO)5,448/ac.

Poland, France, Canada, Brazil, Romania, Hungary, the United States and Canada,
all recorded a price per acre below (EURO)4,000 in the Financial Times survey
while land in Australia is currently changing hands for as low as (EURO)482/ac.

The Financial Times figure for Irish land prices is broadly in line with the
quarterly Irish Land Market Review published this week by Sherry Fitzgerald
auctioneers.

It found that the average price per acre paid for farming land in Ireland in the
last quarter increased by 2.7% to (EURO)9,550. Economists and auctioneers
believe the value placed by landowners and farmers on their land is essentially
historic. However, they also agreed that this has been inflated over the past
couple of years by demand for land ahead of the EU''s abolition of milk quotas
next year. Economist Jim Power told the Farming Independent that the main reason
for high farmland prices in Ireland is down to the low turnover of land in the
country.

"There is a very limited supply of land in Ireland and an incredibly low
turnover of land, which in turn creates a demand that in turn affects the price
of land," he said.

"There is also a 'caste system' ' operating within Irish agriculture with the
dairy farmers at the top, tillage farmers- depending on the weather-in the
middle, with beef and sheep farmers at the bottom. It will always be the case.

"But the post milk quota situation in 2015 is creating a demand for land and
dairy farmers at the moment will buy anything that moves," he said.

"What we are seeing now is an artificially strong demand for land with bank
lending to agriculture centred almost entirely on the dairy sector - at the
expense of the other farming sectors. This is because of the predicted long term
prospects when milk quotas are abolished."

"  Power, however, believes this is a "short term approach to farm
investment'''' which will not be good for the long term viability of Irish
agriculture.

"What happens when dairy margins tighten and these borrowings have to be paid
off?" "  Kildare-based auctioneer Paddy Jordan says he would not disagree with
the findings of the Financial Times'' survey.

Turnover "The low turnover of land in Ireland is mainly the cause of high land
prices'''', he says.

"You must remember the recent statistic about land in Ireland. Apparently land
in France is sold once in every 70 years while land in Ireland is sold only once
in 400 to 500 years.

"I recently sold 108 acres of good tillage land at (EURO)16,500 an acre. That is
above the number you are quoting, but most of the recent transactions would be
within an ass''s roar of the figure,'' '' he says.

New buyers area mixture of dairy farmers who "would buy outside the ditch
anyway'' '' and farmers buying land as a long term investment.

"There are a lot of cash buyers who are interested in land because interest
rates on deposit accounts are so low," says Jordan.

"Many of them are farmers who sold land near towns for huge sums during the
boom. You must remember that not all of them used the boom time money to invest
in AIB and Anglo Irish.

"They still have the money to invest and when you buy land you know the land is
still going to be there tomorrow morning.

"They are getting two bites of the cherry - land which they can farm now and
land which they can use as an investment for the next generation who will have
no memory of the economic crash.

"I suppose it's all a question of supply and demand but you have to remember
there is a lot of good land in Ireland compared to the USA where there is an
awful lot of bad land,'' '' he added.

BORDER REGION SEES THE ONLY DECREASE IN LAND VALUES THE average price of Irish
farmland rose by 2.7pc from (EURO)9,300 to (EURO)9,550 per acre during the first
quarter of the year, according to the Irish Land Market Review just published by
auctioneers Sherry Fitzgerald.

The review is based on actual prices or prices likely to be achieved by Sherry
Fitzgerald''s network of 56 agents nationwide and covers sales of grassland,
prime tillage land, marginal grassland and forestry land.

Land prices in Cork increased by 9pc contributing to a 7.1pc rise in land values
in the south west, where prices increased from (EURO)9,550 to (EURO)10,650/ac
during the quarter.

Land values in the midlands increased by 3.9pc and values in the mid east region
rose by 3.1pc. Both the Dublin and southeast land markets remained stable during
the quarter, but land values in the Border region dropped by 0.7pc. The average
value of grassland increased by 3pc ( (EURO)10,500 to (EURO)10,750/ac) with the
highest values recorded in the Dublin region ((EURO)13,500/ac). Dublin is
followed by the south west where grassland values grew by 7pc to
(EURO)11,700/ac, driven by strong demand and sales in Cork.

Grassland values in the mid east region increased by 6pc to (EURO)11,600/ac, but
the Border region showed a marginal decrease of 1.5pc.

Looking at the overall national picture, grassland values vary from more than
(EURO)15,000/ac in the right locations to as low as (EURO)5,000 in counties like
Leitrim and Roscommon, where demand is weaker.

The average price per acre for tillage land increased by 3.2pc in the first
quarter to (EURO)11,600.

Values in the south west region were up 7.1pc with Cork again the star in the
salesroom. Tillage land prices increased there by 9.3pc.

The value of tillage land in the mid west region grew by 4.8pc during the first
three months of the year with the midlands and mid east markets growing by 4pc
and 4.2pc respectively.

The average value of prime tillage land in Dublin was (EURO)18,000 /ac.

Prices nationally for marginal grassland averaged (EURO)6, 750/ac - a rise of
1.5pc on the previous quarter.

The south west and midlands saw the largest increases (9.2pc) with Longford and
Laois driving the increase in the Midlands.

Mature forestry of 25 years or more is selling at (EURO)3,700/ac - up 2.2pc with
a notable uplift in prices (8.1pc) in the Border region.

While farmers remain the principle buyers in the markets, the authors note that
cash investors and returning emigrants are also prominent. The report also warns
that access to bank finance remains an issue for dairy farmers who are very
active in the market.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

US to strengthen farming business in Pakistan

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 27 -- Sixty-four specialists from the ministries of agriculture
from Khyber Pukhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh,
and Balochistan have completed a 10-day course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the US. The participants will help farmers
increase their profits by approaching farming as a businessfarmers will be able
to identify higher-value crops and access new markets and customers. The US for
International Development (USAID) organised this training session to help
increase profits through better product quality and water management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said, "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits. The United States is committed to
helping Pakistan modernise its agriculture sector so that farmers can improve
their livelihoods." After the workshop, an agricultural specialist from AJK
Amina Rafi added "Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am
glad that this training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK
improve their businesses." staff report Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          December 31, 2003, Wednesday

US BSE OUTBREAK 'TRACED TO CANADA'

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 384 words


INVESTIGATORS tentatively traced the first US case of "mad cow disease" to
Canada, which could help determine the scope of the outbreak and might even
limit the economic damage to the country's beef industry.

In addition, some calves in a quarantined herd of 400 that included a male
offspring of the sick cow will be destroyed, the US Agriculture Department has
said.

The herd was at a farm in Sunnyside, Washington.

Dr Ron DeHaven, the Agriculture Department's chief veterinarian, said that
Canadian officials provided records indicating the sick Holstein dairy cow was
in a herd of 74 cattle shipped from Alberta, Canada, in August 2001.

"These animals were all dairy cattle and entered the US only about two or
two-and-a-half years ago, so most of them are still likely alive," Mr DeHaven
said.

The sick cow's presence in that herd does not mean all 74 animals are infected,
he said.

Investigators will probably find where the other 73 animals are within a matter
of days.

Finding them will help investigators determine if any other animals are sick and
need to be tested.

In May, Canada found a lone cow with the disease in Alberta but has not been
able to determine the source of infection.

If US and Canadian officials confirm that the sick cow in Washington state came
from Canada, US farmers hope it will save the export market for the beef
industry because the US could keep its disease-free status and continue trade.

The National Cattlemen's Beef Association in Denver said the indication that the
infected cow was from Canada means US trading partners should reopen their
borders to US beef.

The farm organisation said a beef export monitoring programme would allow
importers to separate beef of Canadian origin if they feel additional
precautions are needed.

More than two dozen countries banned US beef this week. The US lost 90% of its
beef export market, industry officials said.

o CANADA has announced its intention to introduce a ban on the use of Meat and
Bone Meal (MBM) in pig feeds.

The ban is one of the measures introduced to control BSE.

While the ban has not yet been ratified in national legislation, six out of the
nine largest pig abattoirs have made it clear that they intend to institute the
change from May 2004..

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                August 12, 2006

Drought puts state's crops in bad shape.

BYLINE: John Dobberstein

LENGTH: 651 words



HIGHLIGHT: cotton trade forecasted


Aug. 12--Oklahoma's cotton, sorghum and peanut crops will shrink dramatically
this year, the government predicted Friday, continuing the litany of bad news
for the state's farmers.

Oklahoma's cotton production may drop by 30 percent, with only 250,000 bales
expected at harvest, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's July
estimates.

"I hope we make that. We may not," said J.C. Banks, a professor and cotton
specialist for Oklahoma State University's Cooperative Extension service.

Record cotton harvests were recorded in 2004 and 2005 in Oklahoma. Last year's
harvest brought in 358,000 bales and $80 million.

The 2006 cotton crop was battered by searing heat and drought. Some dryland crop
areas in southwestern Oklahoma are seeing the worst drought on record, Banks
said.

On Tuesday, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration rated most of
Oklahoma in the "extreme" or "exceptional" drought category, with less-serious
drought conditions in the northeast and Panhandle regions.

Most cotton fields in eastern Tillman County are in the crop disaster category,
Banks said.

In the state's irrigation district for cotton, surrounding Lake Altus Lugert,
water has been severely rationed and producers may run out in a week or two,
Banks said. Irrigation wells in Harmon County are running dry, and irrigation
has stopped.

"That's really going to hurt our yield," Banks said. "This is a critical time
where we need to fill the cotton boles."

The only cotton in decent shape, Banks said, is in west-central Oklahoma, in
Caddo and Beckham counties, where more irrigation has been possible.

It's not just Oklahoma, Banks said. Georgia, Texas and Alabama combined will
produced 4.1 million fewer bales of cotton than last year. Nationally, the
cotton crop should be 20.4 million bales, down 14 percent from last year's
record 23.9 million bales, the USDA said.

Sorghum production in Oklahoma could fall 20 percent from last year's crop, with
9.8 million bushels expected in 2006. That would be a drop of one-third from
2004's harvest of 14.4 million bushels.

The soybean harvest will also be smaller, with 5.7 million bushels expected this
year -- down nearly 28 percent from 2005. Nationally, soybean production is
forecast at 2.93 billion bushels, down 5 percent.

Oklahoma's peanut crop, already dwindling because of changes in federal
programs, will take another big hit.

The USDA predicts a harvest of 72 million pounds, a 31 percent decrease from
2005 and the lowest amount since 1956. About 24,000 acres will be harvested, the
lowest total since 1930.

Oklahoma's share of the peanut crop is small compared to states like Georgia,
which could harvest 1.4 billion pounds of peanuts this year. But Georgia, Texas,
Alabama and Florida also face big reductions in peanut yields. The national crop
could be one-third smaller this year than in 2005.

The alfalfa hay crop in Oklahoma could be 23 percent smaller in 2006, and
production of all other hay should be down nearly 17 percent.

The corn forecast for Oklahoma is better, with 28.6 million bushels expected --
only 150,000 bushels less than last year.

The outlook has improved for meat. Analysts raised forecasts for beef and
chicken production, as well as price forecasts for cattle, chickens and hogs.

The pace of beef exports has picked up, with strong sales to Canada and Mexico.
Recovery of the Japanese market, closed to the U.S. until recently over fears of
mad cow disease, will occur gradually, analysts said.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

To see more of the Tulsa World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tulsaworld.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Tulsa World, Okla.

Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5260329

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 2, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Farmers Cultivating Suburban Neighbors

BYLINE: By The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 21; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: WOODBINE, Md.


As the suburban frontier seeps across the countryside, officials here in Howard
County are trying to convince farmers that their new neighbors are an untapped
market rather than the ushers of doom.

Phil Gottwals, the county's agriculture marketer, wants farmers to see the
purchasing potential of the new residents, in the county of 260,000 people
between Baltimore and Washington.

"It's the best thing that can happen to you, because your market just came
here," Mr. Gottwals recently said of the farmers. Instead of growing soybeans or
hay, which he said took hundreds of acres and a strong commodities market for a
profit, farmers should turn to produce.

Mr. Gottwals, who was hired six months ago as the county's first agriculture
marketer, says that farmers can make more money on much less acreage by growing
tomatoes, peppers, lettuce and a variety of berries as well as less familiar
like Jamaican black beans and lemon grass.

He also encourages them to sell directly to stores, restaurants and individuals
and to start "pick your own" farms.

Mr. Gottwals is preaching a new way of life for farmers, asking those who savor
the isolation of the fields to deal with strangers, handle telephone calls from
desperate restaurants late at night and perhaps even run educational tours.

As Denise Sharp, part owner of a pick-your-own fruit-and-vegetable farm, put it:
"It's like living in a state park. In season you're open seven days a week
usually long hours -- 7 in the morning and until the market closes."

Mr. Gottwals is one of a handful of agriculture marketers on the East Coast
trying to persuade farmers to cultivate local sales rather than depending upon
the whims of the Midwest-dominated commodities market. This trend to what is
known as metropolitan farming on the East Coast is being tracked by Duncan
Hilchey, an agriculture development specialist for Cornell University's farming
alternatives program in the department of rural sociology.

Until six months ago, Howard County had been content with a program in which it
has committed $100 million over the past 19 years to preserve 17,000 acres for
agriculture. Under this plan, the county paid farmers the market value of their
acreage to maintain it for agricultural use for perpetuity, though the land
could be taken out of production. Purchasers of the property have to abide by
the agreement. Money for the program came from a special real estate development
tax.

But the 17,000 acres represent only 40 percent of the agricultural land in the
county, and the preservation plan does not insulate farmers from development
pressures, like those from the county's largest city, Columbia, a planned
community that now has 85,000 residents.

Donna Mennitto, the administrator of the county's agricultural land preservation
program, said the county wants to insure that agriculture becomes more than a
bucolic backdrop to attract high-tech businesses to the county, "Agriculture
preservation just preserves the farmland not the farmer," Ms. Mennitto said.

Residential and business development has contributed to the loss of 3,300 farms
in Maryland over the last 10 years, to 13,700 in 1996. The United States
Department of Agriculture reports that in the same period, New York lost 7,000
of 43,000 farms and Connecticut lost 300 of 4,100 farms. The number of farms in
New Jersey actually rose by 400, to 9,200.

Profits from metropolitan farming can ease the pressures on farmers to turn a
quick profit on the sale of their land to developers. With this type of farming,
growers can operate like business suppliers, Mr. Hilchey said. They can develop
markets, often catering to the culinary tastes of neighboring communities, he
said, either by setting up a farmer's market or allowing neighbors to invest
money for part of the farm's produce. Direct marketing also allows farmers extra
profits for acting as the distributor.

Mr. Gottwals cites the case of Giant Food as an example of how farmers can take
advantage of local markets. Giant, the state's largest supermarket chain,
initiated a program three years ago to find local farmers as suppliers. Since
the program's inception, Giant has gone from working with 11 local farmers to
100 growers, whose fields are not more than 200 miles from a store.

Mr. Gottwals draws inspiration from local pioneers in metropolitan farming.

Farmers since 1963, Fenby Moore and his sister, Lynn, with 250 acres, own one of
the larger farms in Howard County, and they have dedicated their acreage to a
pick-your-own fruit-and-vegetable business.

"You have a tremendous, large community base here with a heightened awareness of
eating properly with more fresh fruits and vegetables and you have great
farmland here," Ms. Moore said. "What could be a better combination?"

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            January 8, 1988, Friday

GUANGDONG OFFICIAL PREDICTS SUGAR SHORTAGE WILL WORSEN

BYLINE: NOEL FLETCHER; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: BEIJING


The current nationwide sugar shortage may worsen this year, an official from
China's largest sugarcane-producing area says.

Sugar and pork, China's most popular meat, have been rationed for a month in n
effort to stabilize prices and supplies.

Although China is a producer of sugarcane and sugar beets, it already imports -
mainly from Australia, Thailand and Cuba - to meet ever-growing domestic demand.

A new player was the United States, which sold 146,000 tons of raw cane sugar at
a price lower than the world market, prompting charges of dumping by some
others. The U.S. Department of Agriculture insisted it isn't trying to corner
the market.

Ling Botang, deputy governor of southern Guangdong province, says it will begin
to offer subsidies this year to spur cane cultivation after two successive years
of reduced output.

Starting this month, farmers will receive subsidies equivalent to US$ 2.70 a ton
on sugarcane sold to the government, Mr. Ling said. Refineries will get just
under US$ 3 a ton on sales to the government.

Mr. Ling believes Guangdong's sugarcane production for calendar 1987 will come
out at 14.4 million tons. That would be 1.9 million tons less than 1986 and 5.8
million tons below 1985.

A reduction in cultivated land is a primary cause of the shortfall, he said.
Guangdong had 100,000 acres less sown to sugarcane last year than in 1986,
leaving its total cane area at 568,000 acres.

Land for sugar beets and sugarcane also is dwindling in neighboring Fujian
province on the southeastern coast and in northeastern Jilin and Heilongjiang
provinces.

Farmers find producing sugar less profitable than breeding fish and growing
fruit and grain. This is in part a result of the government's shift toward a
market economy, allowing people to grow and sell cash crops.

Mr. Ling attacked the "unreasonable" prices offered for sugarcane to farmers in
Guangdong, saying those payments have remained stable for several years while
costs of production materials have risen.

China maintains state plans for sugar production. As a result, 110 pounds of
sugarcane in Guangdong costs less than the same amount of firewood, he said.
Consequently, farmers are suffering losses and being tempted to other crops.

The Ministry of Finance began offering subsidies last October to encourage sugar
production and ease shortages in non-producing areas.

Under the program - scheduled to end next September - the ministry provides US$
16 for each ton of sugar a refinery sells to the government. The Guangdong
subsidy apparently supplements the allocation from the Ministry of Finance.

Some factories, however, say they are now having problems with losses. They
arise from subsidizing farmers through increased prices for sugarcane and sugar
beets.

China imported 1.2 million metric tons of sugar from Australia and Thailand in
the first nine months of last year, plus unspecified amounts from Cuba.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 9, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Hogs and Pork Bellies Show a Sharp Increase

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 424 words


Live hogs and frozen pork belly futures prices rallied yesterday on the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange while cattle futures declined.  Live hogs for delivery in
May and July of next year fell by the 2-cent daily limit in early trading but
gained back the losses and settled with 2-cent gains in ''tumultuous'' trading,
said John Ginzel, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Drexel Burnham Lambert
Inc.

Live hogs for delivery in October and frozen pork bellies for delivery in
February settled at new highs.  Cattle prices, meanwhile, were weaker, with
influence coming from lower cash prices for carcass beef, Mr. Ginzel said.  Live
cattle were 0.10 cent to 0.67 cent lower with the contract for delivery in
October at 61.50 cents a pound; feeder cattle were 0.05 cent to 0.70 cent lower
with September at 68.90 cents a pound; live hogs were 0.30 cent lower to 1.28
cents higher with October at 64.75 cents a pound, and frozen pork bellies were
0.50 cent to 2 cents higher with February at 90.75 cents a pound.

Grain and soybean futures prices closed mixed in light trading on the Chicago
Board of Trade.  Most traders were said to be evening up their contract
positions prior to the release after the close of trading of an updated harvest
forecast from the well-known crop forecaster Conrad Leslie of Chicago.

Mr. Leslie predicted that the United States corn harvest would be 8.365 billion
bushels, and the soybean harvest would be 2.332 billion bushels. Both estimates
were slightly higher than the August forecast released by the Department of
Agriculture, which sent grain prices plummeting last month.

In wheat trading yesterday, prices were higher in early trading, with support
said to be coming from increases in demand for exports and concern about the
Australian wheat crop, which is in need of rainfall.

Corn and soybeans for delivery in September fell to new life-ofcontract lows.
Wheat settled 1/4 cent to 1 cent higher with the contract for delivery in
September at $3.30 a bushel; corn was 3/4 cent to 4 1/2 cents lower with the
contract for delivery in September at $2.18 1/2 a bushel; oats were 1 cent lower
to 1 cent higher with September at $1.48 3/4 a bushel, and soybeans were 1 3/4
cent lower to 1 cent higher with September at $5.38 3/4 a bushel.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Good prospects for grain but US affects price

BYLINE: Commodities Jake Mitchell

SECTION: MARKET WRAP; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 396 words


It is shaping up as an above-average year for Australian wheat production after
favourable conditions over the past few weeks, but unfortunately for local
farmers the story is similar in the United States. Fears about wet and frosty
American conditions helped to support grain prices in May, but a window of good
weather has allowed farmers to make strong progress in planting wheat and corn.
US corn generally drives global grain prices.

"Some of the worst weather fears out of the US have started to dissipate over
the past few weeks," said Commonwealth Bank of Australia agricultural commodity
strategist Luke Mathews. "We have seen a significant improvement in [the]
corn-planting progress."

The market is looking to the World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates
report due out on Wednesday for updated United States Department of Agriculture
production forecasts, and the global grain outlook going forward.

As of last week about 91 per cent of the US corn crop had been planted, which is
slightly behind the five-year average of 95 per cent completion by early June.
CBA has tipped local wheat Â­production in 2013-14 to be just under 25 million
tonnes.

This is an improvement of 2.8 million tonnes year-on-year, and above the
five-year average of 24.5 million tonnes. Most of this crop will be harvested in
November and December.

Desperately needed rainfall across most of Australia's grain belt in May, has
allowed farmers to assume seeding and provided an improved outlook for grain and
oil-seed production.

"Production prospects currently look sound," Mr Mathews said. "The majority of
the crop has been planted and what hasn't been planted looks as though it will
go into the ground under favourable conditions."

Increased Western Australian output is expected to make a strong contribution to
Australian production.

Market Check grain economist Â­Carolina Morison said while US production
significantly affected the prices Australian wheat farmers could attain, local
factors were also important.

Tight wheat stocks from last year's crop are supporting local prices, Ms Morison
said.

"Obviously the offshore market is extremely important for us, but at the moment
we have our conditions also affecting the domestic market," she said.

The top five destinations for AustraÂ­lian wheat are all in Asia, while the US
supplies South America and Europe in a significant capacity.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      April 3, 1983, Sunday, Final Edition

More Farmers Taking the Organic Route

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; H1

LENGTH: 782 words


Delmar Akerland worried a long time about the dead songbirds along his fence
rows before he decided to adopt organic farming methods..

Worried about his costs and what he was doing to his land and wildlife, Akerland
finally decided to farm differently. Without much sense of the many problems he
would face he abruptly took his Nebraska farm off its diet of chemical
fertilizers and pesticides in 1967.

It wasn't easy, but in 15 years Akerland's 760-acre spread near Valley, Neb.,
has become a showcase of commercial farming by nonchemical methods. Visitors
from all over the world are drawn to the place by the idea of growing food on a
large scale without the costly fertilizer, pesticide and fuel expenses that
characterize most of contemporary American agriculture.

One reason they seek out Akerland is that the traditional sources of farming
research data and guidance, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the state
extension services, can't offer much advice on alternative farming.

No one is calling it a groundswell, yet, but economically-pressed farmers are
showing more interest these days in producing food on a large scale in less
expensive, more soil-conserving ways. Akerland's approach is one of those ways.

When the USDA published a report on organic farming in 1980, it received about
40,000 requests for copies. The department's organic specialist handled an
estimated 2,000 individual requests for more information in two years. Half of
the hundreds of farmers who attended Nebraska's alternative-agriculture day last
year were conventional farmers seeking more information.

To fill that information gap, Akerland and other farmers have formed a new
research organization, the first of its kind on a nationwide scale, to
helpothers avoid the trial-and-error method of nonchemical farming.

The executive director of the new Institute for Alternative Agriculture, based
in Greenbelt, Md., is I. Garth Youngberg, who was the USDA's only full-time
organic farming specialist until his job was abolished last year.

That action,, ostensibly for budget reasons, came at a time when Congress and
the administration were at loggerheads over legislation to establish a small
USDA program of research into techniques known variously as organic,
regenerative and alternative farming.

The bill, proposed by Rep. James H. Weaver (D-Ore.), was defeated on the House
floor after the USDA and Republican loyalists complained that the program would
duplicate current research and would be too costly. Weaver and his allies intend
to reintroduce the bill this year.

Last year's flap drew new attention to organic farming and its stepchild
treatment in traditional research channels. Witnesses before Weaver's
subcommittee talked about their inability to get the kind of guidance they need.
They talked about the economies they have achieved, the quality of food they
have produced, the need to do things differently.

Meanwhile, the institute in Greenbelt isn't waiting for help from Congress or
the USDA. With some private and foundation grants as seed money, Youngberg and
the board of directors, which includes Akerland and other organic farmers, are
laying plans to make research grants, publish information and stimulate interest
in farming with as few chemicals as possible.

"Yes, the image has been a problem for organic farmers," Youngberg admits. "We
chose the word 'alternative' deliberately . . . so we could embrace and relate
to the whole agricultural spectrum in the United States.

"We have no intention of being combative," he said. "We hope USDA will see us as
a resource, maybe even work with us, so we can help by communicating to farmers
the things that are relevant to organic or alternative agriculture."

Once the institute gets rolling, Youngberg envisions a team of researchers
working as "an alternative agriculture think tank . . . looking at the
implications of farm policies in this country, the impact and restraints on
organic farmers by today's tax, credit, energy, trade and commodities policies."

The institute also intends to try to dispel the popular image of the organic
farmer as a freakish health-food nut who is trying to check out of the 20th
century.

"Organic farmers today--and we think there are between 20,000 and 30,000 of
them--use traditional rotation techniques, without chemicals, but they are in no
sense old-time farmers. They are very sophisticated, using modern machinery,
different legumes and corn and wheat varieties, different tilling methods,"
Youngberg said. "What they are not getting from USDA are ways of improving these
systems. This is not a nonscientific movement. These farmers want and need
science."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 30, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Nuclear Accident News Spurs Farm Products

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 293 words


Speculation that radiation from the Soviet nuclear accident may have damaged
Russian farms sent grain, soybean and livestock prices soaring on United States
futures exchanges.

However, a senior United States Government meteorologist, Norton D. Strommen,
said the wind since the time of the accident on Saturday had mostly been blowing
into the northwest, away from the major winter wheat area. ''At this time,
certainly the plume has had a minimal impact'' on Soviet crops, he said.

Ed Cook, an Agriculture Department economist, said the radioactive plume from
the accident mainly blew over Byelorussia and the Baltic states. This area, he
said, grows mainly rye and spring barley for animal feed, sugar beets, some
spring wheat and animal forage.

It also produces 13 percent of the Soviet Union's milk and 11 to 12 percent of
its meat. Wheat advanced the 20-cent-a-bushel limit allowed for daily trading
and corn was up its 10 cent-a-bushel limit.

Prices broke off those highs, however, when farmers began selling their grain
because of the sharp run-up caused by the Russian scare, Victor Lespinasse, an
analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., said.

Most deliveries of live cattle, feeder cattle and live hogs at the Chicago
Mercantile were higher by the 1 1/2-cent-a-pound limit. Frozen pork bellies were
up by their 2-cent-a-pound limit.

Denmark and Poland ship a lot of hams to the United States, Tom O'Hare, an
analyst in New York with Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company, said. There are
some reports, he said, that parts of Poland have stopped slaughtering animals
because of the accident. Petroleum futures prices were mostly lower on the New
York Mercantile Exchange.

Precious metals were higher on the Commodity Exchange in New York.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           November 1, 2003, Saturday

LABEL PLAN BIG BLOW FOR UNITED STATES

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 516 words


A NEW cost-benefit analysis of the mandatory country-of-origin labeling (MCOOL)
law released by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), fully
supported the view that there was no evidence that it would benefit pork
producers, meat packers, retailers or consumers, said National Pork Producers'
Council (NPPC) president, Jon Caspers.

"This much-anticipated USDA analysis indicates that in the first year alone
following implementation of MCOOL, the covered commodities could see costs of up
to nearly $ 4 billion (pounds 2.36 billion)," said Mr Caspers.

"It is difficult to understand why anyone would support such a costly and
burdensome rule that offers virtually no benefit to the nation's 1.5 million
farmers, firms and retail establishments that it will impact."

The cost-benefit analysis is a US Government system of calculating costs to
businesses whenever new Government regulations are created.

The analysis is designed to measure the desirability of government programs by
weighing both the long-term and short-term benefits of a program against the
long-term and short-term costs of a program.

According to Mr Caspers, the USDA analysis validates producer concerns that
consumers are not willing to pay a price premium for products bearing US origin
labels and, therefore, higher prices will not be generated for pork products
covering the costs of MCOOL.

"If there was a consumer demand for country-of-origin labeling, the market would
have demanded it years ago," he said.

"The lack of participation by any suppliers in other government labeling
programs clearly indicates, however, that consumers simply don't have a strong
preference for the labels."

Mr Caspers says USDA's cost-benefit clearly states that MCOOL does not provide
valid information to give consumers information on food safety.

"This law doesn't impact any of the food safety laws currently in place,
therefore consumers would not be provided with additional food safety
assurances."

In addition, Mr Caspers said MCOOL was a trade protectionist measure and had the
potential to drastically affect international trade.

"Some of the US pork industry's major trading partners have already indicated
that they will file challenges under the World Trade Organization's (WTO) trade
agreements and could retaliate if MCOOL is implemented," he said.

"In today's global marketplace, where pork producers have just come out from
under 18 months of straight losses, we cannot afford to lose even a small
percentage of the exports that provide significant value to the US pork
industry."

l A NEW report points to further infertility worries on pig farms in England and
Wales.

The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is conducting a survey to
establish if the causes of the current bout of infertility is due to a new
disease syndrome or linked to similar problems which arose in 2002.

Some producers have seen infertility levels above 15 per cent and extreme cases
recorded at 50 per cent.

Twenty herds will now be targeted in this survey.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            April 18, 2002, Thursday

Dairy farms' energy use compares well

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 15; FARMING

LENGTH: 307 words


New Zealand dairy farms use less energy than dairy farms overseas, a Ministry of
Agriculture and Forestry commissioned study shows.

This is despite the fact energy use has doubled on New Zealand dairy farms over
the last 20 years.

The study, prepared by the late Dr Colin Wells of the University of Otago, is
based on data from 150 dairy farms, irrigated and non- irrigated, throughout the
country.

MAF director of policy information and regions Alan Walker said the main cause
of increased energy use was the growing use of nitrogen fertilisers, and the
amount of energy needed for their manufacture.

He said, however, that the high power requirement for spray irrigation was
emerging as a potential sustainability issue.

Some dairy farmers are big power users.

The biggest in Canterbury with deep wells have a power requirement equivalent to
a small town, and new power lines have been needed.

Mr Walker said the energy ratio used for comparison is the OER, which is a ratio
of the total primary energy input per kilogram of milksolids to the calorific
energy output of those milksolids.

New Zealand's OER is 0.59 compared to an estimate of 2.8 in the United States,
and 0.67 to 2.4 in Europe.

Mr Walker said individual New Zealand farms, particularly those with pumped
irrigation or high nitrogen applications, may have higher OERs than some
conventional and organic farms in Europe.

He said a positive aspect of the report was that it identified areas where
energy efficiency could be improved.

"Paramount among these is taking opportunities to improve fertiliser management
and, in particular, judicious use of urea because of its high energy content."

He said best water management practices on irrigated farms, especially those
with high- pressure overhead spray systems, could reduce direct energy use.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Fairfax New Zealand


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           February 1, 2003, Saturday

US BEEF FIGURES IMPROVE

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 234 words


NEAR-RECORD beef production, a falling cattle inventory, and lower cattle on
feed numbers characterised the United States beef industry in 2002.

Last year, the US produced 12.283 million tonnes of beef, up two per cent
compared with 2001, and the second highest annual production in more than a
decade (the highest was 12.146m tonnes in 2000).

The United States Department of Agriculture expects US beef production to fall
five per cent, to 11.65m tonnes this year, while Steiner Consulting Group is
forecasting a 2.9 per cent fall.

The high production was assisted by the drought-induced turnoff of additional
heifers, which caused a decline in total cattle numbers for the seventh
consecutive year.

As at January 1 this year, the US cattle inventory was 96.4m head, down 0.3 per
cent from the 96.7m in 2002. The US cattle herd is expected to begin rebuilding
this year, providing weather conditions continue to improve.

The strong demand for beef in the US during 2002 buoyed meat prices in spite of
the large beef, pork and poultry supplies. Per capita beef spending reached a
record high in 2002, up (US$ ) 11 (pounds 6.93) to (US$ ) 210 (pounds 132.30)
per capita.

Most analysts are expecting a sharp rise in US meat prices this year, fuelled by
lower beef supplies, a restoration of poultry exports to Russia, high feed grain
costs and a recovery in export demand.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 12, 1995, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Cropwatchers buy on rumor, and news too

BYLINE: Scott Haggett

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTING; Pg. 32, Open Interest

LENGTH: 631 words


Agricultural markets put a new spin on the old adage ''buy on rumor, sell on
news,'' yesterday. Having already bought on rumors U.S. agricultural production
would be severely harmed by recent bad weather, they also bought when the
government agency responsible for forecasting these things confirmed that was
indeed the case.

The latest figures released by the U.S. Department of Agriculture sent traders
into a buying frenzy as they competed for their piece of the shrinking crop.

The excitement began on Tuesday as suspicions grew that the forecast would be
bullish, particularly for corn, the price of which reached a seven-year high.

The market had been expecting the USDA to tell it the corn harvest would be down
by just over 2%. Instead it forecast a drop of 4%. U.S. farmers are expected to
harvest 17.39 million tonnes of corn. One month ago the estimate was 18.55
million tonnes.

The agency said yesterday that the U.S. soybean crop, at 5.99 million tonnes,
would be one-third smaller than September's forecast of 8.99 million tonnes, a
4% reduction when the market expected a drop of less than 1%.

The size of the U.S. wheat crop was also downgraded yesterday. It went to 10.75
million tonnes from last month's anticipated 11.63 million tonnes.

The sheer scale of the reduction, especially in corn and soybeans, was almost
shocking. The markets opened higher in all three commodities following the
morning announcement. Soybeans for November delivery opened US16 cents a bushel
higher than Tuesday's US$6.48 close.

The news that crops would be smaller wasn't exactly a surprise. September
weather in U.S. growing regions was some of the worst on record.

An early frost damaged immature soybean and corn crops in the field. What no one
knew was just how hard that frost hit.

''I don't think anyone expected this,'' said Joe Victor, a grains analyst at
Allendale Inc. in Crystal Lake, Ill.

''The trade missed the reduction in bean end stocks, that's what really got
everyone excited.''

For Victor, the soybean estimates provided a welcome boost for a market that has
been sleepy most of the year.

While corn and wheat contracts surged higher or lower as different estimates hit
the market, the soy complex has been quiet.

The only news that provided any excitement was last month's frost report, which
helped push the price up.

''The bean complex finally got the attention at the (Chicago) Board of Trade,''
he said.

''Every commodity other than beans got a good rally this year. Now there's a bit
of a floor under the bean market too.''

Dave Armstrong, a grains analyst at Chicago Corp., said the number of weather
scares the market endured in the growing season had toughened it into believing
the crop numbers would be better than reported, simply because that was the
pattern for the rest of the year.

''The soybeans number came as a big surprise to me,'' he said.

After the hot weather in August, expectations got pretty low. ''That didn't
affect yields so everyone got cranked up and didn't expect much'' change in
yesterday's numbers.

While the USDA report helped grains and oilseeds markets open sharply higher, it
didn't take long for traders to figure out they had perhaps overshot the mark
and begin selling.

November soybeans hung on to US10.25 cents of their initial gain, closing at
US$6.5925 and nearing the contract-high close of US$6.6375, set during last
month's frost scare.

The December wheat contract got as high as US6 cents above Tuesday's close of
US$4.8375 but dropped over the course of the session to US$4.8275, a US1 cents
fall.

The December corn contract also failed to hold its morning highs but managed a
strong gain nonetheless. It closed up US5 cents at US$3.2275.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                            June 11, 1992, Thursday

Ministry Unveils Major Farm Reforms;
ternationally competitive and attractive to young people.

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 612 words


The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry unveiled a series of
far-reaching reforms Wednesday for Japan's farming industry to make it more

The reforms, outlining what could map out the country's agricultural policies
for the 21st century, emphasize increasing productivity through consolidating
into large-scale agro-businesses and producing market-sensitive agricultural
goods.

As a policy goal, the ministry said it wants the average full-time rice farmer
to tend 10 to 20 hectares by the year 2000, or fields 15 to 30 times larger than
the current average.

Such economies of scale, according to ministry's estimates, should reduce
production costs to 50 to 60 percent of what they are today.

The ministry drew up the proposals as the country continues to come under
political bombardment from abroad--especially the United States--to open its
domestic market to foreign rice, a politically sensitive issue that has kept the
existing ban firmly in place.

The agriculture industry, whose share of gross national product has been
steadily declining, faces its own internal problems--a declining number of
school graduates taking over family farms. There are currently about 3.83
million farming households in Japan, including part-time farmers. In 1990, only
1,800 graduates became farmers.

To rectify the situation, the ministry said it will implement comprehensive
measures to help average farmers earn a life-time income of 200 million yen to
250 million yen by working 1,800 to 2,000 hours annually. The proposed earnings
and work load would be identical to those of non-farming industries.

The ministry will urge that full-time farmers expand production and that
farmers, living in locations where economies of scale are hard to attain, merge
with others in the community or neighboring areas.

If all goes according to plan, the country's overall agriculture industry will
be composed of 350,000 to 400,000 family-based full-time farming households in
the year 2000 and about 40,000 to 50,000 community-wide joint organizations,
according to the ministry's long-term policy target.

Of the two categories, about 150,000 households and 20,000 organizations are
expected to engage mostly in the production of rice, accounting for about 80
percent of the country's total rice production at the turn of the century, the
ministry said.

Overall, the ministry envisions the number of farming households to decline to
between 2.5 million and 3 million by the year 2000.

Industry observers commented that all the policy targets appeared realistic, but
the ministry failed to mention specific steps to realize the goals.

They said the omission of concrete steps reflected the fact that the Uruguay
Round of GATT multilateral trade negotiations were still going on. The talks
hope to make cross-border trade--including that of rice--far less restrictive.

A delay in the negotiations has undoubtedly limited the ministry's policy
options, observers said.

In a related development, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Masami
Tanabu told reporters the new proposals are unrelated to the ongoing Uruguay
Round talks.

Sources close to the ministry said it decided in the spring of 1991 to compile a
new series of agricultural reforms over the course of a year on the assumption
the Uruguay Round would have been ended.

Touching on the government's traditional practice of setting rice producers'
prices under the Staple Food Control Law, a ministry report released with the
proposals stated the government should, in the future, take into account
production costs of highly productive rice growers in determining annual prices.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1992 The Daily Yomiuri


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                          December 21, 2000, Thursday

Merger decision expected this week

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 18; FARMING

LENGTH: 425 words


WELLINGTON -- Dairy industry giants New Zealand Dairy Group and Kiwi
Co-operative Dairies are expected to announce any day an agreement to merge.

The announcement will come after years of argument over industry restructuring,
but will coincide with increased pressure from the European Union, as well as
the United States, for New Zealand to change the Dairy Board's status as a
"State trading enterprise".

Industry leaders, including the chairman and chief executive of NZDG, Henry Van
Der Heyden and John Spencer, and their Kiwi counterparts, Greg Gent and Craig
Norgate, met Agriculture Minister Jim Sutton this week.

Mr Sutton declined comment on the talks, but has previously expressed
willingness to make any legislative changes needed for restructuring in line
with the wishes of dairy farmers.

He made his offer nine months ago after the two big companies failed to agree on
a cornerstone merger of their operations, needed before the Dairy Board would be
absorbed into a new national dairy company.

Because that cornerstone was not in place, with Commerce Commission approval, a
clause providing for deregulation of the Dairy Board in dairy legislation
expired on September 1. In a draft decision on the industry's initial
application, the commission had declined the merger because the detriment to
farmers of having only one company to supply had outweighed the benefits of the
deal.

The next application to the commission would need to make a better case for the
advantages to farmers, and the country, of creating a company that would be able
to compete in consolidating international markets.

Farmers have said Dairy Board chairman Graham Fraser has talked of a merger
announcement by Christmas, and Federated Farmers dairy leader Charlie Pedersen
-- who has made similar comments -- has confirmed he expects a decision any
moment.

Farmers have consistently called for a mega-merger of manufacturing companies
with the industry's marketing arm, which the Dairy Board has predicted will
increase export dairy sales from $ 7.7 billion to $ 30 billion by 2010.

The first study suggesting the integration of manufacturing and marketing would
deliver such benefits was done in 1995. It showed that hundreds of millions of
dollars would be saved if the industry used the resources spread around the then
dozen or so manufacturing companies efficiently rather than competitively.

The minimum level of savings has since been estimated at $ 300 million a year.
--NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 9, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: UPPER WEST SIDE;
Urbanites Get Back to the Land (Dirty Fingernails Optional)

BYLINE: By SARAH KERSHAW

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 7;  Column 3;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 583 words


When Jean-Paul Courtens sent the first crops from his upstate farm into
Manhattan, he knew consumers would go crazy for his tomatoes, strawberries,
turnips and peas. But when he started talking about turning New Yorkers into
farmers, people told him he was nuts.

"The city? Those people could never have a relationship with the land," other
farmers told Mr. Courtens, who has been growing fruits and vegetables in
Columbia County since 1987.

Of course, the urbanites did not become typical farmers. They can be seen
gathering the crops in pantyhose and heels, on Roller Blades, while making play
dates, toting the harvest off in crinkled Weber's, Zabar's and D'Agostino
shopping bags.

The harvest takes place every Thursday from June to November, when the 225 New
York City members of Roxbury Farm, a community-supported agriculture project
that started five years ago, pick up their share of the produce in the courtyard
of St. Paul and St. Andrew United Methodist Church on West End Avenue and 86th
Street.

City consumers are more grateful for fresh produce than others who may take it
for granted, said Mr. Courtens, who studied farming in his native Holland. "They
are so psyched about this."

The latest trend in organic farming, community-supported agriculture farms, take
food co-ops a step further: the members actually finance all operations of the
farm.

There are about 470 community-supported farms in the United States and Canada,
the Biodynamic Farming and Gardening Association said, but Roxbury, which is
just outside Hudson in Claverack, is the first mainly supported by New Yorkers.
One other farm from Columbia County, Hawthorne Valley, has a small New York City
membership.

All 450 Roxbury members -- half from the Albany area -- are asked to go to the
farm twice yearly to help plan the budget, review the crops and help make
decisions about managing the 100-acre farm.

Members pay $258 a year per share, which covers produce delivered weekly from
June to November and biweekly from November to February. They are invited, but
not obligated, to work with Mr. Courtens on the land one day a month but they
can help out any time.

Mr. Courtens, 34, moved to New York in 1987 and joined Hawthorne Valley Farm as
a vegetable grower. Three years later, he took over Roxbury, which was owned by
his wife's family.

He is a disciple of Rudolf Steiner, the Austrian scientist and philosopher who
developed a method of farming called biodynamics. It goes beyond organic
farming, aiming for self-sufficiency and environmental harmony. Mr. Courtens
produces his own hay, uses his cows' manure as fertilizer and tries to produce
his own seeds from the crops.

"Anything you bring to the land must act as a medication for the farm," Mr.
Courtens said.

Roxbury Farm has a waiting list for new members. But, as Mr. Courtens noted,
there are plenty of farmers without partners. "It all depends on whether people
are daring enough to go out and find a farmer and make it work out," he said.
   SARAH KERSHAW



A Weekly Harvest

For $258 a year, farm members get a weekly delivery of biodynamic produce June
through November. One recent share included: 12 ounces of salad mix, 8 ounces of
sugar snap peas, 1 head of lettuce, 1 bunch of turnips, 2 bunches of broccoli,
one handful each of sage, lemonbalm, mint and parsley and one box of
strawberries, and a weekly written newsletter by the farmer, Jean-Paul Courtens,
which sometimes includes a recipe.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jean-Paul Courtens turns city dwellers into farmers, of sorts.
(Linda Rosier for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Delhi News-Record

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Dahlia operation niche farming at its finest; Creekside Growers aims to dominate
market

BYLINE: Monte Sonnenberg, Delhi News-Record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 602  words


Thousands of brides in Canada and the United States can thank Nick and Hilary
VanderHeide of Hartford for making their special day extra beautiful.

In seven short years, the couple has established themselves as one of the top
producers of dahlias in Ontario. By 2020, the owners of Creekside Growers on
Norfolk Road 19 hope to be the largest producers in Canada.

Creekside Growers stole a march on the competition recently when VanderHeide
revolutionized the way he plants his crop. He modified a cultivator so that it
digs a trench, loosens the soil, hills over the tuber root when planted, and
applies driptape irrigation.

By doing all this in one pass, Creekside Growers has greatly reduced its costs
while boosting productivity.

"We save a ton of money on labour," VanderHeide says. "That part of planting and
putting out drip line - I bet it cut our labour costs two-thirds.

"And we have a 20 per cent increase in production due to correct bulb depth and
the accuracy of nutrient and water placement. There is no wasted water and no
wasted fertilizer."

Innovation like this attracts the attention of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food
&; Rural Affairs. For these insights and results, the ministry recently
recognized Creekside Growers with a 2016 Premier's Award for Agri-Food
Innovation Excellence.

Nick and Hilary VanderHeide are proof that you don't need a background in
agriculture to succeed at farming. What counts is a love of the land, a desire
to grow things, a good plan and the smarts to execute it.

For her part, Hilary is a university graduate with a bachelor of education
degree. She grew up on a hobby farm in Niagara-onthe-Lake.

Nick grew up in Sarnia and was running a home renovation business when the
couple decided to try their hand at farming. They acquired a 5.5-acre parcel
near Hartford and haven't looked back.

When Creekside Growers began in 2009, it was just Nick and Hilary. Today, the
couple employ 13 people during peak season and supply dahlias and peonies to a
market area that includes most of eastern Canada and the eastern United States
south to Kentucky.

At the outset, Creekside Growers tried growing many types of flowers. However,
the VanderHeides soon realized that the eclectic approach was too diverse and
required too many different growing techniques and marketing strategies.

They settled on dahlias - which comprise 65 per cent of their operation - and
peonies. They chose these flowers because they do best in moderate climates and
need cold winters.

Dahlias and peonies are premium flowers. They pay well if you grow them
properly. Because they've symbolized bonds of love and friendship since
Victorian times, dahlias are in high demand at weddings and wedding receptions.

Growing dahlias and peonies is not easy. They require a lot of attention.
Dahlias in particular are highly susceptible to insects and must be sprayed
twice a week.

As it stands, Creekside Growers and another grower in Flamborough are the two
largest producers of dahlias in Ontario. Both have a hard time keeping up with
demand.

The industry is expanding. In 2016, Creekside Growers had 18 kilometres of drip
tape. In 2017, this will grow to 30 kilometres.

A Premier's Award at this point will help the VanderHeides secure market share.
Creekside Growers does a lot of business on-line. Flashing a Premier's Award is
a seal of good house-keeping.

"It's nice to have something like this that lends legitimacy to your business,"
VanderHeide said. "Now, we're just not another online store. When you've been
recognized by the Ontario government, that gives you a lot of credibility."
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Contributed Photo; In seven short years, Nick and Hilary VanderHeide
have grown their floral operation near Wilsonville into one of Ontario's largest
producers of cut dahlias. With the VanderHeides are their children Lydia,
Elijah, Josiah, and Asher.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Delhi News-Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 26, 2004 Friday

Farm revenue climbs 6.4 per cent on higher production of crops

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER DONVILLE, Bloomberg News

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 298 words


Canadian farm revenue rose 6.4 per cent in the first nine months of 2004 on
higher production of crops including wheat and record subsidies, a government
survey shows.

Farmers and ranchers generated revenue of $26.1-billion, up from $24.5-billion a
year earlier, Statistics Canada said yesterday.

Revenue from field crops rose 13 per cent to $10.7-billion, and revenue from
livestock rose 1.6 per cent to $12.3-billion. Government financial support rose
4.2 per cent to a record $3.1-billion.

Improved crop sales partly reflect increased grain and oilseed harvests in 2003
after two years of drought, Statscan said. Revenue from cattle and calves fell
11 per cent to $3.4-billion, the least since 1995, reflecting the closing of the
U.S. border to Canadian cattle after the discovery of bovine spongiform
encephalopathy, or mad-cow disease, in a cow in Alberta in May, 2003.

"This is still an industry with a big-time revenue squeeze," Al Mussell, senior
research associate at the George Morris Centre, a Guelph, Ont.-based
agricultural think-tank, said before the figures were released.

"With costs rising, farmers are finding there's not enough revenue in the system
to support a reasonable standard of living."

While the United States eased its import ban to allow Canada to ship some beef,
efforts to resume cattle exports stalled after the United States found its own
case of the disease in a Washington state cow born in Alberta. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture is conducting a review that may lead to reopening the
border.

Revenue from hogs rose 21 per cent to a record $3.1-billion because of "robust
exports and strong consumer demand," Statscan said. Farmers exported 6.3 million
hogs in the first nine months, up 25 per cent from the same period in 2003,
Statscan said.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 1, 2002 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Farmers Put Down Roots in Brazilian Soil

BYLINE:   By SIMON ROMERO

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 960 words

DATELINE: LUIS EDUARDO MAGALHAES, Brazil


More than a century after his ancestors began farming in the Midwestern United
States, Dan Carroll's best hope of bringing his son into the family business is
to buy land in the savannas of Brazil.

Two months ago Mr. Carroll, of Carthage, Ill., bought a soybean farm on the
outskirts of this dusty town of pickup trucks and barbecue restaurants 350 miles
northeast of Brasilia. He joined more than a dozen other Americans who have
recently begun farming here.

"I have no doubt that Brazil is the future of global agriculture and I want my
son to be able to be part of that," Mr. Carroll, 46, said in an interview. "It's
prohibitively expensive for him to buy land in the States right now."

Recent arrivals like Mr. Carroll and his son, John, have brought the number of
American farmers in Brazil to more than 200, including a small Mennonite
community, according to AgBrazil, a company in Columbia, Mo., that brokers
Brazilian land deals.

Their numbers are expected to grow as Brazil's agricultural frontier expands.
The recent decline of Brazil's currency, the real, weakened much of the economy
but added value to export commodities, especially soybeans, in the last two
years.

Brazil's export surge is causing a sharp increase in the soybean crop across the
cerrado, a vast region of grasslands and savannas. Brazil has about four times
as much available farmland as the United States has, largely because of
improvements in soil fertility and the development of soybeans suitable to the
tropics.

The expansion of Brazil's agricultural frontier in the last two years is roughly
equal to Iowa's entire soybean acreage, according to the United States
Department of Agriculture's Brazil report, which was published in November.

"The guys who come down here now are awestruck," said Thomas Shanks, a farmer
from upstate New York who has been growing soybeans and corn in Brazil for the
last four years.

Mr. Shanks said he received phone calls from American farmers nearly every day
who were interested in buying farmland in Brazil.

Most are lured by relatively cheap land. Prices vary but cleared land in western
Bahia, the epicenter of the soybean boom, can be bought for about $700 an acre
compared with $3,850 in Illinois. There are few restrictions on foreign
ownership of land in Brazil.

"It's like getting a chance to open the Midwest to farming again," said Philip
F. Warnken, the president and chief executive of AgBrazil, which conducts tours
to the region each year. Farmers from Zimbabwe, Zambia and Canada have also
taken part in his tours.

Luis Eduardo Magalhaes has grown from a few hundred homes around a gas station
on the side of a highway a decade ago, into a community of about 35,000 people.
Sensing the importance of attracting investment, the town's businesses
spearheaded a movement to break away from the nearby city of Barreiras. They
succeeded two years ago and renamed the town.

"I don't care if they are Americans, Chinese, Africans, Argentines," Oziel
Oliveira, the town's first mayor, said over breakfast at his new two-story home.
"Anyone who wants to come here is welcome.".

He and his wife, Jusmari Oliveira, a state legislator, recently made a trip to
the United States to speak with Americans considering farming around the town.

Luis Eduardo has grown quickly, drawing thousands of migrants to work as
farmhands. Their district of town, made up of exposed cinderblock homes and bars
selling shots of sugar-cane rum, is called Iraq because of the lawlessness
there.

"Rent and just everything else is too expensive now," said Edson Carvalho, a
migrant who moved to Luis Eduardo from a poorer part of the state of Bahia.

Unlike the laborers who live in Iraq, almost everyone who owns a business or
farm descends from European or Japanese immigrants who settled decades ago in
southern Brazil. The first commercial farmers came nearly 20 years ago from the
southern state of Rio Grande do Sul.

Vilson Kublik, the manager of a bustling John Deere dealership here, said the
level of development in Luis Eduardo was good compared with the rest of Brazil.
"If they have a farm vehicle in United States, we'll sell the same one here," he
said.

In addition, American multinationals like Cargill and Bunge operate large
soybean crushing plants here.

Despite similarities with the United States, however, the integration of
American farmers is not without its problems. Few farmers speak fluent
Portuguese, preferring to have bilingual managers, and most Americans live only
part of the year in Brazil.

In addition, while the land may be cheap, transportation costs are not. Although
rail and river projects are under way, most farmers need to send their crops to
ports in trucks that barrel down pockmarked highways or dirt roads.

Still, the sheer availability of land appears to be on the side of farmers in
Brazil, which is larger than the contiguous 48 American states. While it is
second to the United States in soybean production, Brazil's output is growing
faster. It is expected to produce a record 49 million tons of soybeans this
harvest, up 13 percent from last year.

To the surprise of some Americans, the rapid expansion of Brazilian agriculture
is rooted in policies pursued by the United States to encourage meat production
overseas, partly to stimulate American soybean exports. Soybeans, which are high
in protein, are often used to feed chickens and pigs.

American researchers helped Brazil in the 1970's to improve soils in the
cerrado, helping transform what was once considered an inhospitable wasteland
into what are now seemingly endless plains of farms.

That assistance, said Richard A. Levins, professor of applied economics at the
University of Minnesota, has boomeranged, in a "jolt to our king-of-the-hill
mentality."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 8, 2002



CORRECTION: A picture last Sunday with an article about American farmers who are
buying farmland in Brazil, primarily to grow soybeans, was published in error.
It showed corn, which is also being grown increasingly there.

GRAPHIC: Photos: A sign in Bahia state points to Fazenda Texas, an
American-owned farm. Dan Carroll, left, an Illinois farmer who recently bought
land in Brazil, showed his crop to Philip F. Warnken, the president of
AgBrazil.; Thomas Shanks, from upstate New York, checks young soybean plants on
his 9,855-acre farm in the western part of Bahia state in Brazil. "The guys who
come down here now are awestruck," Mr. Shanks said. (Photographs by John Maier
for The New York Times) Map of Brazil highlighting Luis Eduardo Magalhaes:
Farming has fueled rapid growth in Luis Eduardo Magalhaes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Greybull Standard (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

Wyoming one of six states with growing farm numbers

BYLINE: Greybull Standard staff

LENGTH: 305  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics

Service (NASS) on Friday released the final 2012 Census of Agriculture results
sharing a wide-range of information about what agricultural products were raised
in the United States in 2012, and where, how and by whom they were grown. The
data, which is reported at the national, state and county level, will help
farmers, ranchers, local officials, agribusiness and others make decisions for
the future.

"The 2012 Census of Agriculture provides a wide range of demographic, economic,
land, and crop and livestock production information as well as first time or
expanded data," said Rhonda Brandt, Wyoming State Statistician. "Many of these
data about Wyoming and our counties are only collected and reported as part of
the every-five-year census."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture data show the following key trends for Wyoming.

Wyoming was one of only six states in the entire United States to increase in
both number of farms, 11,736 farms, and land in farms, 30.4 million acres
between 2007 to 2012.

The largest increases in the number of farms occurred in Laramie, Campbell, and
Sheridan Counties.

At 52%, cattle ranches were the largest type of farm in Wyoming, but there were
also 51 farms that grew potatoes, 43 fruit orchards, and 15 berry farms in 2012.

In 2012, 768 Wyoming farms had renewable energy systems producing energy on
their farms, of which solar panels and wind turbines were the most prevalent.

Fremont County had the largest number of farms selling their goods directly to
consumers for human consumption, with 101 farms selling $596,000 worth of crop
and livestock products in 2012.

Albany, Campbell, Carbon, Johnson and Teton Counties had 80 percent or more of
farms with Internet access, with DSL and satellite being the most prevalent
services.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYB

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Greybull Standard


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 10, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Winter Wheat Crop Up

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 10, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 9


The Agriculture Department said today that 1987 winter wheat production was
estimated at 1.58 billion bushels, up 4 percent from last year's harvest of 1.52
billion bushels, and 2 percent more than forecast a month ago. The average
yield, based on indications as of June 1, was estimated at 40.6 bushels per
acre, compared with last year's 35.2 bushels per harvested acre, and 39.9
bushels indicated in May. Farmers are expected to harvest about 38.9 million
acres this year, down 10 percent from 43.2 million acres in 1986. Winter wheat
is planted in the fall and harvested the following summer. It makes up about
three-fourths of the total American wheat production.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      April 4, 1988, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Mid-East holy war financial God-send to U.S. agriculture

BYLINE: By Juan Miguel Pedraza Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 484 words


   War is good business for agriculture.

Take the Gulf War. Iraq, a California-sized country of 16 million people, has
been at war with neighboring Iran for eight years.

The religious conflict has so far cost the two Islamic countries more than $200
billion (U.S.) in weaponry, fuel and manpower. But the two are spending
increasing sums on imported food.

Iran has banned U.S. food imports since 1982, but they're getting what they need
from Canada, Australia and Argentina.

Meanwhile, Iraq has become one of the hottest new markets for U.S.-grown
commodities. So hot that soon it may be spending $1 billion (U.S.) or more
annually on imports of U.S. food.

That's at least 3 per cent of all U.S. farm exports, going to just one country
with a tiny fraction of 1 per cent of the world's population.

When Iran's Ayatollah Khomeini and Iraqi strongman Sadam Hussein began trading
blows in 1981, Iraq was flush with oil money. By 1985, the war had drained its
cash reserves from $35 billion (U.S.) to about $2 billion, while its foreign
debt had swelled to $50 billion (U.S.).

"The war is an expensive, foolish venture and it was long ago time to cut it
out," said John Parker, a U.S. department of agriculture Middle East expert.
"But you've got two non-economic people - the Ayatollah, a religion man, in
Iran, and Sadam Hussein, a military professional in Iraq - running the show."

The U.S. department of agriculture handed several billion dollars in short- and
medium-term credits to Iraq. The U.S. further sweetened Iraq's taste for
American commodities by offering it stuff extra cheap through the Export
Enhancement Program (EEP).

Iraq's war-fueled food demand has been a sweet deal for just about every sector
of U.S. farming. For example:

* Rice growers are happy because Iraq now imports about 25 million bushels
annually, or 20 per cent of all American rice exports. That's worth about $125
million (U.S.).

* The USDA has sold Iraq some 6,000 head of dairy cattle, purchased at full
price from U.S. farmers.

* As for wheat, from less than $20 million in sales in 1982, annual U.S. wheat
and wheat flour exports - including a lot of EEP deals - to Iraq are now running
at more than a million metric tons, worth $150 million (U.S.).

It looks as if everybody - from missile-makers to wheat farmers - gets a slice
of Iraq's war-fueled action.

Without a steady supply of U.S.-subsidized food, Iraqi public support for the
war - already weakened by years of endless battles - might soon wither. Iran's
populace might soon shun the war if America's competitors weren't supplying them
with bread.

But Sadam Hussein, abetted by USDA's generous subsidies and easy credit, keeps
his countrymen's stomachs full. The Ayatollah seems to get what he wants, too,
despite his general hatred of Western culture, philosophy and economics.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Sadam Hussein

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Lamb exports to America closer

LENGTH: 290  words


The mission to get British lamb chops back onto American dinner plates has moved
a step nearer, Farming Minister George Eustice announced at the National Sheep
Event on Wednesday, 27 July 2016.

Speaking at the opening of the flagship National Sheep Association (NSA) show in
Malvern, Worcestershire, the Minister of State confirmed the US Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has published proposals for consultation to relax import
restrictions on lamb that could generate an extra £35million for the UK economy.
This significant step forward means that British lamb is on track to be
available for US consumers by early 2017.

The move is the latest in ongoing efforts to allow Britain's farmers to start
exporting sheep meat to the United States' 300 million consumers.

A 1,000-page dossier was submitted to the USDA detailing the safety and quality
of British beef and lamb ahead of April's trade talks with US Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack in Washington.

Speaking at the NSA Sheep Event, Farming Minister George Eustice said: "The US
decision to press ahead with proposals to lift export restrictions on British
lamb is great news for our farmers who are one step closer to gaining access to
the lucrative American market, worth an estimated £35 million a year.

"Our world-leading food and drink industry is a key part of our nation's
economic success and in addition to forging good trade deals with our European
neighbours, we want to secure more export opportunities in the States as well as
with our close friends in the Commonwealth and other countries around the
world."

Defra is now co-ordinating UK farming industry comment for the 60-day
consultation and liaising with relevant US trade associations to gain support
for proposals.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                February 6, 1999

FARMERS TO PLOUGH THROUGH INTERNET

BYLINE: Louise Cook

SECTION: National; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 340 words


FARMING organisations backed by information technology companies like IBM are in
a drive to get all the countrys 50000 farmers onto the internet and fitted out
with proper electronic technology by next year.

National Maize Producers Organisation GM Giel van Zyl said about 80% of maize
farmers had to replace their computers as the equipment was not suitable .

At present only about half of SAs commercial farmers had computers, some of
which needed replacement, Van Zyl said.

SA Agricultural Union president Chris du Toit warned that farmers without the
right information technology would drop out of farming in the next century.

The farming unions have been forced to follow a top-down approach to make their
members aware of the importance of this aspect.

IBM manager Jaco van Vuuren said the farming sector was taking longer than other
small businesses to get fitted out.

IBM was working in co-operation with other USbased companies to get farmers and
farm-related business like co-operatives geared up for information handling in
the next century.

It is vital that farmers are able to communicate with their co-operatives daily.
Market and price information have become key to a farms profitability.

Van Zyl said this year there was a marked increase in the number of IT companies
exhibiting at the maize producers agricultural show in Bothaville last month.

Van Zyl said a special information technology show to inform farmers and
agri-businesses of the latest products, was under consideration.

IBM said farmers would rely increasingly on electronic technology for financial
management, market information and buying and selling stock.

A company spokesman said that, like in the US, the local farm sector needed an
internet network to act a as a platform for the procurement and purchasing .

Such a system would fast-forward the sector from the farmer down the
value-adding production chain.

Provincial agricultural unions were also setting up websites to communicate with
members.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 1999 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 28, 1991, Wednesday

NATION IN BRIEF; Smith case judge's refusal to step down to be appealed

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 04

LENGTH: 697 words


Prosecutors said today they will appeal a judge's refusal to remove herself from
William Kennedy Smith's rape case. The office of State Attorney David Bludworth
issued a one-sentence statement after Palm Beach (Fla.) Circuit Judge Mary Lupo
denied the prosecution motion Tuesday in a one-sentence order.

The appeal to the 4th District Court of Appeals is expected to be filed later
this week. Prosecutors had charged that Judge Lupo had shown bias in her rulings
and her facial expressions and had conflicts in the case because her family is
friends with the family of another prosecutor in the case.

Mr. Smith's attorneys had argued that the request had no legal basis and was an
attempt at "judge-shopping." Mr. Smith, 30, goes on trial Jan. 13 on charges he
raped a 30-year-old Jupiter, Fla., woman March 30 at the Kennedy family's Palm
Beach estate.

OHIO TO GET DISASTER AID DUE TO DROUGHT: This summer's drought in Ohio has led
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to declare 81 of the state's 88 counties
federal disaster areas. Agricultural economists have predicted the drought could
cost the state's corn and soybean farmers alone as much as $ 220 million, a
figure that does not include losses for livestock producers and vegetable
growers. The disaster designation by Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan means
eligible farmers may apply for low-interest federal loans. The declaration
actually will apply to all 88 counties because of a rule that allows farmers in
counties contiguous to natural disaster areas to also seek assistance.

JAILING OF FORMER IRA MEMBER UPHELD: A former Irish Republican Army member
remains in jail today after a federal appeals court refused to free the man who
has been locked up in this country for eight years while he fights deportation
to England. A panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled 2-1 Tuesday
that Joseph Doherty's rights were not violated by the lengthy detention.
Doherty, 36, was convicted of killing a British army officer in Northern Ireland
in 1980. He escaped from prison the following year and was arrested in New York
in 1983. He has asked to be released on bail while he seeks political asylum in
the United States. Judges Roger J. Miner and George C. Pratt said Doherty's
eight-year detention is a "proper exercise of discretion" by the U.S. attorney
general.

PAMELA SMART APPEAL REJECTED: A judge Tuesday denied three of four motions in
high school instructor Pamela Smart's attempt to get a new trial on charges she
coaxed her teenage lover and his friends into killing her husband. Rockingham
County, N.H., Superior Court Judge Douglas Gray did not rule on a fourth motion,
which claims intense media coverage of her trial tainted the jury that convicted
her. A ruling on the fourth motion is pending. Smart, 24, was convicted in March
of coaxing William Flynn and two of his friends into killing her husband.

DRUGS FOUND IN DEAD REPORTER'S BODY: A reporter who said he was investigating a
possible government plot had traces of a painkiller and an anti-depressant in
his blood when he died with his wrists slashed, West Virginia authorities said
Tuesday. Dr. James Frost, an assistant state medical examiner, said his
examination of the body of Joseph D. Casolaro, 44, of Fairfax, Va., revealed
nothing to change his mind from his earlier finding that Mr. Casolaro's death
was consistent with suicide. Mr. Casolaro's body was found Aug. 10 in a bathtub
in a hotel in Martinsburg with both wrists slashed several times.

GOVERNOR A CANTALOUPE SUPPORTER: Colorado Gov. Roy Romer nibbled a cantaloupe
Tuesday in a T-shirt emblazoned with a slice of the fruit to help calm a
salmonella scare that has devastated the market. Cantaloupe growers in
California, Texas and elsewhere have watched sales plummet since the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta said Aug. 15 that more than 400 people in 23 states
and Canada became ill this summer, apparently from eating cantaloupes. "I grew
up eating Rocky Ford cantaloupe," Mr. Romer said as he ate part of a melon from
that growing region in southeast Colorado.

Compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Radioactive water spilled in Virginia NEWPORT NEWS, Va. -
Low-level radioactive water was spilled Tuesday when a reactor coolant pump in a
container too tall for an underpass was knocked from a truck onto Interstate 64.
/ The Associated Press

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Business and Financial Times (Ghana)

                              May 29, 2016 Sunday

AYNAT encourages youth to venture into agric

LENGTH: 539  words


Source: Ekow Essabra-Mensah | B&FT Online | Ghana

The African Youth Network for Agricultural Transformation (AYNAT) has held a
youth policy dialogue aimed at encouraging the youth to see agriculture as a
life-long occupation.

The forum brought together more than 70 participants to empower them to go into
agribusiness, and was on the theme 'Implementing Ghana's Youth Policy on
Agriculture, defining a Pragmatic Approach'. It was organised with financial
support from the Africa Lead of the United States Agency for International
Development (USAID).

AYNAT is a network made up of young people trained by Africa Lead II at its
champions for change leadership in agriculture workshop. It is devoted to
ensuring that a proportion of the African population arms itself with skills and
knowledge to make significant contributions and champion the transformation of
Ghanaian and African agriculture, through capacity building, policy advocacy and
research.

Dr. Ahmed Yakubu Alhassan, a Deputy Minister of Food and Agriculture, speaking
at the event explained that agriculture is the most important instrument for
government and has the greatest potential for solving youth unemployment.

He said it was in this direction that government initiated and institutionalised
the Youth in Agriculture Programme (YAP) to help create more jobs for the youth.

"Government will continue to urge the youth to take up Agriculture at a high
entrepreneurial level to improve their income."

Dr. Alhassan said between 2009 and 2012, YAP provided support for about 250,000
youth in Block Farming, Aquaculture and other forms of skills, with emphasis on
maize, rice and vegetable farming.

He indicated that under YAP, up to 500 youth have been engaged in fish-farming
in the Volta River within the Volta and Eastern Regions.

He said the Programme had a challenge with recouping project funds from
beneficiary farmers, which had rendered the programme dormant in subsequent
years -- though training and other support are still being offered to young
farmers.

He said the challenges are clear indications that the public purse alone cannot
create jobs for all Ghanaians; adding that positioning Agriculture well will
create more jobs for the youth.

He said government will have to partner with the private sector to create more
job opportunities for youth in agriculture; adding that existing viable
incubator farms are being identified by government, so that they will serve as
training centres for youth in agriculture, he said.

Mr. Edem F. Azagloe, the President of AYNAT, said his organisation was devoted
to making sure that a proportion of Africa's youth population armed itself with
skills and knowledge to make significant contributions and champion the
transformation of Ghanaian and African agriculture through capacity building,
policy advocacy and research.

He said AYNAT's objective is to build and strengthen the capacities of youth in
agriculture to scale-up food security.  He lauded Africa Lead and USAID for
their continued support for AYNAT.

He urged government to continue putting in place policies and programmes that
empower the youth to go into agriculture.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/630/1800/15/146461233136.jpg

AYNAT encourages youth to venture into agric

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1800


                  Copyright 2016 Business and Financial Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

U.S supports farmers grow off-season vegetables

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The United States, through its Agency for International Development (USAID),
showcased the results of Pakistani farmers using new technology to grow high
value off-season vegetables here at its Vegetable Fair 2014. Acting Mission
Director for USAID Pakistan Nancy Estes underscored the U.S. government's
commitment to develop Pakistan's agricultural sector: "The produce we see here
today marks the introduction of greenhouse technology in Pakistan on a large
scale. USAID's goal is to help farmers establish 1,200 high tunnels and to adopt
modern farming practices.

These initiatives will significantly transform vegetable farming, increase
yields, create more jobs, and help farmers earn higher incomes," said U.S
embassy statement here. A large number of participants involved in the industry
showcased Pakistani grown fruits and vegetables as well as related products and
services at the fair. Vegetable Fair-2014 also connected farmers with packing
specialists, marketing experts and exporters, helping them integrate into the
global economy. USAID's Agribusiness Project, which organized the fair, works to
improve produce quality and value, increase agriculture productivity, and remove
constraints to agricultural production and marketing. Through the project, USAID
also provides quality high yield seed, toolkits, low and high greenhouse
tunnels, and technical assistance to Pakistani farmers. The tunnels enable
farmers to produce off-season vegetables, greatly increasing land productivity
and profitability. The United States, though USAID, boosts Pakistan's
agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming technologies,
services, and practices; building irrigation infrastructure; and introducing
improved water management practices. Over the last 18 months, U.S assistance has
helped create 9,000 new jobs in Pakistan's agricultural sector and generate more
than $60 million in new Pakistani agriculture export orders.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           November 2, 2011 Wednesday

150th anniversary of USDA to kick off in Springfield Wednesday

BYLINE: Tim Landis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 648 words


Abraham Lincoln's ties to Springfield brought the city a presidential museum in
2005, a yearlong bicentennial celebration in 2009 and the ongoing celebration of
his role in the Civil War this year.

Now comes 2012 and the 150th anniversary of Lincoln's creation of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack will kick off the national commemoration at
the Old State Capitol today by unveiling a website - www.usda.gov/usda150 -
outlining the agency's history and Lincoln's role in its creation in 1862. The
website goes live during the 10 a.m. event.

The ceremony in the Old Capitol Hall of Representatives is the first of what is
planned as a yearlong celebration around the country in 2012.

"You have to remember this took place during the Civil War," Vilsack said in a
phone interview on Tuesday.

Lincoln "understood and appreciated that one of the advantages to uniting the
states was the capacity of the country to have extraordinary agricultural
production," said Vilsack. "It also was a way of preparing for the end of the
Civil War. He knew we would have the southern states coming back in, and those
were primarily agricultural."

Lincoln not a fan of farming

The Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum will put an exhibit of
Lincoln agricultural artifacts on display for today's events at the Old Capitol,
said spokesman Dave Blanchette.

Included are an 1860 letter from Lincoln to his cousin John Hanks about breaking
the central Illinois prairie with an ox team in 1830, the original printing of
an 1859 speech on the importance of agriculture and research, and the first USDA
report, issued in 1862 by the first secretary, Isaac Newton.

Lincoln's name is embossed on the report. The collection was on display at the
presidential museum for a year ending in the summer of 2010, but will be brought
out again only for today's 150th anniversary kickoff.

"We display these for a while and then give them a rest from the elements," said
Blanchette. "This is a special occasion."

While Lincoln's self-taught rural background is part of his lore, Blanchette
said history shows the 16th president wasn't particularly fond of the manual
labor that characterized 19th century farming.

"He was a champion of modernizing farming," said Blanchette. "He never did like
farming and felt farming should be made as easy and productive as possible. It
was part of the reason behind the creation of USDA."

Free mail

According to an agency history, the USDA was part of the Department of the
Interior when Lincoln signed legislation creating the department on May 15,
1862.

The commissioner of agriculture was granted an annual salary of $3,000 and was
allowed to hire a chief clerk at $2,000 a year.

Commissioner duties included an annual report to Congress on agriculture,
collection of data on farming techniques, overseeing agricultural research and
administration of agricultural programs to benefit farming.

There was one other perk: "And said commissioner may send and receive through
the mails, free of charge, all communications and other matter pertaining to the
business of his department not exceeding in weight thirty-two ounces."

Vilsack said dozens of events will be held nationwide as part of the 2012
commemoration, but he considers it appropriate to start in Lincoln's hometown.

"When you think about it, the country then (in Lincoln's time) was heavily
agricultural. People principally lived in rural areas," said Vilsack. "Now, less
than 1 percent of the population produces the food and fiber and fuel for this
country."

Tim Landis can be reached at 788-1536.

Want to go?

What: United States Secretary of Agricultural Tom Vilsack will unveil a website
and plans for a yearlong commemoration in 2012 of Abraham Lincoln's creation of
the agency.

When: 10 a.m. today.

Where: Old State Capitol. A collection of Lincoln agricultural artifacts also
will be on display.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Ukrainian News Agency

                         December 10, 2015 6:30 AM EST

U.S. Department Of Agriculture Retains Forecast Of Grain Harvest In Ukraine At
59.8 Million Tons In 2015

LENGTH: 100  words


The United States Department of Agriculture has retained the forecast of
Ukraine's cereals harvest in 2015 at 59.825 million tons, reads December issue
of USDA's World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates, Ukrainian News Agency
reports.

The USDA retained the forecast of wheat harvest in Ukraine at 27 million tons,
and the forecast of feed grain production at 32.825 million tons.

As Ukrainian News earlier reported, in November, the United States Department of
Agriculture has revised the forecast of Ukraine's cereals harvest in 2015
downwards by 3.2% or 1.95 million tons to 59.825 million tons.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2015 Ukrainian News Agency, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Ukrainian News Agency

                         November 10, 2015 6:30 AM EST

U.S. Department Of Agriculture Revises Forecast Of Grain Harvest In Ukraine
Downwards By 3.2% To 59.8 Million Tons In 2015

LENGTH: 100  words


The United States Department of Agriculture has revised the forecast of
Ukraine's cereals harvest in 2015 downwards by 3.2% or 1.95 million tons to
59.825 million tons, reads November issue of USDA's World Agricultural Supply
and Demand Estimates.

The USDA retained the forecast of wheat harvest in Ukraine at 27 million tons,
and downgraded the forecast of feed grain production by 5.6% or 1.95 million to
32.825 million tons.

As Ukrainian News earlier reported, in October the United States Department of
Agriculture revised Ukraine's harvest of grain crops in 2015 downwards by 2.4%
to 61.8 million tons.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2015 Ukrainian News Agency, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            January 16, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Parties take farming seriously

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 1095  words


Weak prices for crops, poor quality grain, devastating frosts and flooding --
Saskatchewan farmers have had a tough row to hoe since the last federal election
just 18 months ago.

The United States resumed imports of young cattle from Canada last summer,
improving the outlook for livestock producers after a more than two-year border
closure blamed on the discovery of mad cow disease. But most grain and oilseed
farmers continued to struggle as costs rose dramatically and returns for some
crops dwindled to levels not seen in years.

"In rural Saskatchewan ... my gosh, it's tough out there," said Neal Hardy,
president of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities. "There's no
cash flow left. They've used up all the reserves."

Farm issues are getting attention in this federal election campaign, and Hardy
says it's about time. Party leaders even spoke about agriculture issues in their
final English language debate, a pleasant surprise to some lobby groups.

"I think that speaks first of all to how hard farmers have worked to give
agriculture a higher profile," said Bob Friesen, a Manitoba farmer and president
of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture.

"I'm hoping this means there is stronger recognition of the importance of
agriculture, and also stronger recognition that the crisis agriculture is
currently in is due to factors that farmers have no control over."

The Conservatives say if elected to government they would continue with the
Liberals' $755 million in emergency assistance for grains and oilseed farmers
announced in November, of which about $290 million is expected to come to
Saskatchewan.

The three major parties have all acknowledged problems with farmers' main safety
net program, known as the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program, or
CAIS.

The Liberals conceded CAIS is not working, and say the program will be reviewed.

"We're prepared to put more money in but we want it to flow much more quickly,"
said Prime Minister Paul Martin during the Jan. 9 debate.

Gary Anderson, a Bethune-area producer running for the Liberals in
Regina-Lumsden-Lake Centre, said Liberals understand there is a crisis both
"economically and socially" in agriculture.

"We certainly do recognize that we do have to have funding over and above the
safety nets. Our record to date is about $1.5 billion in the last two years
each, over and above the safety net, which far outreaches what the Conservative
party has promised to date."

The Conservatives pledge to scrap CAIS outright, and replace it with separate
farm income stabilization and disaster relief programs, along with an additional
$500 million in annual funding. They say the new income program will be simpler
and more responsive.

"We've been aware of the problems (with CAIS) but it doesn't seem that they've
been fixed," said Cypress Hills-Grasslands Conservative MP David Anderson. "The
majority of farmers are still telling me it's just not fitting their farm
situation."

The NDP platform includes an overhaul of CAIS, and an end to the
"one-size-fits-all" approach.

"We need real income stabilization now," said NDP Leader Jack Layton. "We're
proposing a billion dollars for the grains and oilseeds sector and it's got to
happen now because they (farmers) don't know if they can put anything into the
ground."

No matter which party forms government, farmers must have a say in what happens
with farm-support programs, said Ken McBride, president of the Agricultural
Producers Association of Saskatchewan.

"We should be the major planners, have direct access to ensuring the next
program is a little more satisfactory than the one we're operating under right
now."

The parties' platforms reveal a significant divide on the Canadian Wheat Board,
the agency responsible for marketing all wheat and barley grown by western
farmers. The board's monopoly, or "single-desk" selling, has long been a
divisive issue among farmers, with some advocating they should be able to market
their wheat outside the board.

The Conservatives are the only party to say it would make the Canadian Wheat
Board (CWB) voluntary.

Ken Ritter, the Saskatchewan farmer who is chairman of the CWB's board of
directors, is adamant that the "voluntary" scenario could not occur. "You either
have a single-desk marketing system or you have an open-market system," said
Ritter.

The Conservatives' Anderson disagrees.

"We just think that it's important to give Western Canadian farmers the same
opportunities that other farmers have," he said.

Farm groups that staunchly support the board say the loss of its monopoly would
be like the loss of the Crow rate, which used to subsidize the cost of getting
Prairie grain to port.

"It's $300 million a year out of western Canadian farmers' pockets if they're
able to do that, and it would be the second-biggest blow that western Canadian
farmers have taken over the last 10 years," said Stewart Wells, president of the
National Farmers Union.

The greatest similarity among the three major parties' agricultural platforms
may be the support of developing ethanol and biodiesel, which uses crops such as
wheat and canola.

The Liberal and Conservative platforms include plans to mandate a five-per-cent
renewable fuels content in gasoline and diesel by 2010.

Regina-Qu'Appelle NDP candidate Lorne Nystrom said New Democrats are suggesting
there be a mandated 10 per cent blend by 2010.

Lionel LaBaelle, president of the Saskatchewan Ethanol Development Council,
called the announcements "tremendous" news, but added the benefit to farmers
depend on how plans are rolled out.

In the U.S., many ethanol plants have farmer/community ownership.

"We're very hopeful that -- when whatever party is in power -- when they roll
out their strategy that they will acknowledge the preferential bias for those
types of ownership models because we think they're really important to the rural
economy and rural renewal."

Other key pledges from the three parties include:

n Conservatives promise to seek better access for Canadian agricultural products
in foreign markets, and to create a green-cover program to help protect Prairie
farmers and compensate them in the event of severe flooding.

n A Liberal commitment to review farm policy drawing on the well-received report
by Liberal MP Wayne Easter called Empowering Farmers in the Marketplace, and to
raise the lifetime capital gains exemption to $750,000 from $500,000 for farmers
and fishers.

n New Democrats will work to ensure farmers have the right to save and reuse
seed and work to develop producer-run co-operatives to ensure fairer price
competition.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Canadian Press; It's been tough going for Saskatchewan farmers
since the last federal election just 18 months ago.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 11, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Two Named to New German Agency in Shuffle Over Beef Disease

BYLINE:  By ROGER COHEN

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: BERLIN, Jan. 10


Chancellor Gerhard Schroder created a new super-ministry for food, agriculture
and consumer protection today and handed it to the environmentalist Greens,
signaling a back-to-nature approach to combating mad cow disease that is certain
to alarm the powerful European farm lobby.

By naming Renate Kunast, 45, a Berlin lawyer with no experience in farming to
head a ministry with such sweeping powers, Mr. Schroder has gambled that any
loss of support among farmers will be more than compensated by support from
ecologically conscious Germans alarmed by the discovery of mad cow disease.

"It is high time that we changed the course of agriculture," Mr. Schroder said
at a hastily called news conference. "We want food safety through appropriate
methods that are good for the environment."

Despite Mr. Schroder's bold declarations, the fact is his government is in some
disarray after the resignation on Tuesday of his health and agriculture
ministers, who took the blame for the government's chaotic response to the
discovery in Germany of 10 cases of bovine spongiform encephalopathy -- commonly
known as mad cow disease.

The reality is also that west European farming is overwhelmingly dominated by
large-scale, industrialized farming, heavily subsidized by the European Union,
and any attempt to revert to smaller, more humane and organic forms of
agriculture would amount to an expensive revolution that most farmers would
resist.

Mr. Schroder appeared to recognize the difficulties by warning that a wholesale
move to biologically friendly farming could not provide "enough healthy food at
affordable prices," but Ms. Kunast, the co-leader of the Greens, said she was
determined to steer agriculture "back to nature."

The outbreak of mad cow disease has heightened already strong concerns among
European consumers about how "natural" or "organic" their food is. This mood has
set the continent on a collision course with the United States over genetically
modified corn and other foodstuffs, a conflict likely to intensify.

"Europeans do not want genetically modified food -- period," said Foreign
Minister Joschka Fischer, of the Greens. "It does not matter what research
shows, they just do not want it and that has to be respected."

No cases of a deadly nervous condition in humans -- new variant
Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease -- that has been linked to mad cow disease have been
discovered so far in Germany. That has not prevented near-hysteria among
consumers. Beef sales have plunged, as elsewhere in Europe, and prices for
poultry and fish have risen.

Mr. Schroder also named Ulla Schmidt, a teacher and deputy leader of the Social
Democratic parliamentary group, to become the new health minister. Ms. Schmidt,
51, gained respect in parliament last year for her strong defense of the
government's proposed pension reforms.

The disease among cattle is believed to result from the use of animal products
in feed. Germany long held that its cattle were not susceptible because such
forms of feed were not used. The recently discovered cases are blamed on tainted
grain.

It is unclear how quickly Mr. Schroder's government can recover from the damage
done by its slow response to the disease and by the departure of four ministers
in the past three months. What seems certain is that the next few months will be
volatile after the generally smooth sailing the chancellor enjoyed last year.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Renate Kunast, left, of the Greens, was appointed Germany's
agriculture minister and Ulla Schmidt, of the Social Democrats, health minister.
(Associated Press); (Agence France-Presse)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Kenly News (North Carolina)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 13, 2014

Agriculture has a huge impact on our local economy;
For What Its Worth

BYLINE: Kenly News staff

LENGTH: 526  words


Welcome to our annual salute to farming and agricultural edition of the News.

Why do we publish such a salute each year? Because farming and agriculture are
still the leading industries in our communities.

We think we should take stock of what our farming and agricultural economics
are. And, it's something for which everyone should be proud.

We enjoy this time of year as we ride throughout country-side to see the
tobacco, cotton, soy beans and corn growing.

But there's more happening that just this We have a feature in today's paper
about our local grocery stores buying fresh produce from local growers. It can't
get any fresher than that And then there's the agricultural economy that many
may overlook. We have vast amounts of timber growing in our county. We have one
of the strongest nursery programs around with large and small operators
throughout our area.

Many of us also may take beef, pork and poultry production for granted, but if
you'll look around that also is a large part of our economy.

According to Agricultural Extension Service, nearly 20 percent of the jobs in
North Carolina are agriculturally related. We believe it's much higher in our
local area, when we see acres and acres of crops.

While it's true that farmers are becoming more mechanized and larger, we also
have to realize that as the population grows and the number of farmers decrease
it takes more production to keep pace with those who consume their products.

There's the old saying that we should never complain about food with our mouth
full. And that's true.

We here in the county, the state and our nation are blessed to have an abundance
of food and other agricultural products that the rest of the world envies.

We mentioned briefly last week about one of the articles on this week's front
page about banana peppers being harvested locally and sold to Mount Olive Pickle
Company.

It's interesting to follow the operation from the field to the grocery store.

Another article we have in the paper this week is the well-known Wellons family
of Johnston County who are harvesting their tobacco by hand because they believe
it's better to do it that way.

Also in the paper today we have a great story on a local slaughter house where
beef is being processed.

And, we could have had many other articles about the fabulous agricultural
practices that are going on just down the road from where all of us live.

So, it is-with great pleasure that we present our salute to farming and
agriculture in this week's edition.

Please note the many advertisers in this issue who have a direct interest in
agriculture.

Many of them have stepped forward to thank and salute area farming interests
with us. In fact, we wouldn't be able to present such a salute without the
partnership with these companies who greatly appreciate what the farming
community does for all of us.

We appreciate those companies as well as those who are part of the great
economic impact that agriculture has in our area.

Rick Stewart is editor and publisher of Kenly News and Pine Level News and
president of Johnstonian News, Inc., publisher of The Selma News. Reach him at
919-284-2295 or at rstew-art@kenlynewsx com.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNY

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2014 Kenly News


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

Foreign landowners must report farming transactions

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 298 words


Nov. 02--Aaron Fall, county executive director of the Reno County Farm Service
Agency, reminds foreign investors who buy, sell or hold a direct or indirect
interest in agricultural lands in the United States that they are required under
the Agricultural Foreign Investment Disclosure Act to report their holdings and
transactions to the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture.

The Secretary of Agriculture has delegated the responsibility for collecting
this information to the Farm Service Agency.

According to Fall, foreigner investors buying or selling land must report such
transactions within 90 days of the date of the sale.

Failure to file an accurate or timely report can result in a penalty with fines
up to 25 percent of the fair market value of the agricultural land.

Fall said the act requires reports to be filed by:

--Individuals who are not U.S. citizens or citizens of the Northern Mariana
Islands or the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands;

--Individuals who are not lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent
residence or who are not paroled into the United States under the Immigration
and Nationality Act;

--Any organization created under the laws of a foreign government or which has
located its principal place of business outside the United States;

--Any U.S. organization in which a significant interest of substantial control
is directly or indirectly held by foreign individuals, organizations, or
governments, and;

--Any foreign governments.

Farm Service Agency form FSA-153 is used to report land holdings and
transactions. The completed form must be returned to the FSA county office where
the land is located.

___ (c)2014 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141102-VZ-Foreign-landowners-must-report-farming
-transactions-1102-20141102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Hutchinson News


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

            February 17, 1990, SATURDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

ILLINOIS FARMER TO HEAD U.S. PANEL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 227 words


WASHINGTON: An Illinois farmer and livestock industry leader was named Friday as
head of the Packers and Stockyards Administration.  Agriculture Secretary
Clayton Yeutter said he had chosen Virgil M.  Rosendale, of Augusta, Ill., to
head the administration. The Agriculture Department agency handles fair-trade
regulatory programs designed to protect consumers and members of the livestock
and poultry industries from unfair, deceptive or monopolistic business
practices.  Rosendale has managed a 2,000-acre grain and livestock farm. He is
past president of the National Pork Producers Council, former chairman of the
National Livestock Meat Board and was the first president of the National Pork
Board in 1986-89.  Yeutter said that Rosendale, whose salary will be $81,400 a
year, ''brings to the job 30 years' experience running a successful livestock
operation, and a wealth of leadership experience within the livestock
industry.''

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

Wet weather continues to wash away farming activity

BYLINE: Jeffrey L. Frischkorn, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


May 25--With summer coming, the state's farmers are running out of time to start
planting.

The near-continuous string of wet days in May has greatly delayed the planting
of nearly all crops. Only fruit trees appear to be on schedule for blooming and
development.

Statistic compiled weekly by the U.S. Department of Agriculture with cooperation
from the Ohio Department of Agriculture point to just how bad it is.

Fully, 83 percent of farm fields are reportedly experiencing a surplus in
topsoil moisture and only 14 percent are rated "adequate." None are said to be
either "short" or "very short."

Last week less than one day was judged suitable for farming field work, the
report said.

"This is about as bad as I've ever seen, especially in Northeast Ohio, which
seems to be hit the hardest," said Les Ober, agent with the Ohio State
University Extension in Geauga County. "This is a real circus this year, and you
don't see one like it for 20 or 30 years."

The latest weekly crop weather report also indicates that farmers have planted
only 11 percent of the state's corn crop. Last year at this time, the figure was
87 percent with the five-year average being 80 percent.

The corn that farmers have managed to put in largely has yet to emerge -- only 2
percent compared with the 72 percent last year at this time and 58 percent for
the five-year average.

Similarly, the state's soybean planting is way behind schedule -- 4 percent thus
far, compared with the 48 percent last year and the 54 percent for the long-term
average.

The first cutting of alfalfa hay has likewise slowed, as has the planting of
oats and potatoes and the harvesting of strawberries.

Only apples and peaches in full bloom are near their point seen last year and
for their five-year average. Ober also said that this is a pivotal week and will
determine whether farmers have to purchase crop insurance.

"I look for a lot of farmers to file for it, though there will be some who will
still plant corn because they have grain contracts and it would be expensive for
them to get out of it," Ober said.

"And if a farmer has borrowed money from a bank, he has to have crop insurance."

After June 1, yields on corn drops dramatically.

Even so, Ober said don't look for many farmers to switch to planting soybeans
instead of corn.

The reason being is if a farmer files an insurance claim for the loss of corn,
he cannot plant another summer crop like soybeans, Ober said.

"What the ultimate impact will be we just don't know yet and will be determined
by the states where farmers were able to get their corn planted," Ober added.

"I think you're going to see a lot of idle farm land this year, especially in
Northeast Ohio."

To see more of The News-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The News-Herald, Willoughby,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110525-WL-Wet-weather-continues-to-wash-away-farming-activity-20110525

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2011 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 25, 2002 Saturday
                                National Edition

Farmers want $1.3-billion to match U.S.;
That's the minimum needed to compete;
with new subsidies, Prairie politicians say

BYLINE: KRISTA FOSS

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 539 words


A $1.3-billion compensation package is the "minimum" needed to cushion Canadian
farmers from the new agricultural subsidies promised to their U.S. competitors,
according to Prairie politicians and farm groups who met with federal cabinet
ministers in Saskatoon yesterday.

Trade Minister Pierre Pettigrew, Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief and House
Leader Ralph Goodale talked with the premiers of Manitoba and Saskatchewan,
Alberta's Deputy Premier and various farm groups that have been pushing for the
"trade injury" compensation in response to the recently passed U.S. Farm Bill.

Federal Finance Minister Paul Martin joined the morning meeting by conference
call.

But after the three-hour discussion, the federal ministers could give only vague
hints of how the federal government will help Canadian producers compete with
U.S. farmers slated to receive $190-billion (U.S.) in direct farm income
supports over the next decade on top of existing agricultural programs.

"We are looking at everything," Mr. Vanclief told reporters, adding that the
federal government would consider "building on" the $3.8-billion it currently
spends on agricultural programs.

Saskatchewan Premier Lorne Calvert, whose breadbasket province has been hobbled
by drought conditions and depressed prices for grains and oilseeds, said
yesterday the U.S. subsidies need an immediate response.

He called the $1.3-billion compensation suggested by farm groups the "minimum"
necessary because it was calculated without taking into account the impact of
the U.S. subsidies for growers of peas, beans and lentils, crops that many
Prairie farmers now produce.

The dollar figure comes from an Agriculture Canada report that calculated that
international subsidy programs for grains and oilseeds cost Canadian grain
farmers more than $1-billion last year - before the new U.S. income supports
were introduced.

The new U.S. subsidy package increases overall farm spending south of the border
by 77 per cent by hiking subsidy rates or increasing payments for everybody from
grain growers to dairy farmers and those raising peanuts, cotton and peas.

The United States is also instituting a country-of-origin labelling system for
meat exports, which is tantamount to a Buy America program, and is a serious
threat to Canadian livestock producers who count on U.S. markets.

"We're very concerned about it . . . we already have cases where the U.S.
processors don't want to continue signing long-term contracts with exporters
because of the country-of-origin labelling issue," said Bob Friesen, president
of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, an umbrella group representing
200,000 farm families.

But rather than cutting a compensation cheque for Canadian farmers yesterday,
the federal cabinet ministers at the meeting were satisfied to "to listen, to
understand and to establish solid foundations," according to Mr. Goodale, the
federal minister responsible for the Canadian Wheat Board.

And Mr. Vanclief reminded the provinces "that agriculture is a shared
jurisdiction," suggesting that provincial governments also will be expected to
ante up money to protect Canadian farms.

The Prairie politicians were clearly looking for something more concrete.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                       April 9, 2001 Monday Final Edition

I say tomato, you say unfair trade practice

SOURCE: Canadian Press

SECTION: News; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: TORONTO

TORONTO -- Canadian tomato producers are angered by a U.S. call for duties on
Canadian greenhouse tomatoes.

"The trade action by these growers is very unfortunate," said Kevin Doran,
vice-president of BC Hot House Foods Inc., a member of the Canadian Tomato
Alliance.

Canadian growers say U.S. greenhouse-tomato producers have filed a petition with
the U.S. Department of Commerce to impose the duties.

"We always understood under [free trade] that both countries have free access to
the other's markets," Doran said. "These highly politicized trade actions must
stop."

Said Denton Hoffman, general manager of the Ontario Greenhouse Vegetable
Growers: "Canadian growers are not dumping their products into the U.S. market,
nor are they injuring the U.S. greenhouse or field tomato producers."

Hoffman said the issue could have been resolved with the help of the Canadian
and U.S. governments.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                           September 22, 2008 Monday

World Vision, USAID tout aid for local organic agriculture

BYLINE: Daily Star Staff

LENGTH: 377 words


World Vision and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID)
celebrated on Friday the achievements of a three-year project that helped
hundreds of Lebanon's farmers by growing organic agriculture in Lebanon. "We are
proud for having created, and not just enhanced, the organic agriculture sector
in Lebanon.

BEIRUT: World Vision and the United States Agency for International Development
(USAID) celebrated on Friday the achievements of a three-year project that
helped hundreds of Lebanon's farmers by growing organic agriculture in Lebanon.
"We are proud for having created, and not just enhanced, the organic agriculture
sector in Lebanon, which has positive impact on the environment, the economy and
the health of the consumer," said project manager Nabil Maalouf.

More than 4,500 people benefited directly from the Sustainable Agri-Business
Initiative for Lebanon project, 800 of whom are farmers from Bint Jbeil, East
Sidon, Marjayoun, the Bekaa Valley, North Lebanon and Beirut. The project
focused on developing BioCo-op Lubnan, a national organic agriculture farming
cooperative.

USAID provided $7.8 million funding over three years to identify and develop
specialized organic agriculture practices; provide state-of-the-art processing,
packaging and storage facilities throughout Lebanon; and put in place the
marketing and other services needed to bring Lebanese organic farm products to
market.

Through the SABIL project, Lebanese farmers were able to earn organic
certifications and sell their produce at higher prices than conventional produce
under the local brand name Campagnia. Some organic Lebanese products have also
been exported to Europe and the Gulf.

"The journey of the organic farming sector under the program was not easy, yet
despite the many challenging times, what was achieved in Lebanon by the program
and its partners in the past five years has taken other countries at least a
decade," said USAID official Christine Sayegh.

World Vision and USAID worked with several Lebanese partners to implement the
project, including the Litani River Authority, the Lebanese Agriculture Research
Institute, the Gebran National Committee, and the Holy Spirit University
Kaslik's faculty of agricultural sciences. - The Daily Star

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2008 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                     June 15, 2001 Friday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Bumper harvest bad news for wheat prices

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. D02, Commodities

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO - Wheat fell to a three-month low yesterday on signs that farmers in the
United States are making quick work of this year's winter wheat harvest, adding
to grain stockpiles at a time of weak overseas demand.

About 70% of the crop in Oklahoma, the No. 2 winter wheat-growing state, has
been harvested, analysts said. U.S. wheat exports are 17% behind last year's
pace, and buyers with overseas clients are reducing the prices they are offering
farmers, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

'The harvest is in full swing, so there's no sense of urgency to acquire
supplies,' said Tom O'Dell, a grain buyer in Kansas City, Kans., for Cenex
Harvest States Cooperatives, the No. 2 farmer-owned group in the United States.

In other markets, cattle prices fell to a three-week low and crude oil was
little changed. The Bridge-Commodity Research Bureau index rose 0.08 to 211.62,
and the energy-weighted Goldman Sachs commodity index fell 0.05 to 221.39.

Wheat for July delivery fell US2.75 cents, or 1%, to US$2.5925 a bushel on the
Chicago Board of Trade, the lowest closing price since April 2. Wheat has fallen
2.9% this month, and it is little changed from a year ago.

Cattle prices fell to a three-week low on signs of weakening U.S. demand for
beef.

Grocers have stockpiled meat for Father's Day on Sunday and Independence Day on
July 4, when consumers often buy steaks and hamburger meat for outdoor grilling.
With retailers well stocked for the summer, wholesale beef prices have fallen to
their lowest level in seven weeks.

Cattle for August delivery fell US0.45 cents, or 0.6%, to US73.1 cents a pound
on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, their lowest closing price since May 23.
Prices still are about 7% higher than a year ago.

Crude oil was little changed on expectations that supplies lost because of a
halt in exports from Iraq will be made up by other members of the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries.

Crude oil for July delivery rose US20 cents to US$29.04 a barrel on the New York
Mercantile Exchange.

Prices are 12% lower than a year ago and near the middle of the range they've
traded in for the past month.

COMMODITIES:

Net

Index/commodity Close Previous       chg

CRB Index 211.62 211.54 +0.08

GSCI Index 221.39 221.44 -0.05

Gold (Comex) US$ per oz.  275.30 272.00 +3.30

Oil (W. Texas) US$ per bbl.  29.04 28.84 +0.20

Natural gas US$ per mm btu 4.04 4.11 -0.07

52W 52W Yr over yr

Index/commodity high low net chg

CRB Index 233.45 209.00 -13.09

GSCI Index 262.91 210.81 -9.40

Gold (Comex) US$ per oz.  292.50 255.10 -16.30

Oil (W. Texas) US$ per bbl.  37.20 25.59 -3.81

Natural gas US$ per mm btu 9.83 3.66 -0.22

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart/Graph: COMMODITIES: CRB Index close: (See print copy, pg. D1, for
complete chart/graph.), Chart/Graph: COMMODITIES: CRB Index close: Last week,
this week: (See print copy, pg. D1, for complete chart/graph.), Table:
COMMODITIES: Index/commodity, Close, Previous, Net chg., 52W high, 52W low, year
over year net. chg.: (Table ran on pg. D1.): (Online)

TYPE: Business; Column

                    Copyright 2001 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 23, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Farming Without Chemicals: Age-Old Technologies Becoming State of Art

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1410 words

DATELINE: ST. PAUL, Aug. 20


From the ridge overlooking fields his family has tilled for 120 years, Ken
Tschumper surveys the lush crops of alfalfa and corn he raised this summer
without pesticides or chemical fertilizers.

When he stopped using chemicals six years ago on his 230-acre dairy farm,
neighbors ridiculed Mr. Tschumper's inexpensive system of spreading manure and
rotating crops to nourish his soil and repel insects, weeds and diseases.
Earlier this year, though, the 37-year-old farmer from La Crescent, 140 miles
south of here, added $20,000 to his savings account. Some of his critics,
meanwhile, filed for bankruptcy.

''When you don't use chemicals, you become a much better observer -you're
constantly evaluating conditions,'' said Mr. Tschumper. ''It verges on the
artistic.''

Catnip to Ward Off Insects

Farming without chemicals, once considered a fringe movement, impractical and
idealistic, has gained ground, moving closer to the mainstream of American
agriculture.

Major growers in Iowa now plant rye after the corn harvest. During the winter,
when the rye decomposes, natural weed-killing substances result, protecting the
fields in the spring and making the use of chemical herbicides unnecessary. In
California, some farmers plant catnip between rows of vegetables to drive away
destructive insects.

The accelerating pace of the transition has surprised university researchers and
officials at the Department of Agriculture. Until the mid-1980's, farming with
little or no chemicals was considered practical only for small farmers and
hobbyists who could more easily rotate crops and spend time working the land.

Now large commercial farmers are seeking alternatives to a chemical technology
that on the one hand is costing billions of dollars each year and on the other
yields health risks, environmental contamination and huge surpluses that drive
prices down. If the movement spreads further, experts say, it could have
important consequences for the farm economy, the environment and the health of
farmers, consumers and rural residents.

''The concept of these alternative practices is that we can work our soil, use
our water, and not use it up or ruin it,'' said George S. Dunlop, Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture for Natural Resources and the Environment. ''The fact
of the matter is that agriculture policy has been adverse to sustaining the
quality of our resources. Our farm policy has encouraged an emphasis on getting
the maximum number of bushels per acre that is conceivably possible. We got away
from natural cropping systems. We need to change that emphasis.''

No Consensus on Name

The Department of Agriculture estimates that 30,000 of the nation's 2.1 million
farmers are raising crops without chemicals or are close to eliminating their
use. Other experts believe the number ranges from 50,000 to 100,000. Nearly
everybody agrees that the number is growing rapidly.

But agreement on what the movement should be called has not yet been reached. In
the East, farmers call the techniques ''regenerative,'' a term coined by
scientists and executives at the Rodale Research Center, an influential private
institute in Pennsylvania. Farmers in California and the Midwest refer to the
practices as ''sustainable.'' The Department of Agriculture calls the system
''low-input'' farming. And many farmers in the Northeast and Northwest call the
practices ''organic.''

The first three terms are meant to describe farm practices that depend on the
dynamic biological interrelationships in nature to achieve the same results as
chemical pesticides and fertilizers. The intent is to maintain the purity and
availability of renewable resources, like soil and water. If done correctly,
advocates say, farmers should also see production costs drop and profits rise.

But labeling the practices as organic has lost favor. ''That word turned people
off,'' said Dr. John Luna, an entomologist at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute
in Blacksburg. ''There was a connotation that the people who pushed organic
agriculture were anti-pesticide, anti-mainstream agriculture and represented an
extreme position. The new terminology has allowed us to redefine what we're
doing, and get rid of a lot of negative baggage that was blocking commercial
farmers from participating.''

The Agriculture Department, which once disdained the practices, opened a center
in Memphis last month, complete with a toll-free telephone line, to provide
technical information on sustainable agriculture to farmers and scientists. The
agency is also openly encouraging its scientists to develop alternatives to
chemicals.

Congress and States Respond

Congress, which approved a program two years ago to establish a network of
demonstration research farms around the country, is now weighing a proposal to
spend $15 million on the system.

And many states are responding. In the last 15 months new programs to transfer
sustainable agriculture techniques to farmers have been established in
California, Iowa, Nebraska and Wisconsin.

In June, Gov. Rudy Perpich of Minnesota, a Democrat, signed a law establishing
the nation's first chair for studying sustainable farm practices at the
University of Minnesota. Agricultural universities in 16 other states maintain
research programs in sustainable farming.

''This kind of research could eventually bring about the healthiest agriculture
in the world,'' said Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat who is
chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee.

Based on Age-Old Technologies

In essence, sustainable techniques cut costs by replacing chemicals with labor
and imagination. Some of the practices are based on age-old farm technologies
that lost favor when pesticides and fertilizers became widely available. Mr.
Tschumper, for instance, discovered that two carefully timed applications of
manure, in the spring and fall, provided most of the nutrition his soil needed.

He also developed rotation schemes to fight weeds and bugs. After harvesting
corn, he plants oats which grow thick and tall, crowding out weeds. He follows
oats with alfalfa, a legume, which adds nitrogen to the soil. By the time he
plants corn again on the same land 2 to 5 years later, the soil is rich with
nutrients.

Mr. Tschumper says he can produce a bushel of corn for 40 cents, one-fifth the
cost of chemical farmers, and his alfalfa harvests average six tons per acre, 50
percent better than the state average.

Other sustainable techniques are ingenious. Gary Ruehling, an organic vegetable
and melon grower from Weaver, a cross-roads town 40 miles north of Mr.
Tschumper's farm, plants orange marigolds among his green peppers. The flowers
attract pollinating insects, and produce a natural substance that repels harmful
insects.

Mr. Ruehling learned to plant eggplant, which beetles prefer, next to potatoes.
Likewise, he's learned that onions and garlic are valuable insect repellants.
''You learn from other farmers and you experiment all the time'' said Mr.
Ruehling, 31, who sells his produce to restaurants in the region and from a
stand on the road in front of his farm.

Large Growers Falling in Step

Farmers say the movement toward a system of food production based on biology
instead of chemistry got started in the early 1970's. Small fruit and vegetable
growers, who receive premium prices in urban markets, still outnumber any other
group farming without chemicals.

But farmers in Minnesota and elsewhere are producing organic beef, chicken and
pork by feeding them chemical-free rations and eliminating the use of
antibiotics and other toxic drugs that promote growth.

Some of the nation's largest growers in the Midwest, North Dakota and Montana,
are also taking advantage of a growing market in Europe for grain produced
without chemicals. These farmers are selling soybeans for $8 a bushel and wheat
for $4.50 a bushel, prices that are double those for crops grown with
conventional techniques.

''Instead of turning on the spray guns at the first sight of a weed or insect,
we need to base our farm production on a better understanding of the complex
interactions in nature,'' said Terry Gips, executive director of the
International Alliance for Sustainable Agriculture, a policy and education
organization in Minneapolis that represents farm and consumer groups around the
world. ''By thinking harder we can design even better systems to reduce our
chemical dependency in farming.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Ken Tschumper with corn he has grown without chemicals on his
farm in La Crescent, Minn. (NYT/Keith Schneider)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                                 Yasheng Group

                           805 Veterans Blvd Ste 228
                          REDWOOD CITY,  CA 94063-1736
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-650-3638345
FAX: 1-650-3638365
URL: Home Page: http://www.yashenggroup.com/
E-MAIL: info@yashenggroup.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: HERB
CUSIP: 98508U104
IRS No.: 330788829
CIK: 0001123312
ISIN: US98508U1043
SEDOL: B0122P3
Reuters Instrument Code: HERB.PK
Display RIC: HERB.PK

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 12, 2004
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: California
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 10,000

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. Wei Hao Cui Chairman of the Board,    2016         2016         44    M
                President, Chief
                Executive Officer (2016)
Mr. Haiyun      Chief Financial Officer,  2004         2007         46    M
Zhuang          Treasurer, Secretary,
                Director (2016)
Ms. Shurong He  Director (2007)                        2007         60    F
Mr. Deng Fu     Director (2003)                        2003         59    M
Wang
Mr. Xitian Wang Director (2007)                        2007         59    M
Mr. Lefu Wei    Director (2007)                        2007         67    M
Mr. Shengniu    Director (2008)                        2008         56    M
Yang

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   YaSheng Group, incorporated on January 12, 2004, is a holding company that
operates and conducts its business operations in the People's Republic of China.
The Company is a producer of specialty agriculture-based products, specializing
in developing the agriculture industry by cultivating, processing, marketing and
distributing a range of food and agro-byproducts. Its product portfolio includes
perishables and processed foods sold in volume, repackaged into units, or sold
directly to consumers in local markets. It produces main staples for animal
feed, fertilizers and agro-industry products, such as edible oils, or
bio-construction materials. The Company also operates a concrete plant in Baiyin
City, Gansu Province, China.

   The Company harvests its crops through its farming operations and from
collective farm operators. As of December 31, 2015, the Company's product
offerings included over 30 agriculture products under six areas, which include
field crops: cotton, corn, barley, wheat, flaxseed and alfalfa; vegetables:
onion, potato, beet and pea; fruit: apple, pear and apricot; specialty crops:
hops, wolfberry, cumin, hemp and liquorices root; seeds: black melon seeds,
sunflower seeds, corn seed, hemp seed and flax seed, and poultry: eggs. The
Company also produces additional fresh fruits and vegetables.

   As of December 31, 2015, the Company sold its products through a sales and
distribution network covering 19 provinces and over 121 cities in China. As of
December 29, 2015, the Company had approximately 238 distributors and 41 direct
clients. It sells its products to food processors, as well as processed within
the Company and then resold to supermarkets or other distributors, or further
processed into retail food products. The Company sells its fresh products within
Gansu province, as well as nationally to food processors and distributors, or
directly to the supermarkets. Its products are also sold as feed for livestock,
ingredients for Chinese traditional medicines, as well as other ingredients in
the food industry.

   The Company competes with China National Cereals, Oil and Foodstuffs
Corporation, and China Grains and Oils Group.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
11112 - Oilseed (except Soybean) Farming
SECONDARY NAICS:
11114 - Wheat Farming
11115 - Corn Farming
11192 - Cotton Farming
111211 - Potato Farming
111219 - Other Vegetable (except Potato) and Melon Farming
42291 - Farm Supplies Wholesalers
42259 - Other Farm Product Raw Material Wholesalers
11231 - Chicken Egg Production
551112 - Offices of  Other Holding Companies
PRIMARY SIC:
0119 - Cash Grains, Nec
SECONDARY SIC:
0111 - Wheat
0115 - Corn
0131 - Cotton
0134 - Irish Potatoes
0161 - Vegetables And Melons
5191 - Farm Supplies
5159 - Farm-Product Raw Materials, Nec
0252 - Chicken Eggs
6719 - Holding Companies, Nec
COMPETITORS:

     ·    The Coca-Cola Co
     ·    Chaoda Modern Agriculture (Holdings) Ltd


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Cash & Equivalents                       1,397          11,907          11,338
Cash and Short Term                      1,397          11,907          11,338
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,               877         112,095         103,062
Net
Total Receivables, Net                 112,753         112,095         103,062
Total Inventory                          1,251         341,756         318,980
Prepaid Expenses                         2,830           4,071           4,400
Total Current Assets                   118,231         469,829         437,780
Construction in Progress -              29,205           6,960           7,083
Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,               29,205       1,022,368         959,367
Total - Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,               39,429         912,229         855,762
Total - Net
Intangibles, Net                       100,666       1,097,762       1,057,083
Total Assets                           258,326       2,480,030       2,350,836



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Other Current Liabilities                   23           1,310           1,475
Other Current liabilities,                  23           1,310           1,475
Total
Total Current Liabilities                   99          37,176          43,962
Total Debt                              45,667           8,463          10,992
Total Liabilities                       45,766          58,250          68,536



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Common Stock                           157,166         155,097         155,097
Common Stock, Total                    157,166         155,097         155,097
Retained Earnings (Accumulated         111,876       1,822,695       1,683,760
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income            (56,482)         443,989         443,443
Other Equity, Total                   (56,482)         443,989         443,443
Total Equity                           212,560       2,421,781       2,282,300
Total Liabilities &                    258,326       2,480,030       2,350,836
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock             157,166         155,097         155,097
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                    157,166         155,097         155,097
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Full-Time Employees                     10,000          10,000          15,000
Number of Common Shareholders              346             346             345
Intangibles - Net                      100,666       1,097,762       1,057,083



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Total Current Assets less              116,980         128,073         118,800
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                              1,177               3               3
Current Ratio                            1,190              13              10
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &             44,269         (3,444)           (346)
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common            111,894       1,324,019       1,225,217
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               1               9               8
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Sales                              938,896       1,012,136       1,011,324
Revenue                                938,896       1,012,136       1,011,324
Total Revenue                          938,896       1,012,136       1,011,324
Cost of Revenue                        819,738         869,280         867,846
Cost of Revenue, Total                 819,738         869,280         867,846
Gross Profit                           119,158         142,855         143,478
Selling/General/Administrative           6,055           5,940           6,735
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                   6,055           5,940           6,735
Expenses, Total
Total Operating Expense                825,793         875,220         874,581
Operating Income                       113,103         136,915         136,743
Interest Expense -                       (573)           (667)           (937)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                    (573)           (667)           (937)
Non-Operating
Interest                                 (573)           (667)           (937)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Other Non-Operating Income               (654)             686             688
(Expense)
Other, Net                               (654)             686             688
Net Income Before Taxes                111,876         136,935         136,493
Net Income After Taxes                 111,876         136,935         136,493
Net Income Before Extra. Items         111,876         136,935         136,493
Income Available to Com Excl           111,876         136,935         136,493
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares          157,166         155,097         155,097
Basic EPS Excluding                          1               1               1
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average               157,166         155,097         155,097
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               1               1               1
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income                             111,876         136,935         136,493
Income Available to Com Incl           111,876         136,935         136,493
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Normalized Income Before Taxes         111,876         136,935         136,493
Normalized Income After Taxes          111,876         136,935         136,493
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          111,876         136,935         136,493
Basic Normalized EPS                         1               1               1
Diluted Normalized EPS                       1               1               1



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Gross Margin                                13              14              14
Operating Margin                            12              14              14
Pretax Margin                               12              14              13
Net Profit Margin                           12              14              13
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              113,103         136,915         136,743
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)            127,473         149,855         149,813



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Basic EPS Including                          1               1               1
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         112             137             136
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               1               1               1
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Interest Expense, Supplemental             573             667             937
Depreciation, Supplemental              14,370          12,940          13,070

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income/Starting Line               111,876         136,935         136,494
Depreciation                            14,370          12,940          13,070
Depreciation/Depletion                  14,370          12,940          13,070
Other Non-Cash Items                     1,334             930             438
Non-Cash Items                           1,334             930             438
Accounts Receivable                  (111,218)        (18,645)         (8,777)
Inventories                            340,505        (60,257)        (84,655)
Prepaid Expenses                         1,241             313           (315)
Accounts Payable                      (27,386)         (3,969)         (5,024)
Accrued Expenses                       (9,691)            (85)            (72)
Changes in Working Capital             193,452        (82,728)        (98,909)
Cash from Operating Activities         321,032          68,077          51,093
Purchase of Fixed Assets             (324,337)        (61,921)        (43,779)
Capital Expenditures                 (324,337)        (61,921)        (43,779)
Cash from Investing Activities       (324,337)        (61,921)        (43,779)
Cash from Financing Activities           2,068         (5,900)         (8,353)
Foreign Exchange Effects               (9,273)             313           1,397
Net Change in Cash                    (10,510)             569             358
Net Cash - Beginning Balance            11,907          11,338          10,980
Net Cash - Ending Balance                1,397          11,907          11,338
Cash Interest Paid                         759             667             937

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                         118,231
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        118,231
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           258,326
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          258,326
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,369,178
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         212,560
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        212,560
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,421,781
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          111,894
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,397
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,397
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,251
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,251
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                               99
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                             99
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             45,766
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           45,766
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          45,667
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         45,667
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        112,753
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            112,753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            212,560
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          212,560
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          45,667
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              45,667
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                          14,370
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          5,010
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                           14,370
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (3,305)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (7,630)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (3,305)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          34.85
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,043
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        12
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     36
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .69
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .65
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .69
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.78
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.25
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.78
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        11,187,600
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             8,898,010
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        11,187,600
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            16.62
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                14.74
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  16.62
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            93,889.63
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                91,955.67
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  93,889.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                    1,190.04
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           12.64
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              2.70
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                  9.85
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                   23.51
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              197.32
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              446.53
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    197.31
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  17.68
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      17.68
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  21.48
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      21.48
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           17.68
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               17.68
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                  1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                      1,177.45
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              3.45
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         17.68
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             17.68
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             17.68
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            17.68
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             21.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .75
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                128.40
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                128.40
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -89.58
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -89.58
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -34.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      51.70
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              3.46
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -53.84
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -46.42
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.38
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -18.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   5.96
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    2.53
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          13.46
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.85
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -4.41
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.99
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -53.22
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -46.42
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -18.30
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -18.30
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             2.80
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                       .76
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -24.48
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -15.03
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -7.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -7.24
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               5.17
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.02
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                1.75
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -2.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              138.37
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       819,738
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           204,245
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        819,738
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         22,184
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         111,876
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        22,184
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         111,876
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               113,104
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    23,290
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     113,104
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              127,473
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           149,855
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   28,300
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    127,473
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            573
USD)
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             653
Net Income available to common - most recent                            111,876
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             22,184
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            111,876
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         111,876
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            938,896
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                229,259
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          1,012,136
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  938,896
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        111,876
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        111,876
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   716
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            111,876
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  6.19
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              8.17
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.31
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               5.67
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               8.17
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  6.43
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              8.49
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             6.54
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               5.82
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               8.49
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.33
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             8.28
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 6.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   8.28
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,352
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               712
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,064
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             2,077
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           1,819
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               803
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               250
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   694
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              173
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,312
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              966
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              809
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               9
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              816
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              712
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              141
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   716
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             712
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             141
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   883
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             716
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              712
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                            (21)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             14
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (193)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (49)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           (5)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (21)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               291
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              291
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,974
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,851
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,459
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,013
Historical Relative P/E                                                  -11.31
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             .68
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                               .71
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                             .68
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   .68
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                           2.99
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                             .53
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                     .87
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                      .53
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                              .49
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                     .49
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                     .49
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .26
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .04
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                           .44
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .50
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                            .62
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            .44
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .06
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .09
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .06
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .49
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .49
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .37
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .37
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .71
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             14.06
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    13.58
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.58
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 12.69
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 14.11
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             13.46
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        10.91
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          12.69
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        12.76
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          11.92
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          13.53
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  9.68
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.53
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   11.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             12.05
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             13.53
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         12.83
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    10.16
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      12.05
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                11.92
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                13.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            12.76
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        9.68
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         11.92
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                              .64
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                             .75
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                               .64
Float                                                                     15.45
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         55,008
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            155.10
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           156.13
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         157.17
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             157.17
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           155.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             157.17
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        155.10
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           156.13
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          157.17
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             9.83

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Over The Counter
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 157,165,783
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 346
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Gansu Hongxin Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd.


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  12/31/201 12/31/201 12/31/201
                                                  4         3         2
Agriculture                    External Revenue   1,003,148 1,002,408 985,234
Agriculture                    Total Revenue      1,003,148 1,002,408 985,234
Agriculture                    Cost of Revenue    860,095   859,674   852,674
Agriculture                    Gross Profit       143,054   142,734   132,561
Agriculture                    Gross Margin (%)   14,261    14,239    13,455

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 9, 2005, Monday

ANALYSIS: HOW CHEMICALS ALTERED BALANCE BETWEEN FARMING AND NATURAL WORLD

BYLINE: MICHAEL MCCARTHY ENVIRONMENT EDITOR

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 375 words


One overwhelming cause is behind the dramatic decline of so much of British
flora: intensive farming.

Britain is such a small country that it cannot afford separate areas for
wildlife and agriculture, as to some extent is possible in the United States;
here, farming and wildlife have to coexist side by side.

They coexisted successfully, if now and then uneasily, for thousands of years.
Farmers might sometimes be annoyed at the 'weeds' in their cornfields, but could
never quite eradicate all the poppies, cornflowers and corn marigolds " so the
summer fields were vibrant with scarlet, blue and yellow flashes in amongst the
corn.

However, the chemical-based agriculture that started to emerge 40 to 50 years
ago dramatically altered the balance between farming and the natural world.
Potent herbicides allowed farmers to get rid of many of the unwanted plants in
their arable fields, and their populations tumbled; sights such as a field of
poppies, familiar to most people in Britain over the age of 50, simply
disappeared.

It was not just in the arable fields, either, that wild flowers started
vanishing: the grassland pastures where sheep and cattle fed also held rich
communities of plant life, and they too have been badly affected. Here, the
cause was not pesticides, but fertilisers. The proposition that adding
fertiliser to a field causes flowers to disappear may seem counter- intuitive to
non-botanists, but it is sadly true. What happens is that for a few species "
and usually only the target grass "there is enormous benefit and vigorous extra
growth, but this is so strong that it out-competes everything else. Other plants
cannot survive.

Agricultural chemicals have been the main problem, but not the only one. Man has
made many direct assaults on the landscape: sensitive habitats with specialised
flora such as chalk grassland or lowland heath have gone under the plough or
under concrete. The change in farming practices has also contributed, such as
the shift from haymaking to silage and the destruction of hedges.

The fields still look green when you go for your country walk; but often, green
is all they look, and the wonderful pattern of colour they once exhibited is no
longer to be seen.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                             May 9, 2002, Thursday

'A' for talk, 'F' for action

BYLINE: KEENE Howard

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 18; Farming

LENGTH: 383 words


Agriculture Minister Jim Sutton has strongly criticised the United States,
saying it owes the world an explanation over its proposed Farm Bill which will
increase subsidies.

"The United States has always got an 'A' for rhetoric about trade
liberalisation, but at the moment it would be lucky to get an 'F' for effort,"
said Mr Sutton.

He said it was ludicrous that the United States farm industry, which was modern,
technologically competent, and productive, received about 30 per cent of its
annual net income from subsidies.

The Farm Bill, expected to be signed into law by President Bush within two
weeks, boosts funding for subsidies and a range of environmental programmes by $

 US73 billion ($ 160 billion).

Of interest to New Zealand is the creation of new subsidies for wool, mohair,
and honey, as well as a new dairy-price programme.

The bill reverses shifts towards free trade in the American farming sector.

Mr Sutton said the increased subsidies for American farmers would have an impact
on the prices New Zealand farmers would receive for their products.

"This is difficult for New Zealand to accept. We've worked with the United
States to promote trade in agriculture. We have heard very fine speeches. This
bill just flies in the face of that."

He said if the bill was passed it would inevitably lead to the US breaching its
World Trade Organisation commitments.

Mr Sutton will visit Washington later this month.

Any decision on action would depend on his discussion with American officials,
and talks with other affected nations, he said.

The bill makes country- of-origin labelling compulsory for meat, and that has
upset Meat New Zealand chief executive Neil Taylor.

He said the move was intended to suggest to US consumers that US beef was safer
than imported beef.

"Of course New Zealand beef and lamb more than match US product in terms of
safety and quality, but we're dealing with consumer perceptions here which are
notoriously quick to shift."

Mr Taylor said that last week some US farmers struck out at New Zealand beef,
alleging it was less safe than US beef. This was a bid to fight fast-food giant
McDonald's in its testing of New Zealand and Australian beef in some US
restaurants.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Jim Sutton

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Fairfax New Zealand


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Sidney Herald (Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 8, 2010

Montana Farm Bureau comments in support of Roundup Ready beets

BYLINE: Sidney Herald staff

LENGTH: 373  words


The Montana Farm Bureau Federation has submitted comments to the U.S. Department
of Agriculture on USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
published draft Environmental Assessment. This assessment provides an analysis
of any environmental impacts, associated with actions the agency is considering
for Roundup Ready sugar beets.

"Montana Farm Bureau members support Roundup Ready technology due to the fact
that Montana is a large sugar beet-producing state, and Roundup Ready Technology
has been proven safe," said farm bureau executive vice president Jake Cummins in
the comments. "Additionally, markets have proven that consumers are more than
willing to purchase sugar processed from Roundup Ready sugar beets."

Planted on 1.2 million acres in the United States annually and supplying half of
our nation's sugar, sugar beets are an important crop. The value of sugar beet
crops is critically important to rural communities and their economies. Biotech
sugar beets planted on 95 percent of all sugar beet acreage have allowed growers
to control weeds - one of their greatest challenges - in a more environmentally
sustainable way

Don Steinbeisser Jr., a Richland County Farm Bureau board member and sugar beet
grower, is a fan of Roundup Ready sugar beets. "First, by using the Roundup
Ready method of farming, we use reduced tillage, meaning greatly reduced soil
erosion. Secondly, we don't have to make as many passes in the field applying
chemical, so the soil doesn't get compacted. Third, we now only need to use one
chemical instead of four or five," Steinbeisser noted. "Roundup is a very
environmentally friendly product. We haven't seen any resistance trouble."

Steinbeisser said that from a producer viewpoint, the Roundup Ready method has a
very big plus - beets won't be killed by chemicals. "It's common that you'll
kill about 10 percent of your beet crop using conventional farming chemicals,"
Steinbeisser said. "By using Roundup Ready beets, that's no longer a problem."

Even though this technology has been proven safe, environmental activists filed
a lawsuit to stop the use of Roundup Ready sugar beets.

"There is less erosion, reduced chemical use, less soil compaction and a better
yield," Steinbeisser said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SID

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Sidney Herald


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 30, 1998, Monday

Canada, US chicken farmers are not birds of a feather;
Marketing differences separate the two

BYLINE: BY COURTNEY TOWER

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


They were chicken farmers together, but worlds apart - Don Allen, contract
grower from Arkansas, and his Canadian poultry counterparts.

""You have a completely different perspective of the poultry world than I have
as a contract grower,'' he said, wishing that his world would change.

Aspects of the Canadian poultry world that look so solid and stable to Mr. Allen
are bound to become crucial trade issues, with the United States on one side and
Canada on the other, in forthcoming renewed world trade negotiations.

Mr. Allen, treasurer of the U.S. National Contract Poultry Growers Association,
contrasted the differences in agriculture practices between the United States
and Canada in a recent address to the Chicken Farmers of Canada, which
represents the 2,800 comparatively small poultry farmers.

He portrayed the U.S. system as mainly a contract-farmer industry, with farmers
almost in bondage to giant agribusiness companies like Tyson's, ConAgra or
Cargill.

""They own the birds, own the feed, and pay an average 4.5 cents a pound, when
they paid 3.5 cents in 1977,'' he said. Contract farmers must agree to detailed
instructions as to how they shall operate, and must buy and install whatever new
device or piece of equipment that takes the major company's fancy, he said.

The U.S. chicken industry oscillates between boom and bust, with overproduction
encouraged by the major companies, Mr. Allen said. New entrants were coming in
all the time, depressing prices to the farmer and ruining many with the
unpredictable swings that occurred.

Mr. Allen's association is behind a bill working its way through the House of
Representatives. The bill would bring more control over the large integrated
companies. The bill, H.R. 2738, would bring mediation to disputes between
companies and growers. It would set up a body accredited by the secretary of
agriculture that would bargain with the companies of behalf of the growers.

The Canadian industry is largely one of family firms, reasonably profitable and
stable. Production and prices are controlled under a national system of
bargaining between processors and farmers through their provincial marketing
boards.

A report by Statistics Canada puts poultry and egg growers, and dairy farmers,
at the top of the farm heap for return on investment, with the exception of
tobacco farmers, a minuscule segment. The feather and dairy industries are the
only ones in Canada to practice nationally operated systems of production and
price-setting, known as supply management.

Opponents say these features, and the practice of setting differing domestic and
export prices and paying the farmer one blended price, are violations of market
enterprise.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Dayton Review (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 7, 2014

Alliger named FFA Star Over Iowa (Production);
Klingson and Kehoe capture 1st place...

BYLINE: Dayton Review staff

LENGTH: 634  words


The 86th State FFA Leadership Conference was held April 28 and 29, 2014 on the
campus of Iowa State University. Over 5,200 members, advisors and guest were
present.

Local FFA president Austin Promes served as the chapter's official voting
delegate during the business session. Meals from the Heartland

Thanks to the Iowa FFA Association's partnership with Meals from the Heartland,
an initiative of the Iowa Food and Family Project, Iowa Soybean Association,
GROWMARK, and the Iowa FFA Foundation more than 1,600 FFA members packaged over
250,000 rice-soy meals to help families in Iowa and abroad. Six local members
assisted in this activity this year.

The 2014 Stars Over Iowa Winners were announced on Tuesday afternoon. A Star
Over Iowa was selected in each of the four different areas: Agricultural
Placement, Agriscience, Agribusiness, and Agricultural Production. Iowa Star in
Production Agriculture

Alex Alliger, the son of Larry and Jill Alliger, of the Prairie Valley/SWG FFA
Chapter at Gowrie was selected as the Iowa Star in Production Agriculture. His
agricultural education instructor and FFA advisor is Mr. Steven Kehoe. During
the past four years, Alliger has developed skills with corn, soybeans, swine,
and cattle production. Alliger began by recording his placement hours on his
family's diversified farming operation, and he also finished out 250 market
hogs. Since that time, his SAE program has grown to finish over 1,000 market
hogs and assisted his family in keeping records with their cattle, corn and
soybean operation. Alliger is currently a freshman at Des Moines Area Community
College and plans to earn a degree in the Agricultural Business program. Iowa
FFA Degrees

The Iowa FFA Degree is the highest degree that can be bestowed upon a FFA member
by the Iowa FFA Association each year. Only 5% of the FFA members in iowa
receive the degree. Each Iowa FFA Degree recipient receives a certificate and
the golden State FFA Charm pin, which is made possible with support from DuPont
Pioneer through the Iowa FFA Foundation. Receiving their Iowa FFA Degree this
year was Alex Alliger, Gowrie; Curt Castenson, Harcourt; Alexis Hanson, Gowrie;
Taylor Nelson, Otho; and Clayton Taylor, Lohrville. Proficiency Awards

Logan Klingson the son of Mark and Kim Klingson and Trey Kehoe, the son of
Patrick and Christi Kehoe were state winners in the agricultural proficiency
award area. Logan Klingson earned first place gold in Agricultural Mechanics
(repair and maintenance). Trey Kehoe placed first in the area of Diversified
Horticulture.

Josh Carlson (Jim and Jennifer Carlson) was runner-up in forage production.
Clayton Taylor (Clark and Jennifer Taylor) was runner-up in grain production.
Tristan Petersen (Shad and Barb Petersen) placed second in Wildlife Management.

Other members whose applications advanced to state were: Branden Fiala, Moorland
- Ag. Processing - Silver rating; Austin Promes, Gowrie-Agri-cultural Services-
Silver rating; Bailey Wal-rod, Moorland-Beef Production-Silver rating; Alex
Alliger, Gowrie-Diversified Ag. Production-Gold rating; Alexis Hanson,
Gowrie-Beef Production Placement-Silver rating; Bryce Scott, Pilot
Mound-Diversified Livestock Production-Silver rating; Allie Berg, Somers-Sheep
Production-Silver rating; Curt Castenson, Harcourt-Turf Grass Mgt.-Gold rating;
Cadie Schmadeke, Callender, Vegetable Production-Silver rating.

Bryce Scott, the son of Rob and Lorna Scott was the North Central Districts
candidate for the United Boone FFA Alumni Rising Star Award He was honored
Tuesday afternoon for his efforts. Scott was also a member of the FFA Band.

The chapter earned a gold rating in the National Chapter Award program placing
23rd overall. The chapter was also recognized in donating over $1,000.00 to the
Iowa FFA Foundation's Ambassador Program.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DYR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Dayton Review


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Camelina 'Partnered' with Soybeans for Food and Fuel Benefits

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Research Service has issued
the following news release:



 Once considered a weed, camelina is gaining popularity in some parts of the
country as a soil-protecting winter cover crop. Additionally, its seed contains
high-quality oil for use in cooking and as biodiesel, offering a renewable
alternative to imported petroleum.





 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) scientists have been on the forefront of
studies to make camelina and other novel oilseed crops more profitable for
farmers to grow, easier for industry to process, and better performing as
finished biofuels and other products. At the Soil Management Research Unit,
operated in Morris, Minnesota, by USDA's Agricultural Research Service (ARS),
scientists are evaluating the outcome of integrating camelina, canola,
pennycress and other oilseeds with plantings of traditional Midwestern crops,
such as corn and soybeans.



 In a recent study published in the April issue of Agronomy Journal, ARS
scientists Russ Gesch and Jane Johnson examined the seasonal water use of double
cropping and relay cropping-strategies that overlap the growth of winter
camelina and soybean. Highlights of their findings are:



     Under natural rainfall conditions, relay cropping (in which the soybean
crop is seeded between rows of growing camelina plants) used less water than
double cropping (in which soybean seed is sown right after a camelina harvest,
around mid to late June) and produced higher soybean yields.



     Relay-cropped soybean yields were lower than those of full-season soybean
crops; however, the total oil yield from the relay system (camelina plus soy)
was 50 percent greater than the full-season soybean-only crop.



     Net economic returns of relay cropping were competitive with those of
full-season soybean, while adding the benefits of a cover crop.



 According to the researchers, the study demonstrates a sustainable way to grow
crops for both food and fuel on the same parcel of land, which could potentially
offer farmers a dual source of income in a single season.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday

ECONOMIC FORUM;
Agriculture needs reform;
Farming lobby stumbling block when negotiating FTAs, EPAs

BYLINE: Yoshikuni Sugiyama, Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 920 words


What must be done to facilitate progress on the country's negotiations for
sealing free trade agreements and economic partnership agreements, as this
country has been alarmingly lagging behind the global trend of formulating FTAs
and EPAs?

The largest stumbling block for this country to negotiate free trade pacts with
the nation's trade partners is without doubt the agricultural industry.

Now, no time should be wasted in addressing the task of farm reform.

An expert study panel of the government's key policymaking body, the Council on
Economic and Fiscal Policy, chaired by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, has put forth
an interim report calling for a radical reform package of the country's farm
sector.

Although the government made bids to reform the ailing farm industry many times
in the past, they all went round in circles, getting nowhere.

A proposal in the interim report by the panel for globalization reforms of the
national economy points out the need for making the nation's agriculture strong
enough to withstand the impact of a liberalized farm market, by means of
grouping small farming lots into large-scale operations.

Farm reform must be enforced without delay and the government should incorporate
the reform blueprint into the forthcoming Basic Policies for Economic and Fiscal
Management and Structural Reform for 2007 that the Cabinet will approve in June.

South Korea struck a deal in April concluding an FTA with the United States.

Commenting on the Washington-Seoul FTA, the interim report expresses strong
concern noting that Japan, in the event of being left behind, would be "in
danger of finding ourselves in a situation seriously disadvantageous in the
international market."

Regarding the need for an FTA or EPA between Japan and the United States, the
report proposes that joint industrial-academic-government studies be started on
the matter promptly on a bilateral basis.

Japan's negotiations on FTAs and EPAs have so far focused on countries in Asia.

Japan's pacts with Singapore and Malaysia are already in effect, while those
with the Philippines and Thailand have been signed.

None of these countries, however, is a major exporter of agricultural produce,
and the issue of liberalizing farm trade was not a major subject of negotiations
with them.

If this country begins negotiating with the United States on an FTA or EPA, the
problem of farm trade liberalization will certainly be the highest on the
agenda.

It also is certain that Japan's domestic agricultural organizations will react
strongly to the negotiations, intensely opposing the idea of liberalizing farm
trade with the United States.

The more reluctant the government is to begin trade negotiations with the United
States because of the opposition from farm lobbies, the more losses the Japanese
economy as a whole will be bound to suffer.

The interim report makes reference to various reform plans to boost the
international competitiveness of Japan's agriculture.

It calls for plots of farmland that are left idle to be grouped for effective
utilization in a way conducive to fostering enterprises that operate larger
fields.

Abandoned farmland stood at 386,000 hectares throughout the country in 2005,
accounting for as much as 10 percent of the nation's entire arable land. The
acreage of the deserted fields is equivalent to the whole of Shiga Prefecture.

To ensure effective use of the abandoned farmland, the report says no
restrictions should be imposed in principle on types of management of farming
enterprises, while also noting that regulations governing the transfer of
farmland ownership should be lifted.

In addition, the report specifically recommends that the maximum period for
renting farmland, currently set at 20 years under the Civil Code, be extended to
enable farmland borrowers to engage in agricultural business in a stable manner.

It also notes each prefectural government, including the administrations of
Tokyo and Hokkaido, should establish an independent organization comprising farm
business operators and experts, with the aim of encouraging adequate use of
farmland and expansion of the scale of farming operations.

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry, for its part, has presented
its report to the Council on Economic and Fiscal Policy. The report, titled
"Desirable Agricultural Policies in an Age of Globalization," shows what the
ministry favors in dealing with the issues of FTAs and EPAs.

While stressing the need to reform the nation's domestic agriculture, the
ministry in the report reiterates its posture opposed to "rushing the process of
farm trade liberalization." The report says the ministry has remained resolved
to "defend domestic farm interests as long as they are deemed as deserving of
being protected."

"Sufficient attention should be paid to the impact on domestic agriculture in
the event of farm trade liberalization," the report says.

Indications, therefore, are that the liberalization proposals by the expert
study panel would meet strong objections from farm lobbies.

For a country that has received a great deal of benefit from trade
liberalization since the end of World War II, there can be no doubt that efforts
for expediting FTA and EPA negotiations will be beneficial to the national
interest from a long-range point of view.

Prime Minister Abe should be determined to give full play to his leadership to
have the proposals by the expert study panel adopted and enforced as government
policy without fail.

Sugiyama is economic news editor of The Yomiuri Shimbun.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            January 6, 2004 Tuesday

Our beef on menu as US suffers

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 243 words


THE mad cow disease scare affecting the United States has sparked significant
interest in Australian grain-fed cattle, our second-largest beef producer said
yesterday.

Australian Agricultural Company chief executive Peter Holmes a Court said the
level of contact from Asian clients was up markedly over the past few weeks.

"No doubt we have had an increase in direct inquiries and indirect inquiries
through Australian processors who send to Asia," Mr Holmes a Court said.

The US Department of Agriculture said late last week another cattle herd in
Washington state was under quarantine.

This brings to three the number placed under a state hold order since the first
case of mad cow disease was announced in the US on December 23.

The outbreak in the US of bovine spongiform encephalopathy, better known as mad
cow disease, has led to several countries banning US beef imports.

Australia's livestock industry hopes the US mad cow outbreak will boost local
beef exports.

AACo, which has 19 cattle stations in Queensland and the Northern Territory
covering some 6.5 million hectares, has two feedlots where cattle are grain fed.

It also produces Wagyu, a tender Japanese style of beef with a distinctive
taste, which it sells directly into Asia.

AACo said it had entered agreements to buy the Carrum Station, in central
Queensland, and approximately 58,000 cattle for about $50 million.

AACo shares closed up 4c at $1.26.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 27, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Canada's Problem -- and America's

BYLINE:  By Michael K. Hansen;  Michael K. Hansen is a senior research associate
at Consumers Union.

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: YONKERS


The discovery of a case of mad cow disease in Canada underlines the need for
American officials to exercise much greater vigilance to prevent the emergence
of this fatal brain-wasting disease in the United States. Live cattle, beef
products and animal feed move relatively freely between the United States and
Canada; last year the United States imported one billion pounds of beef from
Canada. Unfortunately, the federal government's defenses are full of gaps.

Mad cow disease is one of several similar fatal brain diseases known as
transmissible spongiform encephalopathies. They are so named because of their
main effect: the infected brain eventually becomes riddled with spongelike
holes. The disease is believed to be caused by a mutant protein that, when
eaten, travels through the body to the brain. The effect on the victim is always
the same: mental deterioration and death.

There have been 100 confirmed deaths in Britain from the human form of mad cow
disease, which is thought to be caused by eating tainted beef, and the number is
rising. So far the United States has been lucky. But to prevent an outbreak, a
number of steps need to be taken immediately.

First, we need to screen more cattle for the disease. Last year, the United
States Department of Agriculture tested only 19,990 cows believed to be at risk
for mad cow disease, out of a population of about 96 million. This sample is far
too small to detect a problem that might be small but growing. The department
should mandate the use of rapid tests, currently used in Europe, which have
allowed testing of all cattle above a certain age at slaughter. Last year
European regulators tested more than 10 million cattle for mad cow disease, out
of a total population of some 40 million.

The Food and Drug Administration should also ban the feeding of all animal
remains to food animals. At factory farms and feed lots, cattle, hogs and
chickens eat a relatively high-protein diet, and much of this protein comes from
the rendered remains of other cattle, hogs or chickens.

The European Union, for example, does not allow animal remains to be fed to any
food animal. (In Britain, cows are believed to have been infected by eating
sheep with scrapie, which is a form of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy.)
But under the F.D.A.'s current rules, cattle remains can still be fed to other
animals, such as pigs and chickens, whose remains can then be fed back to cows.
Even the remains of an animal known to carry a form of mad cow disease could go
into rendered feed, under F.D.A. rules.

More than just meat is at risk. Materials from some of the most potentially
infectious parts of a cow, including brains, eyes and spleen, sometimes end up
in dietary supplements. This fact, along with recent deaths associated with use
of the dietary supplement ephedra, underlines the need for Congress to require
dietary supplements to prove their safety before being marketed.

Despite all these efforts, an outbreak could still occur. If it does, we might
not know for some time if Americans were becoming infected with a mad-cow-like
disease at an increased rate -- because it is not one of the diseases doctors
and hospitals must report to the Centers for Disease Control. It should be made
a mandatory reportable disease.

While the government considers what it can do, what should consumers do? The
size of the risk is unknown, so it's hard to say. However, some foods are
clearly more risky than others.

Since the most infectious material is to be found in the brains of cows,
consumers could simply avoid them. Some processed beef products, like many
sausages and hot dogs, are produced using machines that scour a cow carcass for
all available meat. Since they may contain central nervous system tissue, some
people may want to avoid them as well. A steak, or hamburger that the butcher
grinds in front of you, carries the least risk. Consumers may also want to
consider organic or grass-fed beef, since these cows are not fed any animal
proteins.

The bottom line is that the government should act now to protect the food
supply. Delay will only allow any potential problem to get worse.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 19, 1983 Tuesday

Bumper crops   create tension

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (Reuter) - A third consecutive year of bumper grain harvests
 world-wide is heightening tensions between major grain exporting countries
 and causing some to rethink their farm policies.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently forecast 1983 world grain
 output at more than 1.6 billion metric tons, only 2 per cent below last
 year's record crop.

Frustrated by declines in the U.S. share of the market, the U.S. Rice
 Millers Association and the National Soybean Processors Association have
 asked the Government for relief from other countries' export subsidies.

The United States and the European Economic Community have scheduled
 six more months of talks about farm subsidies and export market shares
 after an initial six months of discussion yielded virtually nothing.

Howard Hjort, a private economist and former U.S. assistant secretary
 of agriculture, said the trade disputes are really only the symptoms. Too
 much grain and not enough demand are the real problems, he said.

The USDA reduced its forecast of world coarse grain trade in the crop
 year ending next June by 1.2 million tons to 94.2 million tons, mostly
 because of improved crop prospects.

Although the Australian wheat crop is barely in the ground, early
 forecasts put it at more than 17 million tons, almost double last year's
 drought-reduced harvest.

The world market for wheat is further tightened by record wheat and
 rice crops forecast in China, normally a large wheat importer.

The Soviet Union, also a large importer in recent years, is expecting a
 rebound from three consecutive poor harvests.

The USDA has lowered its July forecast of the Soviet Union's 1983-84
 grain imports to 30 million tons, almost 17 per cent below its June
 forecast and well below an estimated 46 million tons two years earlier.

Prospects in Brazil are for a good soybean harvest, which could double
 this year's exports.

EEC grain output is expected to fall slightly, but officials said
 exports will remain stable as stocks remain high.

In the United States, huge stocks will keep exportable supplies large
 despite an acreage decline owing to a new government program called
 "payment in kind," under which farmers are paid in grain for leaving land
 idle.

The cost of supporting farm prices in the face of reduced demand has
 caused the United States and the EEC to re-evaluate farm policies.

Agriculture Secretary John Block has met farm and agricultural business
 leaders to discuss reforms that would not take effect until 1985. The EEC
 Commission is also considering plans for unprecedented cuts in farm
 subsidies.

But U.S. agricultural economists said the only real cure for the global
 grain market is a sustained and worldwide economic recovery.

Mr. Hjort said there is no question the demand potential is there, but
 many countries are too hard-pressed for cash to buy what they need.

Mexico, for example, has asked the United States for a $500-million
 advance in agricultural credit guarantees to buy farm products.

By the end of May, Mexico had already exhausted the $1.2-billion
 authorized for farm purchases in the 1983 financial year.

The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization reported in mid-
 June abnormal food shortages prevailed in 16 countries, mostly in Africa.

Asked why the United States cuts production while people are starving,
 Mr. Block has responded that storage and distribution problems make it
 virtually impossible to get much more food to the poor than is already
 being distributed.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               December 13, 2013

Attitudes to Aussie farms must change;
Importance of Australian farming being revitalised

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 633  words



HIGHLIGHT: Valuable skills: Critics will soon eat humble pie


FOLLOWING the GrainCorps comedy and the analysis of the United States purchaser,
the prospect of Australian participation in an Asian Food Bowl has been
revitalised by Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce.

Farming is a fizzer in many commercial circles in the land down under, but
agriculture is very real and ironically many people do eat.

The status of the Australian Dairy Industry is an illustration of Australian
economic enigma.

One hundred years ago in 1913 the South Burnett Co-operative Dairy industry was
established in Murgon with a solid body of farmers.

Deemed to be non- competitive with its co-operative status, the dairy
association was governmentally abolished.

The economic excellence of that era prevails today and regional Australia is a
capital city outcast. The Asian ascendancy might see a change in the Australian
agricultural attitude.

Brekkie meet

FOUR kangaroos have breakfast every morning at "Castra" Murgon and enjoy every
bite of it.

The Murgon Rotary Club met at "Castra" on Wednesday evening and discussed the
success of the recent Music Muster.

Rotarian Pat Donohue, recently returned from a fortnight in the United States,
reported on the Stars and Stripes.

Rotarian Babu Singh of Fiji origin, now resident in Murgon and associated with
Cherbourg, greeted two visitors from New Zealand, Nick Taitusi and Willie Hume.

The Murgon Rotary Club in its 58th year is continuing its community
consolidation in the South Burnett town.

KEITH Goodchild was president of the Murgon Rotary Club in 1993-94 and is now
resident in Canberra with wife, Cleo, who is a regular correspondent with Mrs
Kath Braithwaite in Murgon.

Cleo's grandmother, Mrs Martha Angel, is sentimentally recognised as the "Mother
of Murgon." Before banks, Mrs Angel's credit kept the farming community in
business from 1907 onwards.

In a recent letter from Canberra, Cleo wrote "A trip to the Canberra Aboriginal
Centre and I was able to speak to a few interested teenagers about Cherbourg and
a few "Aunties".

Son-in-law Peter, a recently retired officer in the Royal Australian Air Force,
has been asked to return to the RAAF to work on an exciting new plane. So now
"he has donned the uniform again".

Bruce and Jenny Bishop recently visited Keith and Cleo in Canberra.

Speaker named

AS AUSTRALIA Day approaches it's timely to refer to the Murgon celebration of
the event at the Queensland Dairy and Heritage Museum.

Guest speaker this year is Brett Heading, grandson of Sir James Heading and
chairman of solicitors, McCullough and Robertson, Brisbane.

Brett's business interests also include Clovelly Vineyards, Moffatdale. The
Heading family is synonymous with the foundation of Murgon and district and this
is significant in the choice of guest Australia Day speaker for 2014.

Murgon has been heading in the right direction since 1903 and in its 111th year
Brett Heading is a very appropriate choice as guest speaker on Australia Day.

Chairman of the Queensland Dairy and Heritage Museum Committee, Richard O'Neill
is very pleased with the visitation attendance during 2013.

Up, up and away

FOR the best part of a century Qantas has been flying Australia, 93 years in
fact. A 1920 origin in Winton, Queensland, saw the flying kangaroo leap into
international travel.

From biplane to jet Qantas has been a world leader in a period where sentimental
history has to withstand business bombardment.

Qantas was in its early teens when Smithy landed the Southern Cross at
Angelfield, Murgon. Aircraft were still learning to fly.

In 2013 heritage is a sentimental component of aircraft travel and the Kangaroos
in Rugby League have a better chance of survival than Qantas.

With 32,000 employees Shorten has a formidable stake in a Qantas survival. For
93 years Qantas has flown effectively with all its planes securely airborne.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 9, 2007 Sunday

Area expert will help rebuild Iraq's ag sector: Walsenburg extension agent will
work for Foreign Agricultural Service.

BYLINE: Tammy Alhadef, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


Sep. 9--WALSENBURG -- A lifelong love of adventure and a desire to make a
difference in the world has led one Colorado State University county extension
agent to set out on a path for one of the world's most dangerous regions.

Huerfano County extension agent Jim Conley will pack his bags and head to Iraq
in October as a member of the United States Department of Agriculture's Foreign
Agricultural Service. Serving as an agricultural adviser for one year, Conley,
55, will be part of a 75-member provincial reconstruction team commissioned to
rebuild an Iraqi province somewhere north of Baghdad.

"I've heard we're headed to Kirkuk, but you just never know," he said.

Taking with him 5 years of extension experience and three agricultural degrees,
Conley said his job would be to help the province redevelop its agricultural
economy with cotton and small grain crops.

Iraq, he said, has always had a strong agricultural heritage.

"Between the Tigris and the Euphrates rivers, that's where farming started," he
said.

Unfortunately, agriculture in the region has been decimated by war. Even before
that, Conley said, food production was "down the tubes" with Saddam Hussein
diverting resources away from farming.

According the USDA Web site, FAS is working closely with other government
agencies to rebuild the agricultural infrastructure of the war-torn country and
ensure food security for its people. The agency sent its first agricultural
advisors to Iraq in 2006.

Conley heard about the program through a friend, who also was accepted into the
program. Conley said he got on the Internet to find out more and decided to
apply.

"I noticed that they were looking for USDA employees who had experience as
extension agents and I thought I'd go for it," he said. Even though he wasn't a
USDA employee, they made an exception.

Conley said he's proud to serve.

"I think it will really be a personally enriching experience for me, that
opportunity to make a small difference," he said. "Living on the edge, living
and working under those conditions. Anything I could do here at home, I think it
could be a hundred-fold over there."

ON THE NET

Foreign Agricultural Service http://www.fas.usda.gov.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070909-PB-Area-expert-will-help-rebuild-Iraq-s-ag-sector-0909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 8, 2015

King Crop Insurance hosts senate staffers

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 322  words


King Crop Insurance in Georgetown hosted staffers from the U.S. Senate
Agriculture Committee recently. James Glueck, senior policy advisor, and Wayne
Stoskopf, professional staff, from Sen. Pat Roberts' office and Kyle Varner,
policy analyst from Sen. Debbie Stabenow's office visited King Crop Insurance to
learn more about the agent's role in administering the crop insurance program to
farmers on Delmarva.

The 2014 Farm Bill strengthened crop insurance and added provisions to help
beginning farmers. The staffers wanted some direct feedback about the impact of
the farm bill changes on farming in the Delmarva region. Delaware and Maryland
agriculture industries each contribute over $1.5 billion to their state's
economies. The day started with a visit to Evans Farms in Bridgeville. Kevin
Evans is a third-generation farmer producing grain crops and variety of
vegetables. He and his wife Katey run a produce stand on the farm and recently
launched the Frozen Farmer featuring ice cream and sorbet frozen treats. Evans
gave the staffers an overview of his farming operation and how he uses crop
insurance as a part of his risk management plan. Farm and crop insurance
programs are constantly being targeted by budget cutters on Capitol Hill. The
farming community wants the committee to know that limiting or reducing premium
subsidies could have negative effects on the financial condition of farms and on
crop insurance program participation. To limit or cap large farming operation
participation would drive premium costs higher. All three farmers represented
were concerned with the delay in the passing and the complexity of the Farm
Bill. There were no objections to eliminating the direct payment program, the
countercyclical program, or the Average Crop Revenue Election program. However,
the complexity of the programs and the fact the farmer was committing to the
selections for the life of the bill was objectionable.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 5, 2004 Sunday

Let's stop subsidizing farmers

BYLINE: Sara F. Cooper

LENGTH: 538 words


GREAT BARRINGTON, Mass. -- When Secretary of Agriculture-designate Mike Johanns
takes office, his first order of business should be pushing for an end to
America's drastically distorted farm subsidy programs.

Eliminating U.S. farm subsidies would dramatically reduce government spending,
end a program that mostly benefits corporate interests and the wealthy,
strengthen U.S. agriculture, give us needed leverage in international trade
negotiations, and allow the United States to extricate itself from the
embarrassing practice of undermining its own foreign-aid program.

The U.S. made $17 billion in direct government payments to farmers and ranchers
in 2003 -- 32 percent of net farm income. Additional billions came in indirect
assistance, delivered via subsidized loans and insurance, loan guarantees and
tax breaks.

If the farm lobby's argument that such largesse is necessary to preserve the
family farm ever applied, it doesn't now. About 40 percent of all farms receive
government payments. The bulk, however, go to larger farms. While just 7 percent
of all U.S. farms have sales of $250,000 or more, this 7 percent receive almost
half of all government payments.

Eligibility for farm subsidies is determined by crop, not by income or poverty
standards. Growers of corn, wheat, cotton, soybeans and rice receive more than
90 percent of subsidies. Growers of the other 400 domestic crops receive
nothing.

Because crop rather than need determines eligibility, billionaires such as Ted
Turner and corporate behemoths such as Georgia Pacific and Cargill are
subsidized. The struggling little guy usually receives nothing.

Farm subsidies are a barrier to trade, putting the United States at a
disadvantage in negotiations for increased market access in other countries.
Countries are less than eager to remove trade barriers when the United States
won't remove its own.

Subsidies also undermine U.S. efforts to help developing economies. On the one
hand, the United States annually provides billions of dollars in foreign aid to
developing countries. At the same time, U.S. farm subsidies prevent farmers in
those countries from effectively competing in, or with, the U.S. market.

U.S. farmers claim that since their European counterparts receive subsidies,
they need them to compete. Yet New Zealand's prosperous agricultural sector --
which at one time was also addicted to subsidies -- shows this is untrue. New
Zealand farm subsidies are the lowest in the world; its agricultural sector is
growing at a faster pace than the overall economy.

New Zealand did away with most farm subsidies in 1984. It's farmers no longer
make decisions based on government handouts. They regrouped and reorganized.
They cut spending. They found ways to increase the market value of their crops
or switched crops altogether.

New Zealand lost less than 1 percent of its farming businesses. Family farming,
not corporate farming, expanded. New Zealand agriculture was not destroyed; it
changed to meet the demands of the market and thrived.

New Zealand has proved it's possible to eliminate farm subsidies. It's time for
the United States to prove it again.

Sara F. Cooper is a visiting fellow at the American Institute for Economic
Research.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 29, 2012 Thursday

Largest U.S. corn planting since the 1930s expected

BYLINE: By Tom Webb twebb@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Business

LENGTH: 571 words


Nothing like $6-a-bushel corn to get farmers' attention.

U.S. farmers expect to plant the greatest corn acreage in 75 years, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture reported Friday, March. 30, as growers rush to cash in
on high prices and seek to rebuild dwindling supplies.

"Minnesota farmers, and all grain farmers in the United States, have had a
couple of good years, and this points the way to another good year," said Edward
Usset, a grain marketing specialist at the University of Minnesota.

The world would welcome a huge crop. Corn supplies are already heading to their
second-tightest on record, which would contribute to rising food prices, stress
for grain users and hardship in poor nations around the globe.

But demand for other crops is tight, too. That tightrope came into sharper focus
Friday when the USDA issued a pair of much-watched grain reports.

The first report showed that farmers expect to plant 95.9 million acres of corn
this spring, 4 percent more than last year. In Minnesota, corn acreage would be
up 7 percent to 8.7 million acres, a record.

But the second report showed that grain stockpiles were even tighter than
expected. That jolted the grain exchanges.

Corn prices rose the 40-cent maximum trading limit in Chicago, due to the second
report, while soybean and wheat prices leapt 46 and 48 cents, respectively,
because the plantings report showed so much farmland going into corn.

"It sure ignited things," Usset said.

The USDA issues its Prospective Plantings report each March, giving the first
official look at what farmers nationwide intend to grow.

U.S. soybean acres are projected at 73.9 million acres, down 1 percent from last
year. In Minnesota, planned soybean acres will fall 3 percent, to 6.9 million
acres. That is fewer acres than the grain trade expected, and Darin Newsom,
senior analyst with Telvent DTN, warned of potential volatility.

"That's a market that could really explode at this point because of a lack of
acres and reduced production in South America and continued strength of Chinese
demand," Newsom said.

U.S. wheat acres are expected to rise by 3 percent, farmers told the USDA, which
should ease rising prices. Except that acreage of high-protein spring wheat -
the type widely grown in the northern plains - is expected to fall 3 percent. In
Minnesota, spring wheat acres are expected to fall 10 percent.

That news lit up the Minneapolis Grain Exchange, where spring wheat soared 48.75
cents a bushel for the May contract Friday, closing at $8.375.

The USDA said the amount of U.S. corn acreage will be the highest since 1937.
Doug Hartwig, state director of the USDA-NASS Minnesota field office, dug up
some figures from that very different era.

The corn yield in 1937 was about 29 bushels an acre. This year, the USDA expects
164 bushels of corn an acre. The soybean yield? There wasn't any - harvesting
soybeans was almost unknown.

In 1937 the corn crop was commonly used right on the farm, to feed the chickens
and other farm animals that nearly all Minnesota farm families had back then.

"It was more about them producing their own food - grown on the farm, eaten on
the farm, and they marketed the excess," Hartwig said.

Back in 1940, Minnesota farmers sold $105 million worth of crops. Today,
Minnesota farmers' bounty goes around the world. In 2011, the value of
Minnesota's crops topped $10 billion.

Tom Webb can be reached at 651-228-5428. Follow him attwitter.com/TomWebbMN .

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 12, 2000 Saturday

Corn falls to one-year low on U.S. forecast

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: MONEY & MARKETS; Pg. B21

LENGTH: 389 words


Corn fell to a one-year low yesterday after the U.S. government forecast a
record harvest, while soybeans rose on concern that plants still could be
damaged by dry weather this month, trimming a crop also forecast to be the
biggest ever.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture pegged this fall's corn crop at 10.4 billion
bushels and the soybean crop at 2.99 billion bushels. Arid weather forecast for
the U.S. Midwest could hurt soybean plants as pods fill with beans, while corn
has matured enough to withstand the heat, traders said.

"You can expect your corn crop to get bigger," Dick Loewy, president of
AgResource Co. said at a Chicago Board of Trade news conference. "The jury is
still out on soybeans."

In other markets, cotton rose on concern that dry weather could reduce the size
of those crops. Cattle prices also gained.

Corn for December delivery fell 1.2 per cent on the Chicago Board of Trade. It
was the lowest closing price since July 13, 1999.

Soybeans for November delivery rose 1.1 per cent on the CBOT. It was the highest
closing price since July 27. Prices are down 21 per cent from a 17-month high
reached on May 3.

Cotton rose close to a 32-month high after the government said the U.S. crop
will be smaller than previously expected because of drought in the U.S.
Southwest. Farmers will harvest 19.16 million bales this year, down 0.7 per cent
from its estimate in July.

Cattle prices rose more than 1 per cent on expectations for increased overseas
demand for U.S. beef, after Argentina temporarily suspended exports to the
United States because animals there were exposed to an infectious disease.

Argentina, the world's seventh-largest beef exporter, halted shipments to the
United States after some of its cattle were exposed to Paraguayan cattle with
signs of foot-and-mouth disease. If the export ban is extended to other
countries, beef sales by the United States, the No. 2 exporter after Australia,
could rise.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture also suspended imports of beef from
Argentina, where health officials ordered the slaughter of 3,000 head of cattle.

"Right now we're not willing to speculate on what would be needed for the ban to
be lifted," said Anna Cherry, a spokeswoman for the USDA's Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service in Washington. "We're at the fact-finding stage."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 11, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

STRONG CROPS FORECAST FOR CORN AND WHEAT

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 2; Page 35, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 10


A robust United States corn crop of more than 7.12 billion bushels and another
record-breaking wheat crop were forecast today by the Agriculture Department's
Crop Reporting Board.

The corn crop will determine the price of this primary livestock feed this fall
and that, in turn, will influence what consumers pay for meat well into next
year.

Some of the higher-yielding areas of the western Corn Belt were short of subsoil
moisture earlier this year, while others in the eastern portion were flooded
out.

Despite the flood losses, the board said, more acres are now planted with corn
than last year. It also expected a higher average yield than in 1980, when a
late summer drought reduced production to 6.6 billion bushels.

Today's Government estimate for the corn crop was slightly smaller than the 7.29
billion bushels forecast Wednesday by Conrad Leslie, a leading private crop
analyst.

Weather Could Still Have Impact

Both estimates considered conditions on July 1. If the weather during the next
three weeks, when corn plants will be in their delicate tasseling stage, should
turn bad, the crop could drop far below either forecast.

Although last year's corn crop was among the highest in the past decade, world
and domestic demand for corn was high. Consequently, reserve stocks on hand when
the 1981 harvest begins in late September are expected to be unusually small.

Unless this year's corn crop is close to today's estimate, corn prices will rise
again and livestock producers will be under pressure to cut output, leading to
higher meat prices by late fall.

Wheat Forecast Expected

Grain traders had been expecting a large wheat crop. Today's first reading of
winter and spring wheat production confirmed these expectations.

A total 1981 wheat crop of 2.81 billion bushels, or 76.5 million metric tons, as
forecast today, would be 19 percent above last year's record 2.37 billion.

Much of the winter-planted wheat in Oklahoma, Texas and Kansas has already been
harvested, so today's forecast was expected to be close to the final total after
spring-planted wheat is harvested in September.

Although export demand for American wheat was brisk last year, there is still a
reserve on hand. This, plus the prospect of another record crop, was pushing
farmers' wheat prices downward. If this trend continues into the late autumn,
wheat farmers will be eligible for direct subsidy payments from the Treasury.

World Grain Crop Also Up

This outlook was not changed today by the Foreign Agriculture Service's July
forecast of total world grain production.

The service noted bad weather over Soviet grain areas and forecast a drop in
Soviet output, but still estimated the world crop at a record 1.6 billion metric
tons, an increase of 4 percent over last year. The Soviet grain crop was
estimated at 200 million metric tons, down 10 million from last month's
estimate.

Agriculture Department officials still did not know whether the possibility of
smaller Soviet wheat and coarse grain production would encourage the Russians to
buy more American grain, now that the restrictions on such sales have been
lifted.

Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said again today that, while he hoped grain
trade talks with the Russians would be held later this month, he still had not
been able to set a date.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

'Organic farming needs to be adopted on a large scale'

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: Indore


Indore, Oct. 10 -- A healthy atmosphere for farming has been created in Madhya
Pradesh by conserving soil and freeing water sources from pollution. This is the
reason that agriculture production has increased in the State, which is
contributing in meeting food grains needs of country's people.

It is also necessary that organic farming is adopted on a large scale for
maintaining quality of food grains and keeping intact soil fertility. These
conclusions were drawn at "Organic MP Session" on the first day of Global
Investors' Summit at Indore on Wednesday.

Principal Secretary Agriculture Rajesh Rajoria informed that farmers have to
bear more cost of farming these days. Under such circumstances, organic farming
method is the only way out for them. The State stands 10th in organic farming
through which more yield can be taken by improving soil health.

Rajora informed that organic products of India are in much demand in Europe and
America. Attack of caterpillarS is minimised in soyabean crops when organic
manure is used. Per hectare productivity has increased by 4 to 7 quintals
through organic farming. Various other important information was also given
during the session.

Former Director Agriculture GS Kaushal said that organic farming must be adopted
to save ourselves from toxic food grains. Madhya Pradesh government has chalked
out organic farming policy.

Executive director of Aries Agro Limited Rahul Mirchandani and Deputy general
manager of Murarka Organics Bahveen Parmar also spoke on the occasion.
Agriculture Production Commissioner RK Swai and representatives of farmers were
also present on the occasion.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 21, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CONNECTICUT FARMERS REPORT FLOODS CAUSED LARGE LOSSES

BYLINE: By HAROLD FABER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 905 words


Farmers in Connecticut are reporting widespread damage to crops and farmland
from the floods that struck the southern half of the state two weeks ago.

The agricultural community was among the hardest hit by the flooding, which left
12 dead and caused estimated damage of $276 million in the state and lesser
damage in New York and New Jersey.  Moderate damage to hay and vegetable crops
was suffered in New York and minor delays in crop maturation in New Jersey.

One early estimate of the cash loss to farmers in Connecticut was at least $2.5
million, but later reports indicate that it may be much more.

In Hartford, David Schreiber, head of the state's Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service, reported a loss of $2 million alone in nitrogen
fertilizer, which was either leached out or washed away.

Long-Term Effects Unknown

''No one knows what the long-term effects will be,'' said Robert Goldstein of
the Connecticut Department of Agriculture.  Two weeks after floodwaters covered
part of his farm to a depth of 10 feet, Donald R. Carville stood ankle-deep in
mud in one of his fields in Avon inspecting the damage. He leaned over, pulled
up one of the scraggly-looking tobacco plants and said, ''See, there's no top,
no roots, no nothing.''

''We are going to pick them up and throw them away,'' Mr. Carville said. ''We
will plow them under next week when the ground dries a little.''

All but three of his 47 acres planted with shade tobacco were completely lost
when the Farmington River flooded - along with virtually every river in
Connecticut - after the storm June 5 and 6, said Mr. Carville, who is
vice-president and general manager of the farm of C.F. Woodford & Son Inc.

The recovery, especially in farms, has been delayed by intermittent days of rain
since then, which drenched fields anew and kept farmers from working in them. In
addition, the lack of sunshine has held back crop growth.

Damage to Several Crops

In upstate New York, where early June is the time for making the best hay, ''the
haying weather ranged from mediocre to terrible, and many farmers were caught
with hay on the ground when the rains came,'' according to the State Crop
Reporting Service in Albany.

On Long Island, Dale Moyer of the Cooperative Extension Service Office in
Riverhead reported that rainwater had settled in potato and vegetable fields
there, blocking air to the roots of many plants and ruining at least 300 to 400
acres of newly planted crops, as well as damaging strawberry fields and seedbeds
for cabbage and cauliflower.

''Farmers have not been able to get into the fields to apply fungicides to
prevent late blight in potatoes,'' Mr. Moyer said.  ''That was the fungicide
that caused the famine in Ireland in 1845.  It's a potential problem here, it
could build up.''

In Bridgeton, N.J., Don Persing of the State Market News Service said that the
rains had ''messed up the spraying schedules for vegetable and fruit crops.''

But the reports from New York and New Jersey were mild compared with the damage
reported in Connecticut.

Estimates of Loss in Counties

In New Haven County, Ted Smiarowski, executive director of the agricultural
service's office, said that the crop damage there totaled from $400,000 to
$500,000 with damage to land by erosion and stream banks at least $250,000 more.

The damage was even greater in Hartford County, where the losses were estimated
at about $2 million, according to Francis Lutwinas, the executive director of
the agricultural service's office.

He said that thousands of acres of crops had been destroyed, putting the cash
loss for tobacco at $600,000, vegetables $600,000, field corn $375,000 and hay
$200,000. In addition, he said that erosion and stream-bank damage had caused at
least $160,000 in damage.

On the Woodford farm, Janet Carville said that the losses to the community would
be large in side effects as well. She said that the farm normally hired 500
teen-agers to work part time during the summer, cutting and handling tobacco
leaves, with a payroll of $220,000.

''But we don't need them this year because the flood ruined our tobacco,'' Mrs.
Carville said.

Attempts at Recovery

While she was talking, a crew of men was taking down the muslin, rolling up the
wire that holds the cloth up and removing the 10-foot poles that hold up both
the wires and the muslin. Another crew was using hoes to mound up the soil in
one field in an attempt to save some of the tobacco, and a crew of young women
was picking strawberries for the farmstand for sale to the public.

The Woodford farm, which is a mile north of Avon, is one of the largest farms in
Connecticut, with about 300 acres devoted to strawberries, corn, peas, tomatoes,
peppers, broccoli and dairy cows as well as shade tobacco.

Mr. Carville said that it was much too late to replant the tobacco this year.
Instead, he has bought 60,000 tomato and pepper plants and plans to plant them,
as soon as the weather permits, to grow as a cash crop for pick-it-yourself
visitors later in the year.

''I am optimistic about that,'' he said. ''You can't be a farmer without being
optimistic.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo of fields

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           November 16, 2004 Tuesday

Corn harvest delayed; Wet weather has delayed the corn harvest in the tri-state
area.

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Tristate; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 142 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture reported Monday the Iowa corn harvest was 87
percent complete, compared to a five-year average of 97 percent complete for
this time of year.

In Illinois, 5 percent of the corn crop was left to be harvested. On average, 98
percent of the crop is now harvested.

The Wisconsin corn harvest was 64 percent complete, compared to the 84 percent
average pace.

Nationally, 86 percent of the corn crop was harvested, 8 percent behind average.

The soybean harvest was completed in Iowa, with 5 percent of the crop still
standing in Illinois. The Illinois harvest would be nearly complete by now, on
average. In Wisconsin, 89 percent of the crop was in, compared to an average
pace of 98 percent.

The U.S. soybean crop was 93 percent harvested, compared to a five-year average
of 96 percent for this time of year.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 5, 2003, Saturday

GLOBAL BEEF EXPORTS RISE

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 504 words

HIGHLIGHT: Simmental bull beef on the Hamilton farm


GLOBAL beef exports during 2003 are expected to increase by four per cent, or
255,000 tonnes, on 2002 levels, to more than 6.6 million tonnes, according to
forecast from the United States Department of Agriculture.

Exports from all the main exporting nations, such as Australia, the US, Brazil
and Europe, are expected to increase on year-earlier levels in line with an
anticipated increase in the global beef import demand.

In spite of the fact that Australian beef production is forecast to decrease by
more than two per cent in 2003, to just over two million tonnes, total
Australian beef exports are expected to increase by almost five per cent, to
64,000 tonnes, on 2002 levels, to a record level of 1.425 million tonnes.

Much of this increase will be fuelled by an increased import demand from Japan
and, to a lesser extent, Korea, while any further increase in the volumes of
beef exported to the United States is likely to be limited by quota strictions.

In the United States, total beef production is forecast to decrease by almost
four per cent on 2002 levels to less than 12 million tonnes reflecting an
anticipated increase in the level of cow and heifer retentions during 2003.

As a result of the lower domestic supply situation, the USDA forecasts that
total US beef exports in 2003 will be restricted to just over 1.16 million
tonnes, or four per cent, higher than 2002 levels as further export expansion
will be constrained by higher domestic prices.

Exports from the European Union are forecast to increase by almost four per cent
during 2003, to 530,000 tonnes.

The USDA forecasts that much of this increase it likely to be limited to the
Russian and Eastern European markets.

Any further relaxation of import controls in the Middle East may also result in
increased beef exports from the EU.

However, the growing presence of competively-priced South American beef
appearing on the global market will make it difficult for the EU to regain its
market share in its traditional Middle Eastern markets.

Continuing a decade of expanding beef production, the USDA forecasts that
Brazilian beef output during 2003 will increase by a further three per cent, or
190,000 tonnes, to just over 7.4 million tonnes.

As a result, Brazilian beef exports are expected to reach 970,000 tonnes in
2003, a 10 per cent increase on year-earlier levels and more than treble the
total volume exported by Brazil in 1998.

A favourable exchange rate, low production costs and acceptance of its regional
FMD-free status by many countries in 2002, allowed Brazil to increase its
exports to many markets, such as Europe and Russia in particular, and this is
likely to continue throughout 2003.

Of the other South American countries, only Argentina is likely to significantly
increase its beef export volumes during 2003.

For the year as a whole, the USDA forecasts beef exports from Argentina will
increase by almost 15 per cent, or 50,000 tonnes, on 2002 levels, to 390,000
tonnes.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 1, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Low Hog Prices Hurt Agricultural Index

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 203 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 31


The lowest hog prices since 1964 helped drag down the December index of prices
received by farmers for their goods, the United States Agriculture Department
said on Wednesday.

Over all, the All Farm Products Index showed that farm prices, reflecting a
seasonal mix of commodities, were down 2 percent from November and down 6.7
percent from December 1997.

Falling prices for cattle, broilers and soybeans also contributed to the
decline, though it was cushioned by a record-high price for milk and higher
prices for corn, tomatoes and eggs.

The hog herd was the biggest since December 1980. As a result, in mid-December
farmers received an average cash price of $14.70 for each hundred pounds, the
lowest since prices fell to $14.30 in November 1964. Prices were off $4 from a
month ago and off $26.90 from a year ago.

The monthly survey showed December cattle prices averaged $55.80 for each 100
pounds, down $2.30 from November and down $7.10 from a year earlier, amid huge
supplies and competition from record pork production.

In the cash markets, corn sold for $1.96 a bushel, up 3 cents from November but
down 56 cents from a year ago because of the second-largest crop ever and weak
export demand.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     March 13, 1992, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. report fuels corn, soybean drop

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 17, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 333 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


The U.S. Agriculture Department's failure to reduce its estimate in the
supply/demand tables released Wednesday fuelled the selling that took Chicago
Board of Trade corn and soybean futures lower yesterday.

CBOT floor sources had expected the department to cuts its corn ending stocks
estimate by 25 million to 50 million bushels and its soybean estimate by at
least 15 million.

CBOT soybean values settled US4 cents to US6 1/2 cents a bushel lower with the
most active month, July, ending at US$6.02 1/4, down US6 1/2 cents.

Additional selling in the soybean pit was facilitated by news the Brazilian
soybean harvest was gathering momentum.

Corn values at the CBOT closed US 1/2 cents to US2 1/2 cents lower with featured
July finishing the day at US$2.78, down US1 3/4 cents.

Declines in corn were offset by rumors South Africa this week would purchase
about 300,000 tonnes of U.S. corn.

CBOT wheat futures moved US3 3/4 cents to US7 cents lower with most active July
closing at US$3.77 1/2 a bushel, down US7 cents.

Selling in the wheat pit was encouraged in part by rumors that one million
tonnes of French wheat was sold to Russia recently.

Milder than expected temperatures in the soft red winter wheat region also
triggered some selling interest. There had been fears early this week portions
of the crop would be damaged by cold weather.

Declines in CBOT soybean and soyoil values accounted for part of the weakness in
oilseed futures at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange.

WCE canola moved $1 to $1.60 a tonne lower with featured June closing at
$291.60, down $1.60. Flax at the WCE ended $1.80 to $4.50 lower with most active
July finishing at $215, down $4.

Both pits were additionally pressured by an increase in farmer deliveries to the
prairie elevator system, although weakness in flax was also tied to losses in
European linoil prices.

Exporter pricing, thought to be for Japanese interests, limited the losses in
the canola pit.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            November 21, 2010 Sunday

Japanese farmers oppose premier's push for free trade

BYLINE:  TAKEHIKO KAMBAYASHI

SECTION: Vol. XLVI No. 320

LENGTH: 545  words


As Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan has pushed toward a United States-backed
trade liberalisation, farmers fear the move could wipe out Japan's agricultural
sector. "The government does not understand the potential impact of a free trade
on Japan's agriculture sector," Takeshi Sasaki, a rice farmer in Miyagi, said.
The trade pact "is one of the most pressing national security issues."

The government's decision to begin consultations with other Pacific Rim nations,
which are pursuing the proposed trade pact known as the Trans-Pacific
Partnership (TPP), prompted thousands of farmers to protest in the streets. The
TPP is regarded as one of the most important topics at the annual Asia-Pacific
Economic Co-operation (Apec) forum, where leaders of 21 Pacific Rim economies
discussed trade liberalisation and economic growth.

But even many lawmakers of Kan's Democratic Party of Japan expressed concerned
about how the proposed trade pact could affect the fragile, tariff-protected
farming sector, as the pact seeks to eliminate all tariffs among its member
countries within 10 years. The proposal is currently under negotiation among
nine counties including the United States, Singapore, Peru, Australia and New
Zealand.

In Japan, most agriculture is done by small-scale family farms. The farming
population is also rapidly ageing, as people over 60 years of age make up 70
percent of the nation's 3 million farmers, according to the government's
Statistics Bureau. Many young people migrate to cities to seek job
opportunities. That has made agricultural growth sluggish for decades. Prices of
farm products are low due in part to bureaucratic distribution systems, and many
farmers say they struggle to make ends meet.

"Farmers have long had a hard time even before the start of the discussion on a
free trade," said Seiju Sugeno, a rice farmer and community leader in
Nihonmatsu, north-eastern Japan. In Nihonmatsu, the number of farming households
has fallen by half since 1960, local government figures showed. Currently, about
350 families live entirely on farming, 10 times fewer than 45 years ago.

Sasaki said the country would have to depend on imports for most of what
Japanese people eat, without long-awaited reform in the agriculture sector. "The
country should keep a certain level of its food self-sufficiency ratio," he
said. Japan's food self-sufficiency ratios are just around 40 percent, the
lowest among major industrialised countries. The 2008 scandals over Chinese-made
frozen dumplings contaminated with pesticide sparked a nation-wide food scare,
making many Japanese consumers shy away from frozen imports and become aware of
the low ratio of food self-sufficiency.

Business leaders have urged Kan repeatedly to join the TPP negotiations at a
time when the appreciation of the Japanese currency has hurt exporters, some of
whom threaten to move their factories abroad. Hiromasa Yonekura, chairman of the
business lobby Japan Business Federation, again urged the government to swiftly
join the TPP. He said participation is important to many Japanese companies that
do business in the region. Yonekura said the group "is calling on the Japanese
government to participate in the TPP negotiations as soon as possible and get
involved in its rule making."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

Farmers Union: Farmers receive meager share

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 306  words


The National Farmers Union (NFU) has released its latest farmer's share report
based on calculations derived from the monthly agriculture prices report
produced by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural
Statistics Service, and compared to price points of common grocery food items at
a local Washington D.C., Safeway supermarket.

"It's easy to forget the true value of our farmers and ranchers, who in some
cases are only making pennies to the dollar on their goods, while we're at our
local supermarket," said NFU President Roger Johnson. "Our farmer's share report
reflects the true value that our farmers and ranchers are receiving."

North Dakota Farmers Union President Woody Barth added, "These facts clearly
illustrate how little family farmers and ranchers actually receive out of the
food dollar. No one should blame farmers and ranchers for increased costs at the
grocery store."

According to USDA's Economic Research Service, farmers and ranchers only receive
15.8 cents of every food dollar spent by consumers outside the home in the
United States. Additionally, more than 80 cents of every food dollar is spent on
marketing, processing, wholesaling, distribution and retailing.

Among the more startling statistics noted in the December report:

Dairy farmers received $ 1.81 for one gallon of fat free milk (retail price:
$4.19);

Wheat farmers netted only 20 cents of the $3.59 retail price of a loaf of bread:
and Tomato growers received a mere 53 cents per pound (retail price: $3.28).

The report shows the consumer that prices may increase in the grocery store,
however the farmer is not necessarily receiving extra income, said Johnson. "It
is also a stark reminder that U.S. family farmers and ranchers need certainty
and Congress" inability to pass the 2012 Farm Bill directly will impact their
operations."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 The Billings County Pioneer


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Sauk Centre Herald (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 30, 2012

Finding common ground in agriculture

BYLINE: Sauk Centre Herald staff

LENGTH: 931  words


Dottie Smith-Jacobs feels strongly about agriculture and feels that those
working in the farming community need to speak up and share their story.

"I feel that one of agriculture's biggest assets is its diversity and wide
variety of farm families who raise our food," Smith-Jacobs said while explaining
the work of a group she's involved in, Common-Ground, that promotes
conversations about farming and food.

Smith-Jacobs, who now lives in rural Sauk Centre with her husband, Leroy, was
raised on a hobby farm in Indiana in her younger years and then on a 400-acre
crop and livestock farm near Murdock.

"I helped my family do the farming, which included plowing, planting,
harvesting, repairing and care of the animals," she recalled. "I was my dad's
right-hand man so to speak."

In high school, Smith-Jacobs was one of the first female students to join
agriculture classes.

"We learned to weld in the shop and identify noxious weeds right along with the
guys," she said.

When comparing her family's farm to many farming operations today, it is much
different, but a number of principles haven't changed, according to
Smith-Jacobs.

"Much has changed with machinery and technology in farming today from when I was
a child," she said. "The work ethic and values I see in the farming community
are still the same. Agriculture is a very positive part of our country. In fact,
I believe it is the backbone of our nation."

On top of being involved with CommonGround, Smith-Jacobs is also a regional
representative for the Minnesota Corn Growers Association (MCGA).

"I was asked if I wanted to be a part of CommonGround by Jenna Kromann of the
MCGA," Smith-Jacobs recalled. "She is the state CommonGround coordinator, and
she knew that I care very much about agriculture and of my concern about the
future of farming."

Smith-Jacobs joined CommonGround to make a positive difference in the farming
community.

CommonGround was spearheaded by a group of volunteer farm women who want to tell
the "real story about American agriculture and all that goes into growing and
raising food," according to their website < fin-dourcommonground.com >.

Smith-Jacobs added, "One of the key things we do at CommonGround is to share our
personal stories about farming with others in public venues."

A few places Common-Ground interacts with the public include Ag Awareness Day at
the University of Minnesota as well as a spot at the Minnesota State Fair in the
Moo Booth. Smith-Jacobs will be there on Sept. 2.

"While we are there, we'll be available to answer questions and talk with those
who stop by," she said. "We hope to give those who are not directly involved in
agriculture a better understanding of where their food comes from and how it is
produced-and to talk about the things we do as farmers to provide the safest
food for our families to eat."

On its website, Common-Ground lists 10 ways to advocate for agriculture,
beginning with the willingness to learn what consumers are saying about farming.
Other steps include responding to misinformation, blogging and using the
internet to spread your message and most importantly, being positive.

"We produce the safest food for consumption in the world," Smith-Jacobs said.
"We as farmers follow strict guidelines regarding the food we produce, whether
it involves livestock or crops. We do this because we care about the soil, water
and air and our animals' safety and health."

While it is easy to point to the high price of corn and soybeans now and suggest
that farmers are making out like bandits, Smith-Jacobs explained the other side
of the coin.

"Farmers have expenses that determine what their bottom line will be," she said.
"The cost of producing crops and raising livestock has increased dramatically in
recent years."

No better illustration exists on the rising cost of farming than with the price
of a bag of seed corn. In 1955, a bushel of seed corn cost between $10 and $ 15.
In the 1970s, it had risen to between $50 and $70 per bag, each bag containing
slightly less than a bushel of corn.

By the early 1990s, a bag of seed corn had eclipsed the $100 mark, and only five
years ago, a bag of seed corn was going for $200.

Today, however, the price stands at $300 for a bag of seed corn. While sticker
shock exists in the seed corn market, today's seed grows corn that is much more
disease and drought tolerant than it was only 20 years ago.

In terms of the use of corn to produce ethanol, Smith-Jacobs pointed out that
the use of ethanol has reduced the price of gas over one dollar a gallon. On top
of that, it has reduced the nation's dependence on foreign oil. "Federal
subsidies for eth-anol (VEETC) ended last year," she explained. "Farmers will
not short change food for fuel, and we also cannot control the commodity
markets. Ethanol production has already tapered as the markets adjust with
higher corn prices from this summer's drought."

A recent Iowa State study shows that the use of ethanol in our domestic gas
supply has lowered the price of gas $ 1.09 a gallon. At 25 miles per gallon and
15,000 miles driven in a year, that comes out to $654 in annual savings per
driver.

Smith-Jacobs is excited about the future of agriculture and wants to make a
positive difference for the farming community.

"We want our young people going into ag-related jobs so that farming can
continue as it has in the past," she said. "There are so many opportunities
today in agriculture. We have offered some very creative and resourceful uses
for our products. Who would have thought that corn could be used as food, fuel,
feed, plastic, fabric and carpet? Farmers did."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SAU

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Sauk Centre Herald


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Sow today, reap tomorrow - the future of China's agriculture

LENGTH: 376  words


list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the No
1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

BEIJING - For twelve years in a row, China's "No 1 Central Document" has focused
on agriculture and rural issues.

The "No 1 Central Document" is the first major policy document released each
year. Agriculture is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation,
with problems including low farmer income, pollution and a lack of competitive
agricultural companies.

Efforts have been made to increase farmers' incomes, but the gap between urban
and rural incomes remains. Growth of rural incomes has outpaced that of urban
dwellers since 2010, but nonetheless, Chinese villagers only earn about one
third of city residents.

Without increased government investment in agriculture, tourism and other income
sources for farmers combined with higher value agricultural products, hopes of
reducing the gap will be in vain.

China has to feed about one fifth of world's population from less than 10
percent of the arable land. Environmental protection was never given enough
weight in farming and over-exploitation of farmland must come to an end. Use of
chemicals and fertilizers per hectare in China was once 70 percent higher than
the world average, resulting in more than 40 percent of farmland being degraded.
Protecting farmland is an uphill battle that China must win.

Many farmers in their 50s or 60s till plots of less than half an acre, while
their children work in cities. Those seniors will soon quit farming and about
200 million rural people are expected to move into cities over the coming
decades, so China has to develop large-scale, environmentally friendly farming,
and must do it quickly.

A high percentage of China's population are employed in agriculture, but a short
list of reputable agricultural businesses compares poorly with the United States
and France. Innovation must play a bigger role in farming, and Chinese
agricultural companies with global clout must be fostered.

A list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the
No 1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                February 3, 2015

Sow today, reap tomorrow - the future of China's agriculture

LENGTH: 376  words


list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the No
1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

BEIJING - For twelve years in a row, China's "No 1 Central Document" has focused
on agriculture and rural issues.

The "No 1 Central Document" is the first major policy document released each
year. Agriculture is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation,
with problems including low farmer income, pollution and a lack of competitive
agricultural companies.

Efforts have been made to increase farmers' incomes, but the gap between urban
and rural incomes remains. Growth of rural incomes has outpaced that of urban
dwellers since 2010, but nonetheless, Chinese villagers only earn about one
third of city residents.

Without increased government investment in agriculture, tourism and other income
sources for farmers combined with higher value agricultural products, hopes of
reducing the gap will be in vain.

China has to feed about one fifth of world's population from less than 10
percent of the arable land. Environmental protection was never given enough
weight in farming and over-exploitation of farmland must come to an end. Use of
chemicals and fertilizers per hectare in China was once 70 percent higher than
the world average, resulting in more than 40 percent of farmland being degraded.
Protecting farmland is an uphill battle that China must win.

Many farmers in their 50s or 60s till plots of less than half an acre, while
their children work in cities. Those seniors will soon quit farming and about
200 million rural people are expected to move into cities over the coming
decades, so China has to develop large-scale, environmentally friendly farming,
and must do it quickly.

A high percentage of China's population are employed in agriculture, but a short
list of reputable agricultural businesses compares poorly with the United States
and France. Innovation must play a bigger role in farming, and Chinese
agricultural companies with global clout must be fostered.

A list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the
No 1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 16, 1982 Tuesday

Impact of change in Crow discounted

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 611 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


OTTAWA  (CP) - Preliminary studies for the federal Department of
 Agriculture say changing the Crow's Nest Pass freight rate for prairie
 grain will have a negligible impact on eastern agriculture, but farm
 groups in Ontario, Quebec and the Maritimes are worried anyway.

The studies are part of the department's consultations with eastern
 groups on the proposals of Manitoba economist Clay Gilson for ending the
 85-year-old freight rate and paying millions of dollars in federal
 subsidies to western farmers annually.

Most eastern groups think the subsidies should go to the railways and
 that their prairie counterparts should have to pay for inflation-caused
 freight rate increases in the future.

Quebec groups have said that if Ottawa is prepared to spend $3.6-
 billion on western agricultural development, it should be prepared to
 spend a similar amount in their province.

Transport Minister Jean-Luc Pepin has said he hopes the federal Cabinet
 will decide by December on whether it will proceed with the Gilson
 proposal or a modified plan for changing the Crow, an artificially low
 rate that has cost the railways millions of dollars a year in shipping
 western grain.

Agriculture Minister Eugene Whelan is to meet Quebec Liberal members of
 Parliament again next week for further discussions on the Crow changes. At
 least one Liberal has vowed to protest on Parliament Hill if the
 Government brings in a program for Crow changes that will hurt Quebec
 farmers.

But the department estimates the cost of Crow changes to Quebec
 livestock farmers by 1990 will be between $160 and $260 less income a year
 than the farmer might have otherwise have received. The impact on Ontario
 and Maritime farmers will be slightly smaller.

And while Ontario and Quebec cattle feeders and hog producers may
 experience a slight price drop because of increased livestock production
 on the prairies, the changes could work to the advantage of cow-calf
 producers and dairy farmers in the two provinces who would find a better
 market for the calves.

The studies say many eastern farm groups want a one-year delay in a
 final decision on the Gilson proposal to allow more time to study all the
 implications to their members of changing the Crow rate.

And there was widespread concern that livestock producers will suffer
 far more than the Agriculture Department studies would indicate.

Ontario groups said they are concerned that expanded prairie livestock
 production could lead to increased competition for Ontario beef and pork
 at home.

They were also worried that Ontario's fledgling oilseed production and
 crushing operations could fall far behind their western Canadian
 competitors unless higher freight rates are applied between Thunder Bay
 and other locations in Ontario.

Quebec hog producers think the lower grain costs following changes in
 the Crow rate will make hogs cheaper to raise on the prairies and possibly
 displace Quebec pork in the United States and Pacific countries.

Quebec groups are also concerned that a major expansion of meat
 production in Canada could produce border restrictions from the United
 States, Canada's main customer, and that could lead to surplus western
 meat being shipped into the eastern provinces.

Maritime farm groups are worried that expanded western livestock
 production based on lower feed costs could lead to a westward shift in
 meat packaging plants, drying up the few outlets there are for Maritime
 livestock production.

Quebec and Maritime groups were also concerned that the federal policy
 to ensure equal feed grain prices across the country should be reinforced.
 It now is undergoing a review which is supposed to lead to a new policy by
 the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

MARYLAND:Farmers Put Down the Plow for More Productive Soil

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of Agriculture, The state of Maryland has issued the following news
release:

Gabe Brown is in such demand as a speaker that for every invitation he accepts,
he turns down 10 more. At conferences, like the one held here at a Best Western
hotel recently, people line up to seek his advice.

"The greatest roadblock to solving a problem is the human mind," he tells
audiences.

Mr. Brown, a balding North Dakota farmer who favors baseball caps and
red-striped polo shirts, is not talking about disruptive technology start-ups,
political causes, or the latest self-help fad.

He is talking about farming, specifically soil-conservation farming, a movement
that promotes leaving fields untilled, "green manures" and other soil-enhancing
methods with an almost evangelistic fervor.

Such farming methods, which mimic the biology of virgin land, can revive
degenerated earth, minimize erosion, encourage plant growth and increase
farmers' profits, their proponents say. And by using them, Mr. Brown told more
than 250 farmers and ranchers who gathered at the hotel for the first Southern
Soil Health Conference, he has produced crops that thrive on his 5,000-acre farm
outside of Bismarck, N.D., even during droughts or flooding.
He no longer needs to use nitrogen fertilizer or fungicide, he said, and he
produces yields that are above the county average with less labor and lower
costs. "Nature can heal if we give her the chance," Mr. Brown said.

Neatly tilled fields have long been a hallmark of American agriculture and its
farmers, by and large traditionalists who often distrust practices that diverge
from time-honored methods.

But soil-conservation farming is gaining converts as growers increasingly face
extreme weather, high production costs, a shortage of labor and the threat of
government regulation of agricultural pollution.

Farmers like Mr. Brown travel the country telling their stories, and
organizations like No-Till on the Plains -- a Kansas-based nonprofit devoted to
educating growers about "agricultural production systems that model nature" --
attract thousands.

"It's a massive paradigm shift," said Ray Archuleta, an agronomist at the
Natural Resources Conservation Service, part of the federal Agriculture
Department, which endorses the soil-conservation approach.

Government surveys suggest that the use of no-tillage farming has grown sharply
over the last decade, accounting for about 35 percent of cropland in the United
States.

For some crops, no-tillage acreage has nearly doubled in the last 15 years. For
soybeans, for example, it rose to 30 million acres in 2012 from 16.5 million
acres in 1996. The planting of cover crops -- legumes and other species that are
rotated with cash crops to blanket the soil year-round and act as green manure
-- has also risen in acreage about 30 percent a year, according to surveys,
though the total remains small.

Farmers till the land to ready it for sowing and to churn weeds and crop residue
back into the earth. Tilling also helps mix in fertilizers and manure and
loosens the top layer of the soil.
Continue reading the main story

But repeated plowing exacts a price. It degrades soil, killing off its biology,
including beneficial fungi and earthworms, and leaving it, as Mr. Archuleta puts
it, "naked, thirsty, hungry and running a fever."

Degraded soil requires heavy applications of synthetic fertilizer to produce
high yields. And because its structure has broken down, the soil washes away
easily in heavy rain, taking nitrogen and other pollutants with it into rivers
and streams.

Soil health proponents say that by leaving fields unplowed and using cover
crops, which act as sinks for nitrogen and other nutrients, growers can increase
the amount of organic matter in their soil, making it better able to absorb and
retain water.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 9, 2003 Tuesday

Seminar: Farmers can take steps to manage risks; Experts share strategies based
on weather trends and government farm programs

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, Iowa


While farmers cannot control the weather or the markets, they can alleviate some
of a drought's sting or protect themselves from a market collapse.

The key is in understanding the probabilities of such events and planning
accordingly, experts told farmers at a recent risk management seminar in
Manchester. The seminar was sponsored by Farm Credit Services and Iowa State
University Extension.

"There is a great big difference between taking a risk and managing risk," said
Iowa State University Extension climatologist Elwynn Taylor.

Risk can be analyzed and managed if it is quantified, he said.

Farmers should consider that more than half the time the United States harvests
a better-than-average corn crop, Taylor said. United States corn yields are 10
percent above average 23 percent of the time, and 10 percent below average 17
percent of the time, he said.

Based on that information, farmers should plant about a quarter of their corn
acreage to a top-yielding hybrid and about 17 percent to a drought tolerant
variety, he said. The remainder should be planted to corn suited to normal
conditions.

Farmers that have yield records for their individual farms can plot their own
yield history and adjust planting patterns accordingly, Taylor said.

In assessing weather risk, Taylor urged farmers to learn to understand the El
Nino and La Nina weather events. A Midwestern drought is less likely during an
El Nino event, more likely during a La Nina.

Taylor said based on weather cycles, the next two droughts likely will occur
between 2005 and 2010.

For 2004, Taylor's outlook calls for a higher-than-normal drought risk, at 30
percent. With soil moisture still depleted in many areas, a regional drought
will persist into spring, but a widespread drought is not currently indicated.

To manage price risk, Steven Johnson, farm and agricultural business management
specialist with Iowa State University Extension, recommended farmers educate
themselves on government farm programs that provide some shelter from market
downturns.

Johnson suggested farmers also consider risk management tools such as grain
marketing contracts.

Farmers should take advantage of federally subsidized crop insurance, Johnson
said.

Farmers can insure against crop losses due to weather. They also can insure
against loss of revenue due to price drops.

There are similar insurance options to protect livestock producers against price
declines.

Successful risk managers know their cost of production, Johnson said, have a
marketing plan, use marketing tools such as forward pricing, futures, options
and grain contracts, and use crop insurance.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Edmonds Beacon (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 7, 2013

Early registration is open for Focus on Farming conference

BYLINE: Edmonds Beacon staff

LENGTH: 297  words


Looking for a new tractor and some advice on farm direct marketing? Ever
wondered about aquaponics?

Then you'll want to register early for Snohomish County's 10th annual Focus on
Farming conference this November.

Discounted early registration is available online, and includes a gourmet,
locally produced lunch.

The one-day conference runs from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Thursday, Nov. 21, at Comcast
Arena in downtown Everett.

Registration information, directions and workshop sessions are available online
at www.focusonfarming.org.

The annual conference features workshop opportunities, farm-fresh local food, a
17,000-square-foot tradeshow and respected speakers.

This year's keynote speaker is Will Allen, former basketball star and founder of
Growing Power, a Milwaukee, Wis., based urban farming project.

"Farms and farming have been an important part of Snohomish County, and we want
to make sure it remains relevant into the future," said Snohomish County
Executive John Lovick.

"The Focus on Farming conference is a great way to bring together some of the
brightest minds in agriculture to help educate our community and find new,
innovative ways to keep farms successful."

The Focus on Farming conference is one of many outreach efforts Snohomish County
makes to promote and support the local agricultural industry.

The county provides technical support and resources to local farmers and
agricultural businesses, and participates in the Snohomish County Growers
Alliance, a nonprofit group dedicated to advancing economic growth among local
farmers.

For more information about the Focus on Farming conference and agriculture in
Snohomish County, contact Linda Neunzig at 425-388-7170 or linda.
neunzig@snoco.org

Registration and program information is available online at
www.focusonfarming.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDB

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Edmonds Beacon


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 14, 2005

Scots firm develops flow-through fish stunner

BYLINE: Ken Jones

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 278 words


A Small Lochaber company is helping lead the way in improved salmon harvesting
through humane methods.  Seafood Innovations (Scotland), based in Acharacle, has
produced small fish-stunning equipment which is shortly to be launched after
undergoing trials in the US.

In conjunction with Marine Harvest, Scotland's leading aquaculture company, it
has been developing stunning systems for fish since 2000.

Now its systems are in use by the fish-farming industry from as far afield as
Wester Ross to Tasmania and British Columbia.

The Acharacle operation, which is a sister company of Seafood Innovations in
Australia, won an RSPCA award in 2002 for livestock welfare. Its equipment also
meets the animal charity's rigorous Freedom Foods standards.

Allan Borwick, managing director of the Scottish firm, said: "It has not been a
completely altruistic approach as there have also been considerable productivity
and quality benefits associated with good slaughter practices.

"Scotland has been a world leader in adoption of humane harvest practices and
this is partly why many consumers find Scottish salmon the best." He said the
company was working with local concerns to improve harvesting. An automated
flow-through stunning system had been a big step forward for the industry from
earlier manually-operated stunners.

The latest system utilises the natural swimming behaviour of salmon so that they
follow water currents into the stunners and flow through out the other side.

Several developments were planned this year to augment the flow-through system,
as well as a twin-channel stunner for harvesting smaller fish, such as trout.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 14, 2005

Lochaber firm leads in humane fish harvest

BYLINE: Ken Jones

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 292 words


A Small Lochaber company is helping lead the way in improved salmon harvesting
through more humane methods.  Seafood Innovations (Scotland) Ltd, based in
Acharacle, has produced new small fish-stunning equipment which is shortly to be
launched after undergoing trials in the US.

In conjunction with Marine Harvest, Scotland's leading aquaculture company, it
has been developing stunning systems for its fish since 2000.

Now its systems are in use by the fish-farming industry from as far afield as
Wester Ross to Tasmania and British Columbia.

The Acharacle operation, which is a sister company of Seafood Innovations in
Australia, won an RSPCA award in 2002 for livestock welfare with its equipment
also meeting the animal charity's rigorous Freedom Foods standards.

Allan Borwick, managing director of the Scottish company, said: "It has not been
a completely altruistic approach as there have also been considerable
productivity and quality benefits associated with good slaughter practices.

"Scotland has been a world leader in adoption of humane harvest practices and
this is partly why many consumers find Scottish salmon the best." He said the
company was continually working with local concerns to improve harvesting
performance.

An automated flow-through stunning system had been a big step forward for the
industry from the earlier manually-operated stunners.

The latest system utilises the natural swimming behaviour of salmon so that they
follow water currents into the stunning equipment and then flow through out the
other side.

Several new developments were planned this year to augment the flow-through
system as well as a twin-channel fish stunner for harvesting small pan-sized
fish, such as trout.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 14, 2005

Scots firm develops fish harvest stunner

BYLINE: Ken Jones

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 239 words


A Small Lochaber company is helping lead the way in improved salmon harvesting
through humane methods.  Seafood Innovations (Scotland), based in Acharacle, has
produced small fish-stunning equipment which is shortly to be launched after
undergoing trials in the US.

In conjunction with Marine Harvest, Scotland's leading aquaculture company, it
has been developing stunning systems for fish since 2000.  Now its systems are
in use by the fish-farming industry from as far afield as Wester Ross to
Tasmania and British Columbia.

The Acharacle operation, which is a sister company of Seafood Innovations in
Australia, won an RSPCA award in 2002 for livestock welfare. Its equipment also
meets the animal charity's rigorous Freedom Foods standards.

Allan Borwick, managing director of the Scottish firm, said: "It has not been a
completely altruistic approach as there have also been considerable productivity
and quality benefits associated with good slaughter practices.

"Scotland has been a world leader in adoption of humane harvest practices." He
said the company was working with local concerns to improve harvesting. An
automated flow-through stunning system had been a big step forward for the
industry from earlier manually-operated stunners.

The latest system utilises the natural swimming behaviour of salmon so that they
follow water currents into the stunners and flow through out the other side.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 14, 1992, Friday

NAFTA TO GIVE BOOST TO US FARM EXPORTS

BYLINE: RICHARD LAWRENCE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 670 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The North American Free Trade Agreement will boost U.S. agricultural exports to
Mexico by as much as $ 2 billion annually by the time the trade pact reaches the
15-year mark and will create more than 50,000 U.S. export-related jobs, the
Agriculture Department predicted Thursday.

But at least two agricultural sectors - sugar and peanut growers - have decided
to oppose Nafta when it goes before Congress for approval. Both groups fear that
the free trade deal will open the United States to a deluge of mports, playing
havoc with U.S. price support programs.

Mexico, the third largest foreign market for U.S. exports, buys about $ 3
billion a year of agricultural items from the United States. According to the
Agriculture Department estimate, 15 years into Nafta, Mexico will be buying up
to $ 2 billion more in U.S. farm goods than it otherwise would have purchased.

That expansion, it estimated, will generate as many as 54,000 jobs in the U.S.
food processing, transport, packaging and other sectors - two-thirds more than
are now traced to U.S. agricultural exports to Mexico.

The export gains, said Ann Veneman, deputy secretary of agriculture, will range
across meat, grains, poultry, such horticultural products as apples, pears and
peaches, and fresh vegetables and tree nuts. Beef exports are expected to nearly
double over Nafta's 15-year phase-in.

Among the big immediate concessions wrung from Mexico are duty-free entry for
2.5 million metric tons of corn, and the immediate removal of the sorghum tariff
and wheat import licenses. The Bush administration, in negotiating Nafta, "made
sure that producers of certain import-sensitive items will have ample time to
adjust to market changes," said Ms. Veneman. Phaseout of U.S. import curbs on
such items - sugar, peanuts, dairy products and cotton - will be done over 10 or
15 years. Moreover, U.S. producers of some horticultural products, including
tomatoes, onions, eggplant, squash and watermelons, will be protected against
import surges from Mexico. Under a ''special safeguard," if imports reach
prescribed levels tariffs will automatically snap back to pre-Nafta levels.

The United Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Association regards Nafta as "fairly
positive," a spokeswoman said. She cited intense Mexican interest in buying more
U.S. apples, pears and other fruit. No outright opposition to Nafta is expected
from tomato or other fruit and vegetable producers, she indicated.

The American Sugar Alliance, representing both U.S. sugar growers and refiners,
has already begun to work in Congress against Nafta's sugar provisions, which
within seven years could give Mexico unlimited access to the U.S. sugar market.

The U.S. industry, a sugar spokesman said, will "exert all the influence it can"
to alter or delete the Nafta sugar provisions once the agreement goes before
Congress. Under a fast-track provision that governs Nafta, Congress is supposed
to be restricted to a yes-or-no vote on the package, but that requirement may
become porous, according to some Washington analysts.

Similarly, U.S. peanut growers will press for elimination of Nafta's peanut
provisions, which, says the Peanut Advisory Board, a group of Southeastern
growers, opens the prospect that other countries will transship both raw peanuts
and processed peanut products through Mexico.

The board, said Mitch Head, its executive director, plans to launch an
advertising campaign early next year pointing to the possible consumer hazards
that Nafta might bring.

The U.S. dairy industry is taking "a wait-and-see" attitude toward Nafta, until
it learns the accord's full details, although it objects to "the principle" of
converting import quotas to tariff quotas. The National Milk Producers
Federation, a spokesman said, could "go either way" on Nafta - for or against.

The National Cotton Council, which represents U.S. cotton growers, has not
indicated that it will oppose Nafta, though it expressed some "concerns" with
the trade pact.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Nafta: A Free-Trade Zone Emerges

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                          September 12, 1990 Wednesday

ORGANIC FARMING SAVES MORE SOIL

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: FAGAN D

LENGTH: 324 words


Organic farming saves more soil ORGANIC farming can dramatically reduce soil
erosion problems, a United States researcher says. Dr John Reganold, an
associate professor in agronomy and soils at Washington State University, was
the key speaker this week at a Dalby seminar on sustainable agriculture
organised by the Biological Farmers of Australia. Dr Reganold said he had
studied two neighboring farms _ one which grew wheat organically without
pesticides or fertilisers, the other using conventional techniques _ in
Washington State's Palouse region. ""It's one of the most erosive areas in the
United States but at the same time it's one of the most productive
wheat-producing areas in the world," he said. He found that erosion was far
worse in the conventional farm, where fertilisers and pesticides had been used
since the late 1940s. ""We looked at about 25 different soil characteristics,
such as organic matter, nitrogen content, phosphorus content, structure,
texture. ""The quality of soil was much better on the organic farm and it had
about 16cm more topsoil than the conventional farm," he said. ""In 50 to 100
years most of the topsoil will be gone on the conventional farm and wheat
productivity is going to drop 30, 40, or even 50 percent. ""The difference in
erosion rates between the organic and conventional farms was most probably due
to their different crop rotation systems. ""Only the organic farm included a
green manure legume crop in the third year of rotation and it had fewer tillage
operations." He said the green manure crop _ winter pea or alfafa and wheat
grass _ was not harvested but turned back into the soil to boost nitrogen
content. The quality and yield of wheat on the organic farm had been above
average for the area. He said governments should encourage farmers to grow green
manure crops to help the long-term survival of their farms. DR John Reganold. .
. green manure crops help survival.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF DR JOHN REGANOLD

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 14, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

DEMAND FOR CORN MAY RISE PRICE

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 13


World and domestic demand for American corn and other feed grains will be strong
in the coming marketing year, and reserves on hand by Oct.1, 1982, will drop to
one of the lowest levels since 1974, the Agriculture Department predicted today.

In its monthly supply and demand report, the department said these factors would
probably push the price of corn up about 10 cents a bushel.

But William G. Lesher, Assistant Secretary for Economics, said he did not expect
this small increase to affect retail meat prices during 1982.

Soviet Forecast Repeated

The department repeated its earlier forecast of lower Soviet grain production in
1981, saying it expected a reduction of more than 10 million metric tons, to
about 200 million metric tons. A metric ton is about 2,204 pounds.

The production would be far below the 1981 Russian production target of 236
million tons. The department now believes, Mr. Lesher said, that the Russians
will need to import 38 million tons, if they intend to maintain meat supplies.

If so, in addition to the wheat, corn, and other feed grains they could buy from
other exporting countries, the Soviet Union would have to come to the United
States for about 13 million tons during the 1982 marketing year, which runs from
Oct. 1, 1981, until Sept. 30, 1982.

Agreement Anticipated

The United States still hopes to conclude another grain agreement with the
Russians. Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said Friday that he hoped grain
talks could begin by the end of this month.

But Mr. Lesher said today that the department still had no forecast of how much
American grain the Russians would want to buy in the 1982 marketing year.

In its first estimate of the 1981 American corn crop last Friday, the
Agriculture Department forecast production at 7.12 billion bushels, the
third-largest crop in history. In today's supply and demand outlook, it foresaw
a carry-over - the amount left when the 1981 harvest begins - of about 866
million bushels, much lower than last year's 1.6 billion tons. Domestic use of
corn in the coming year was expected to be slightly lower. Total exports,
including those to the Soviet Union, would be about the same as in the current
marketing year ending Sept. 30.

Low Corn Reserve

All this, the department said, should leave the United States in the autumn of
1981 with a carry-over, or reserve, of only 708 million bushels, barely above
the minimum 600 million bushels needed to keep supplies flowing while the 1982
crop is harvested.

On Friday, the department also predicted another record wheat crop in 1981,
anticipating total production of more than 2.8 billion bushels.

The 1981 wheat crop year has now ended with the United States holding a
carry-over from last year of more than 900 billion bushels. With another
potential record crop now being harvested, the department today forecast a 1982
carry-over of 1.2 billion bushels, one of the largest on record.

Wheat prices are already dropping below the level at which Federal subsidies
must be paid to wheat farmers. Mr. Lesher said today that it now appeared more
likely that these subsidies would have to be paid early next year.

If wheat farmers' market prices continue at today's level of about $3.67 a
bushel, the subsidies could cost taxpayers more than $400 million next January.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

GM corn rejection unlikely to hurt market

BYLINE: XU WEI

SECTION: INDUSTRIES

LENGTH: 647 words


China's rejection of US corn that contains an unapproved genetically modified
strain is unlikely to cause major price fluctuations in the domestic or US
markets, analysts said.

Quarantine authorities in four provinces have rejected 12 shipments, or 545,000
metric tons, of US corn this month, after detecting a genetically modified
variant known as MIR 162 in them, the General Administration of Quality
Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine said on Friday.

The quarantine authority first detected the genetically modified variety in a
shipment of corn in mid-November, and later made two other notices about the
blocking of the imports.

Chinese quarantine authorities are expected to reject more shipments of US corn,
but analysts agreed that such actions are unlikely to affect corn prices
significantly.

Feng Lichen, president of yumi.com.cn, a web platform for corn information,
said, "Compared with the total amount of corn exports in the United States, the
amount (that has been blocked) is very small."

Total US corn exports in 2012 exceeded 28 million tons, according to the US
Department of Agriculture.

"The impact of the incident would be limited only to the psychological level. In
the long term, the price will remain stable," he said.

Xu Xiaomiao, an analyst with SCI International, a commodity market information
service organization, said the agency has not seen a major fluctuation in the
price of US corn futures.

But the incident could benefit China's domestic corn market in the short term,
as farmers there will have an easier time selling their stockpiles, Xu said.

"Typically, Chinese farmers prefer selling their products at the end of the
year, and the measure would force corn processors to return to the domestic
market," she said.

However, the country is unlikely to see a major surge in corn imports in the
next few years, she said.

China has a corn import quota of 720,000 tons annually, and most goes to
State-owned food processing companies such as China National Cereals, Oils and
Foodstuffs Corp, and China Grain Reserves Corp.

"The customs tax rate for the imported corn within the quota is about 1 percent.
Other than that, the rate would be 65 percent," she said.

Currently, 97 to 98 percent of corn in the Chinese market is supplied by
domestic producers, she added.

Feng agreed, estimating that corn processors will have to pay at least 400 yuan
($66) more for each ton of corn, instead of using imported corn.

The Office of the United States Trade Representative said on Dec 16 that it is
monitoring Chinese rejection of US corn shipments and has urged China to act
promptly to approve genetically modified strains of corn, Reuters reported.

The issue was also raised during the China-US Joint Commission on Commerce and
Trade on Thursday and Friday. US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack is part of
the US delegation headed by US Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker and US Trade
Representative Michael Froman.

Niu Dun, vice-minister of agriculture, said at a media briefing on Friday that
the MIR 162 corn hasn't received safety certification from China and thus cannot
be imported.

Niu said the Chinese authority will assess the safety of GM corn products after
foreign companies seek permission to import such products, and Chinese
authorities must then approve the products before they can be brought in to
China.

Bi Meijia, spokesman for the Ministry of Agriculture, said in a news conference
on Dec 6 that the ministry has received requests for certification of the MIR
162 corn from Swiss biotechnology company Syngenta AG several times since March
2010, but found the experiment data and other materials incomplete.

"The ministry asked the company to supply the missing materials on the principle
of caution," he said. The ministry received the latest certification request in
November and is still evaluating the product, he added.

xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

GM corn rejection unlikely to hurt market

BYLINE: XU WEI

LENGTH: 660  words


China's rejection of US corn that contains an unapproved genetically modified
strain is unlikely to cause major price fluctuations in the domestic or US
markets, analysts said.

Quarantine authorities in four provinces have rejected 12 shipments, or 545,000
metric tons, of US corn this month, after detecting a genetically modified
variant known as MIR 162 in them, the General Administration of Quality
Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine said on Friday.

The quarantine authority first detected the genetically modified variety in a
shipment of corn in mid-November, and later made two other notices about the
blocking of the imports.

Chinese quarantine authorities are expected to reject more shipments of US corn,
but analysts agreed that such actions are unlikely to affect corn prices
significantly.

Feng Lichen, president of yumi.com.cn, a web platform for corn information,
said, "Compared with the total amount of corn exports in the United States, the
amount (that has been blocked) is very small."

Total US corn exports in 2012 exceeded 28 million tons, according to the US
Department of Agriculture.

"The impact of the incident would be limited only to the psychological level. In
the long term, the price will remain stable," he said.

Xu Xiaomiao, an analyst with SCI International, a commodity market information
service organization, said the agency has not seen a major fluctuation in the
price of US corn futures.

But the incident could benefit China's domestic corn market in the short term,
as farmers there will have an easier time selling their stockpiles, Xu said.

"Typically, Chinese farmers prefer selling their products at the end of the
year, and the measure would force corn processors to return to the domestic
market," she said.

However, the country is unlikely to see a major surge in corn imports in the
next few years, she said.

China has a corn import quota of 720,000 tons annually, and most goes to
State-owned food processing companies such as China National Cereals, Oils and
Foodstuffs Corp, and China Grain Reserves Corp.

"The customs tax rate for the imported corn within the quota is about 1 percent.
Other than that, the rate would be 65 percent," she said.

Currently, 97 to 98 percent of corn in the Chinese market is supplied by
domestic producers, she added.

Feng agreed, estimating that corn processors will have to pay at least 400 yuan
($66) more for each ton of corn, instead of using imported corn.

The Office of the United States Trade Representative said on Dec 16 that it is
monitoring Chinese rejection of US corn shipments and has urged China to act
promptly to approve genetically modified strains of corn, Reuters reported.

The issue was also raised during the China-US Joint Commission on Commerce and
Trade on Thursday and Friday. US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack is part of
the US delegation headed by US Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker and US Trade
Representative Michael Froman.

Niu Dun, vice-minister of agriculture, said at a media briefing on Friday that
the MIR 162 corn hasn't received safety certification from China and thus cannot
be imported.

Niu said the Chinese authority will assess the safety of GM corn products after
foreign companies seek permission to import such products, and Chinese
authorities must then approve the products before they can be brought in to
China.

Bi Meijia, spokesman for the Ministry of Agriculture, said in a news conference
on Dec 6 that the ministry has received requests for certification of the MIR
162 corn from Swiss biotechnology company Syngenta AG several times since March
2010, but found the experiment data and other materials incomplete.

"The ministry asked the company to supply the missing materials on the principle
of caution," he said. The ministry received the latest certification request in
November and is still evaluating the product, he added.

xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>© Copyright 2013 China Daily Information
Company.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2013 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 29, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

BUSINESS FORUM: TWO MERCEDES FOR EACH FARMER?;
Farm Subsidies Stifle Agriculture

BYLINE: By JAMES BOVARD; James Bovard is an associate at the Cato Institute. His
book, ''Farm Fiasco,'' will be published in September by the Institute for
Contemporary Studies.

SECTION: Section 3; Page 3, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1042 words


FOR more than 50 years, American agriculture has been the nation's largest
recipient of political intervention and economic aid. Agriculture has been
subjected to an almost constant effort by the Federal Government to set prices,
control producers and allocate capital. So far, the clearest lesson of farm
policy is that members of Congress have no incentive to correct their mistakes.

Federal mismanagement is turning one of America's largest industries into a
ball-and-chain on the economy. Every year since 1983, the total cost to
consumers and taxpayers of farm welfare has approached - or exceeded - total
farm income. Subsidies often exceed the market value of an entire crop, even
though many farmers receive no subsidies at all.

Federal agricultural spending - more than $25 billion this year - is the
equivalent of giving every full-time subsidized farmer two new $30,000
Mercedes-Benz automobiles. Even though the average full-time farmer has a net
worth 10 times greater than the average American family, the average non-farm
head of household must work almost one week a year to support farm welfare.
These non-farm taxpayers have paid about $160 billion in farm subsidies since
1980 enough to buy every farm, barn and tractor in 30 states.

Farm programs are the epitome of arbitrariness in contemporary America.
Department of Agriculture bureaucrats have forced Arizona farmers to abandon
three-quarters of their lemon crop to satisfy the department's marketing plans.
The department has bankrupted cattlemen to enrich dairymen, bushwhacked dry-bean
growers to reward wheat growers and clobbered soybean growers.

Federal agricultural policy has been a hodgepodge of contradictions since 1929,
with conflicting programs to boost and to slash production, to inflate domestic
prices and to drive down prices abroad, and with one program to conserve
farmland and another to reward farmers for plowing fencerow-to-fencerow. The
contradictions have always been there, but the politicians have never stooped to
correct them.

The Federal Government's catastrophic misperceptions of market developments have
repeatedly devastated farmers. In 1930, the Federal Farm Board tried to corner
the grain crop - and helped wreck the world's trading system. In 1973, after two
droughts in the Soviet Union, the Agriculture Department announced that a new
export era had arrived and that farmers should plant until they drop, thus
leading to huge surpluses (and price drops) a few years later. In 1981, the
department was so confident that an era of world food shortages had arrived that
it supported a farm bill that rapidly decimated American farmers'
competitiveness by automatically raising price supports.

Supply control is the heroin of farm policymakers. In the last four years, the
Agriculture Department has shut American farms in a quixotic effort to drive up
world grain prices. This year, the department will reward farmers for idling
almost 80 million acres of farmland - equivalent to the states of Indiana, Ohio,
and most of Illinois. These set-asides increase farmers' cost-of-production -
but as long as crop prices increase, policymakers proclaim success.

Huge export subsidies are the only way to hide the profound anti-export bias of
existing farm programs. American wheat is cheaper in Moscow than in Kansas City,
Mo. and American barley is cheaper in Baghdad than in New York. The Agriculture
Department is spending three times the world price to export butter and sugar
and spends four times the world price to boost rice exports. Even though the
United States has a huge comparative advantage in agriculture, only huge export
subsidies have prevented America from becoming a net food importer.

The more welfare American farmers have received, the less competitive they have
become. Every farm handout program has reduced efficiency, produced higher costs
of production or increased Federal control over the farmers. Many farmers have
gone bankrupt largely because of receiving too many subsidized Government loans.
Up to half the cost of producing tobacco stems from the farmers' rental payments
for the licenses to produce that crop.

THE nation's farm policy is built largely from worthless, inaccurate
information. Statistics on crop yields are vital to the Agriculture Department's
judgments on the health and productivity of American agriculture. But different
agencies of the department routinely differ by as much as 100 percent in their
estimates of the wheat or corn yield of the same cropland. The Farmers Home
Adminstration bases its loan programs on plans intended to help each borrower
budget his expenses. But a Agriculture Department Inspector General's report
found that more than half the Farm and Home plans were worthless because they
were inaccurate, unrealistic and even deliberately manipulated to establish
eligibility for additional loans.

The Department of Agriculture and members of Congress defend farm programs as
economic democracy - but this usually only means giving a majority the right to
seize a minority's property. In the department's referendum on tobacco
subsidies, more than 80 percent of the votes were cast by non-farmers who own
the licenses the farmers must rent to grow their tobacco. Dairy cooperatives are
allowed to cast their members' votes - which is like allowing a landlord to cast
votes for his or her tenants. In a nectarine referendum, the Department of
Agriculture blatantly tried to bias the election's result and made only a feeble
effort to distribute ballots to farmers who might not support continued control
over the growers.

Farm policy's failure is starkest in the contrast between subsidized and
unsubsidized crops. The vast majority of food products grown in the United
States receive no Federal subsidies. During the 1980's, unsubsidized farmers
have had lower bankruptcy rates than subsidized farmers.

Agricultural policy epitomizes the mindless paternalism of modern times. The
Agriculture Department is a bureaucratic Leviathan that, because it was created
to benefit farmers, continues grinding away regardless of how many farmers it
harms. In the end, agricultural policy means trusting the honesty of politicians
and the wisdom of bureaucrats.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

China approves GM corn from Argentina;
China corn

LENGTH: 466 words



HIGHLIGHT: China has approved its first shipment of genetically modified
Argentine corn, Buenos Aires said yesterday.


China has approved its first shipment of genetically modified Argentine corn,
Buenos Aires said yesterday.

Argentine Agriculture Minister Norberto Yauhar said Chinese health authorities
cleared 60,000-tonnes of genetically modified (GMO) Argentine corn. The cargo
was already headed inland to be used as hog and chicken feed.

Benchmark Chicago corn futures fell briefly after Reuters reported on the
shipment. Argentina competes for market share with the United States, the No. 1
world corn exporter. But CBOT corn futures, which were already depressed due to
good U.S. crop weather, ended the session mixed.

"For many years we have worked to gain access to the Chinese market. Today we
did it with a cargo of very high quality corn," Yauhar said in a statement that
named trading company Bunge as the exporter of the cargo. "The authorities in
China have finally let us in, opening a potentially enormous market for our
corn," the minister added. Argentina is the word's No. 3 corn and soybean
exporter, as well as its top supplier of byproducts such as soyoil and soymeal.
China is already a major buyer of Argentine soy. Demand for corn-fed pork and
poultry has boomed in China as a growing middle class can afford a
higher-protein diet. The Argentine corn was imported by China's state-owned
trading house COFCO and left Argentina about a month ago, said three Buenos
Aires-based grains trading sources, hours before Yauhar's statement came out.
The market knew since May that Argentine corn was headed to China. But questions
lingered as to whether it would be approved for entry by the AQSIQ, China's
General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine. "The
cargo has now been approved by the AQSIQ and the vessel has been discharged in
China. The corn is officially imported and on its way to end customers," said a
source at a major trading company in Buenos Aires, asking not to be named.
Chicago corn prices have fallen sharply from record highs last summer, and many
analysts and traders expected prices to fall further on prospects for a U.S.
bumper crop this season. In contrast to last year, the world is expected to be
awash with corn for the foreseeable future, keeping prices in check. Argentina's
2012/13 crop is nearly all harvested. China is seen by corn futures traders as a
wild card in their attempt to pencil in specific price projections. Most
Argentine corn is genetically modified. A small amount was allowed into China
late last year as a test case under a China-Argentina GMO deal signed in
February 2012. There is broad scientific consensus that food on the market
derived from genetically modified crops pose no greater risk than conventional
food. However, advocacy groups argue the risks of GMO food have not been
adequately identified. (C) Reuters

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

China approves GM corn from Argentina;
China corn

LENGTH: 466 words



HIGHLIGHT: China has approved its first shipment of genetically modified
Argentine corn, Buenos Aires said yesterday.


China has approved its first shipment of genetically modified Argentine corn,
Buenos Aires said yesterday.

Argentine Agriculture Minister Norberto Yauhar said Chinese health authorities
cleared 60,000-tonnes of genetically modified (GMO) Argentine corn. The cargo
was already headed inland to be used as hog and chicken feed.

Benchmark Chicago corn futures fell briefly after Reuters reported on the
shipment. Argentina competes for market share with the United States, the No. 1
world corn exporter. But CBOT corn futures, which were already depressed due to
good U.S. crop weather, ended the session mixed.

"For many years we have worked to gain access to the Chinese market. Today we
did it with a cargo of very high quality corn," Yauhar said in a statement that
named trading company Bunge as the exporter of the cargo. "The authorities in
China have finally let us in, opening a potentially enormous market for our
corn," the minister added. Argentina is the word's No. 3 corn and soybean
exporter, as well as its top supplier of byproducts such as soyoil and soymeal.
China is already a major buyer of Argentine soy. Demand for corn-fed pork and
poultry has boomed in China as a growing middle class can afford a
higher-protein diet. The Argentine corn was imported by China's state-owned
trading house COFCO and left Argentina about a month ago, said three Buenos
Aires-based grains trading sources, hours before Yauhar's statement came out.
The market knew since May that Argentine corn was headed to China. But questions
lingered as to whether it would be approved for entry by the AQSIQ, China's
General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine. "The
cargo has now been approved by the AQSIQ and the vessel has been discharged in
China. The corn is officially imported and on its way to end customers," said a
source at a major trading company in Buenos Aires, asking not to be named.
Chicago corn prices have fallen sharply from record highs last summer, and many
analysts and traders expected prices to fall further on prospects for a U.S.
bumper crop this season. In contrast to last year, the world is expected to be
awash with corn for the foreseeable future, keeping prices in check. Argentina's
2012/13 crop is nearly all harvested. China is seen by corn futures traders as a
wild card in their attempt to pencil in specific price projections. Most
Argentine corn is genetically modified. A small amount was allowed into China
late last year as a test case under a China-Argentina GMO deal signed in
February 2012. There is broad scientific consensus that food on the market
derived from genetically modified crops pose no greater risk than conventional
food. However, advocacy groups argue the risks of GMO food have not been
adequately identified. (C) Reuters

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

China approves GM corn from Argentina;
China corn

LENGTH: 466 words



HIGHLIGHT: China has approved its first shipment of genetically modified
Argentine corn, Buenos Aires said yesterday.


China has approved its first shipment of genetically modified Argentine corn,
Buenos Aires said yesterday.

Argentine Agriculture Minister Norberto Yauhar said Chinese health authorities
cleared 60,000-tonnes of genetically modified (GMO) Argentine corn. The cargo
was already headed inland to be used as hog and chicken feed.

Benchmark Chicago corn futures fell briefly after Reuters reported on the
shipment. Argentina competes for market share with the United States, the No. 1
world corn exporter. But CBOT corn futures, which were already depressed due to
good U.S. crop weather, ended the session mixed.

"For many years we have worked to gain access to the Chinese market. Today we
did it with a cargo of very high quality corn," Yauhar said in a statement that
named trading company Bunge as the exporter of the cargo. "The authorities in
China have finally let us in, opening a potentially enormous market for our
corn," the minister added. Argentina is the word's No. 3 corn and soybean
exporter, as well as its top supplier of byproducts such as soyoil and soymeal.
China is already a major buyer of Argentine soy. Demand for corn-fed pork and
poultry has boomed in China as a growing middle class can afford a
higher-protein diet. The Argentine corn was imported by China's state-owned
trading house COFCO and left Argentina about a month ago, said three Buenos
Aires-based grains trading sources, hours before Yauhar's statement came out.
The market knew since May that Argentine corn was headed to China. But questions
lingered as to whether it would be approved for entry by the AQSIQ, China's
General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine. "The
cargo has now been approved by the AQSIQ and the vessel has been discharged in
China. The corn is officially imported and on its way to end customers," said a
source at a major trading company in Buenos Aires, asking not to be named.
Chicago corn prices have fallen sharply from record highs last summer, and many
analysts and traders expected prices to fall further on prospects for a U.S.
bumper crop this season. In contrast to last year, the world is expected to be
awash with corn for the foreseeable future, keeping prices in check. Argentina's
2012/13 crop is nearly all harvested. China is seen by corn futures traders as a
wild card in their attempt to pencil in specific price projections. Most
Argentine corn is genetically modified. A small amount was allowed into China
late last year as a test case under a China-Argentina GMO deal signed in
February 2012. There is broad scientific consensus that food on the market
derived from genetically modified crops pose no greater risk than conventional
food. However, advocacy groups argue the risks of GMO food have not been
adequately identified. (C) Reuters

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday

GrainCorp rejects sweetened Archer bid

BYLINE: by Paul Whitfield

LENGTH: 425 words


Australia's GrainCorp Ltd. on Thursday, Dec. 13, rejected a A$2.78 billion
($2.93 billion) offer from leading shareholder Archer Daniels Midland Co.,
declaring the improved bid too low.  "The increase in the proposed price has not
changed the board's view that ADM's proposal materially undervalues GrainCorp,"
the target said. "GrainCorp's board will be constructive in any dealings in
relation to proposals that have the potential to be in the best interests of
shareholders."  Decatur, Ill.-based Archer Daniels made a nonbinding bid of
A$12.20 per share for GrainCorp on Dec. 3, not including a A$0.35 dividend that
would be paid prior to the deal closing. The offer marked an improvement on a
A$11.75 per share bid that GrainCorp. dismissed on Nov. 15.   Archer Daniels has
amassed a 19.9% stake in GrainCorp, taking a 14.9% holding prior to making its
initial offer. The stake may initially have deterred potential rival suitors
including Bunge Ltd., Cargill Inc. and Louis Dreyfus Holdings BV but could now
facilitate other offers after Archer Daniels raised the prospect of selling up.

"We intend to consider all our options with respect to GrainCorp and our 19.9%
shareholding," spokeswoman Jackie Anderson said in a Thursday statement. "Our
proposal offered more certainty, greater value and immediate realization of
potential future value for GrainCorp shareholders than GrainCorp's standalone
plan."  Archer Daniels' bid valued GrainCorp at about 8.7 times earnings. That
is less than comparable deals this year, which have been pitched at more than
9.5 times earnings.   Analysts suggested a bid of between A$13 and A$14 could
win over GrainCorp's board and secure one of the last midsized targets in a
grain-handling sector that has been reshaped by consolidation over the past
year. Glencore International plc this month won final approval for its C$6
billion ($6 billion) takeover of Canada's Viterra Inc., while Japan's Marubeni
Corp. is still waiting to finalize its $5.6 billion takeover of the U.S.'s No. 3
grain-handling company, Gavilon LLC.  GrainCorp is the biggest grain handler on
Australia's east coast, where it handles about 75% of all grain production, and
about 35% of Eastern Australia's grain exports.    GrainCorp is taking advice
from Credit Suisse Group and Greenhill & Co. LLC. It tapped Gilbert + Tobin for
legal counsel.  Shares in GrainCorp closed Thursday on the Australian exchange
at A$12.30, down less than 1% on their previous close. The stock has gained 60%
in the past year.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-10 Billion

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     July 23, 1996, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

Alberta challenges wheat board domination

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 255 words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


   EDMONTON (CP) - The Alberta government has filed a legal challenge to the
Canadian Wheat Board's domination of the Canadian grain industry and intends to
set up a program to help farmers sell their own crops.

The challenge was filed in the Federal Court of Canada yesterday.

"It's very unfair as far as producers are concerned," said Alberta Agriculture
Minister Walter Paszkowski. "We feel we have to find a way for farmers to
maximize their returns."

Farmers on the Prairies currently must sell their wheat and barley through the
board, although a recent report on the federal agency's future suggested a
compromise for barley sales.

The province is also asking an Alberta court to provide a legal opinion on
whether the province can help farmers bypass the embattled wheat board.

Paszkowski hopes the government will be able to buy grain from farmers by early
next year, truck it across the United States border for them and then sell it
back on the other side.

"The Canadian Wheat Board Act does not specify that the act applies to any
government," Paszkowski said. "On this basis the government of Alberta feels it
could export grain without a (wheat board) licence."

Many Prairie farmers have been charged in the last year with illegally trucking
grain across the border where they say they can earn about $2,500 more per load
than what the wheat board pays.

One farmer is now in jail awaiting a court appearance.

Alberta farmers rejected the wheat board in a plebiscite late last year.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

             February 19, 1992, Wednesday, DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION

Chicago wheat futures drop on rejection of foreign bids

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 18, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Wheat futures nosedived on the Chicago Board of Trade yesterday, closing US10
1/4 cents to US15 1/2 cents a bushel lower. The actively traded May contract
finished at US$4.08 1/2, down US15 1/2 cents.

The declines were stimulated in part by reports that the U.S. Agriculture
Department had rejected bids by Egypt and Sri Lanka for subsidized U.S. wheat.

Canada's planned protest of the U.S. Agriculture Department's targetting of the
Philippines for 1.2 million tonnes of subsidized U.S. wheat also encouraged
selling interest.

Losses in deferred wheat prices, however, were offset in part by talk the U.S.
winter wheat crop has been left vulnerable to freeze damage.

Historically low supplies of wheat in the U.S. and the potential for another
round of export credits to the Commonwealth of Independent States also limited
declines in the wheat pit.

Slack farmer deliveries combined with a pickup in export demand from Asian
sources to drive CBOT soybean futures US1 3/4 cents to US5 1/2 cents a bushel
higher. The featured May contract settled at US$5.82 1/2, up US5 1/2 cents.

However, the gains in soybeans were offset by the sharp selloff in wheat and the
current favorable growing conditions for the soybean crop in Brazil.

Strong demand from Japanese interests as well as the gains in CBOT soybeans
propelled canola futures at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange $1.50 to $2.50 a
tonne higher. The most sought June contract closed at $281.60, up $2.50.

The reluctance of prairie farmers to deliver canola to the elevator system also
fuelled the rally.

Profit-taking and a pickup in farmer deliveries generated the selling that took
WCE rye futures $1 to $2.20 lower. The featured May contract ended at $120.80,
down $1.70.

Weakness in the cash market along with news that U.S. retailers have been
featuring pork products and not beef pushed live and feeder cattle futures at
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange lower.

CME live cattle closed US20 cents to US50 cents a hundredweight lower, with
featured April down US50 cents at US$76.80. Feeders ended US23 cents to US73
cents lower, with April down 52 cents at US$77.20.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 30, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

YEAR'S FALL IN FARM PRICES ENDS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 2; Page 29, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 29


After months of steady decline, prices paid to farmers for raw products rose an
estimated 1.6 percent in January, the first time in more than a year that the
index has risen, the Agriculture Department reported today.

Despite the gain in the index, to 130 from a revised 128 in December, prices
remained 9.7 percent below a year ago, officials said. The sag in farm prices
has put heavy pressure on farmers' income prospects for 1982. But it has also
moderated retail food price increases.

In an effort to strengthen farm prices, Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said
today that far mers who wanted to remain eligible for wheat, corn, rice and
cotton subsidies must reduce plantings this year by 10 pe rcent or 15 percent.
Surpluses in these commodities havehelped to dep ress prices. (Page 37).

The latest figures from the Agriculture Department's Crop Reporting Board
confirmed that the index of prices paid to farmers did not rise in any month in
1981, the first time that had happened since 1933.  The index held steady in
four months but dropped in eight, including a revised decline of 1.5 percent in
December. The last previous gain was that of seven-tenths of 1 percent in
December 1980.

Final figures for December also showed that the parity ratio averaged 61 percent
in 1981, the lowest full-year reading since the 58 percent posted in 1932, in
the depths of the Depression. At 100 percent, the indicator would mean,
theoretically, that farmers had the same buying power they had had in 1910-14.

The preliminary January parity ratio was 56 percent, down from a revised 57
percent in December.  Huge harvests and resulting food surpluses, high interest
rates and continued inflation have bitten deeply into the farm economy.  Lower
grain prices, coupled with the failure of the livestock sector to rebound, have
contributed to the squeeze.

While farm income was declining, the index of prices that farmers pay to meet
expenses rose 2 percent from December, and was 4.1 percent above a year earlier.

In January, officials said, the increase in income was caused mainly by higher
prices for hogs, lettuce, cattle, broilers and tomatoes. But lower prices were
reported for strawberries, wheat, eggs, apples and cotton.

According to the preliminary figures, which are based mostly on mid-month
averages, prices of meat animals rose 3.7 percent from December but still
averaged 7.3 percent below a year ago. Poultry and eggs rose 2.7 percent, but
trailed levels a year earlier by 6.6 percent.

Rise in Vegetable Prices

The vegetable price index rose 14 percent from December, reflecting sharp
increases for lettuce and tomatoes. Lower prices for asparagus, carrots and
green peppers helped offset the gains for the other items. Vegetable prices over
all were 19 percent above a year ago.

Department economists predicted that retail food prices would rise about 7
percent in 1982, compared with a 7.9 percent gain in 1981, which was the
smallest annual increase since 1977.

The January index of 130 reflects a 1977 base price average used for comparison.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: graph of farm prices from 8 80 through 1 82

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 1, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

PRICES PAID FARMERS DOWN 1.9% IN MARCH

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 13, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 31


The prices that farmers receive for their raw products dropped 1.9 percent in
March from February, the fourth consecutive monthly decline, but still were an
average of 10 percent higher than those of a year ago, the Agriculture
Department said today. Officials said that lower prices for hogs, cattle,
soybeans, wheat, cotton and corn led the decline.

Prices were higher for oranges, onions, potatoes, tomatoes, lettuce and snap
beans, the department's Crop Reporting Board said.  Prices that farmers pay to
meet expenses rose seven-tenths of 1 percent from February and were an average
of 9.4 percent higher than those of a year ago. Prices were higher chiefly for
family living items, fuels, fertilizers, farm chemicals and farm equipment, the
report said.

According to the preliminary March figures - which are based mostly on midmonth
averages - prices of meat animals as a group dropped 3.2 percent from February.
The index was 6.5 percent below that of a year earlier.

Soybeans and Cottonseed Off

The March price index for oil-bearing crops - which include soybeans and
cottonseed - declined 4.4 percent from February but still was 28 percent higher
than index figures a year ago.

But vegetable prices at the farm rose 4.3 percent from a month earlier, with
higher prices for onions, tomatoes and lettuce accounting for most of it, the
report said. Prices for sweet corn, asparagus and carrots dropped. The overall
index was up 53 percent compared with March figures a year ago.

Fruit prices over all rose 12 percent from February, with oranges, strawberries,
pears and grapefruit accounting for most of the increase.

Department economists continued to predict that retail food prices would go up
an average of 10 to 15 percent this year, compared with an 8.6 percent increase
in 1980, the smallest one-year gain since 1977.

Measuring specific prices, the report said that cattle averaged $57.40 per 100
pounds, compared with $58.70 in February and $64.30 in March 1980; wheat
averaged $3.93 a bushel, compared with $4.17 in February and $3.64 a year ago,
and eggs were 60.8 cents a dozen, compared with 62.6 cents in February and 55
cents a year ago.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 24, 2005 Sunday

Harkin: Use technology to ensure feed quality; Durbin also expresses concern
about protection from mad cow disease

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 745 words


The federal government is doing a better job of protecting us from mad cow
disease, but there is room for improvement, according to a Government
Accountability Office investigation.

Sens. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, and Richard Durbin, D-Ill., requested the
investigation of the Food and Drug Administration's enforcement of its
ruminant-to-ruminant feed ban. The GAO report, released in February, found that
the FDA could not say how many plants were actually in compliance with feed ban
rules and lacked testing procedures to detect prohibited material in animal
feed.

Feeding protein material from one ruminant to another is believed to be the
major route by which BSE, commonly known as mad cow disease, is transmitted
among animals.

"The FDA ruminant-to-ruminant feed ban is the linchpin of the U.S. strategy for
preventing the spread of BSE to U.S. cattle herds," Harkin said. "Yet the GAO
found substantial shortcomings in enforcing the ban, including failure to
monitor feed plants adequately and to test animal feed for prohibited ruminant
byproducts. Common sense tells us the best way to measure compliance is to
sample feed to make sure it does not contain ruminant byproducts. Despite what
the FDA asserts, technology is available for testing feed to detect ruminant
byproducts. The FDA should use this technology."

Durbin said: "The U.S. food supply is still the safest in the world, but we must
take the steps necessary to keep it that way. This GAO report is one more link
in a long chain of evidence that the threat of BSE is not being taken seriously
enough."

The ruminant byproducts feed ban has been in place since 1997. The FDA requires
feed companies handling both prohibited ruminant byproducts and ruminant feed to
keep these materials separate.

Harkin said the GAO report shoots holes in the FDA's claim of 99 percent
compliance with the ban because only a fraction of feed plants are inspected.
The FDA does not count actual violations of the feed rules if the plants
involved are later found in compliance, Harkin said.

The GAO also noted that because feed plants are not required to register with
the FDA, not all plants that make animal feed and are subject to FDA inspection
have even been identified or inspected.

It should be noted, though, that there are other safeguards against BSE. While
the FDA looks at feed, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has safeguards on the
other end of the production chain. Since the program's inception on June 1,
2004, the department has tested more than 322,000 suspect cattle for BSE, with
no animals testing positive. The lone BSE case in the United States was
discovered in a dairy cow of Canadian origin in December 2003.

A copy of the GAO report is available at www.gao.gov.

The United States is losing farmers. Farming takes enormous amounts of capital,
which is exposed to a sizable amount of risk. Profit margins continue to shrink,
requiring more land and more production per farm to sustain a farming business.
For many young people, farming does not look like a promising career choice.

To turn this trend around, the Churches' Center for Land and People, based in
Sinsinawa, Wis., is working to link prospective farmers with placement in
startup farming enterprises. The center is helping recruit religious properties
and communities to place new and transitioning farmers on the land.

The center produced a 25-minute documentary called "CRAFTing Farmers for People
and the Land," to promote new farmer training and placement efforts in Illinois
and Wisconsin.

"Our goal in this effort is to transition young farmers and growers into types
of farming that respect life - their life, all life," said Tony Ends, Churches'
Center for Land and People director. "We want to do this through support of
churches, communities and congregations."

The Churches' Center for Land and People partners with the CSA Learning Center
in Caledonia, Ill., to train aspiring farmers in environmentally friendly
sustainable farming practices. Some interns in the program have never been on a
farm before. Others with farm backgrounds want to return to farming but not
through the conventional bulk commercial production.

For more information, contact Tony Ends at the Churches' Center for Land and
People, 608/748-4411, ext. 805, or 608/897-4288.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cold Spring Record (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2013

This Business Of Farming

BYLINE: Cold Spring Record staff

LENGTH: 480  words


USDA says 2013 will go down as a great year for farmers and their incomes will
be at record levels.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack says the record income provides further
evidence that agriculture has "worked hard to recover from an historic drought
and other disasters" and the report is a "further sign of the positive momentum
they have achieved over the past five years."

Much of their optimism is based on healthy balance sheets for most farmers, who
have put a lot of effort into becoming more efficient and financially viable.
Farm sector assets, debt, and equity are all forecast to increase in 2013 and
according to USDA chief economist Joe Glauber, "increases in farm asset values
are expected to continue to exceed increases in farm debt, netting a record high
for farm equity."

Again this year, we saw farmers paying cash for land and equipment rather than
borrowing from the bank, continuing the trend Glauber is referring to, as asset
values outpace increases in farm debt.

As for the lower corn and soybean prices, Glauber says they will be offset
"because big gains in chicken and milk sales will power a five percent increase
in the value of livestock, dairy and poultry production this year." Milk export
sales alone are expected to be up 17% with combined livestock sales up 5%.

Not to take away from such an optimistic forecast, but I wonder if it might be
too early in the game to be forecasting the second highest inflation-adjusted
income since 1973. Especially when farmers are faced with record high production
expenses, sharply lower commodity prices along with crops that are looking rough
and way behind in development.

What makes farmers question the report is the assumption that USDA has a good
handle on the size of this year's crops. The agency hasn't had the best record
in pegging crop size and last year they took a lot of heat for over estimating
the corn crop in its August report which was followed by several downward
adjustments as actual yields started coming in. USDA's Statistics Division
blamed the hot dry weather at the end of summer for the need for adjustments.
Much the same situation we are facing this year.

Unlike early season reports, that are based on statistical models, the August
report uses actual farmer input, which in a normal year would add accuracy to
the report. But with crops running so far behind, even the farmer has trouble
putting a number on their potential yields and the quality of the crop this
year.

While it's good to know the ag economy is doing well, it may be a bit premature
to be declaring 2013 as a year of record income for farmers when the combine
hasn't even left the shed. That, and the fact no-one knows when the first frost
is going to hit which will be the real "game changer."

...just say (Your thoughts? email me at: jussayn@live.com) (c) Copyright 2013
Strom Communications All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CSR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Cold Spring Record


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                            February 1, 2013 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

US visitors put Tassie farms on map

BYLINE: ROGER HANSON

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 451 words


TASMANIA is becoming a haven for visiting American agricultural tours.

Specialist agricultural technical tour operator Quadrant Australia is bringing a
study group of 24 American farmers to Tasmania next week.

The farmers are from throughout the United States and will look at some of the
diverse range of farming operations here.

The visit follows hard on the heels of a study group led by Dr Paul Read, who
brought nine students from the University of Nebraska's Institute of Agriculture
and Natural Resources on a tour of vineyards and horticultural enterprises.

Well-known rural identity and Tasmanian Country columnist John Rich will manage
the tour to Tasmania for Quadrant Australia.

Mr Rich has been closely involved with Tasmanian agriculture for more than 30
years.

In this time he has led and developed rural study tours within Australia and
overseas.

In addition to inbound groups, Quadrant Australia is planning more than 25
outbound tours this year covering a wide and interesting range of agricultural
activities and destinations.

Mr Rich said group study tours like the latest one provides US farmers,
producers and other industry stakeholders the opportunity to gain an
understanding of both the farming industry and lifestyle in regional Australia.

The American contingent will arrive in Devonport on Monday evening.

The group is travelling under the Farm Progress banner, which operates four of
the United States' agricultural industry's largest annual events, including the
Farm Progress Show, the country's largest outdoor farm show, which attracts more
than 100,000 people.

The Farm Progress Group also publishes 23 regional and national farming and
cropping publications and owns a broadcast network, Farm Progress America.

One of its broadcasters, influential US agricultural journalist Max Armstrong,
who has hosted his own radio and television shows for more than 30 years, is
leading the tour.

``His broadcasts are heard by millions of farmers and consumers through a
network of 165 radio stations,'' Mr Rich said.

``This will be a great opportunity to profile Tasmania to a huge audience.''

Mr Rich said the group would travel from Devonport to Gunns Plains on Tuesday
for a visit to local farms under the guidance of Colin Wing, then experience the
attractions of Wing's Wildlife Park, before going to Launceston late in the
afternoon.

``On Wednesday morning we will be visiting Woolmers Estate at Longford to learn
about some of the early settlement history,'' Mr Rich added.

``And in the afternoon will visit Roderic O'Connor's historic 17,200ha
Connorville Station, at Cressy.''

On Thursday the group heads to Hobart to inspect Houston's Farm at Richmond and
look at production of leafy salads.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TSC


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            June 9, 2004, Wednesday

Farming boom predicted

BYLINE: MORGAN Jon

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 2; BUSINESS DAY; C

LENGTH: 405 words


The Agriculture Ministry is forecasting a farming boom -- but only if the
Treasury's guess of a falling exchange rate is right.

Ministry economists say the value of all agriculture exports will rise a massive
20 per cent during the next three years, mainly because of Treasury's "working
assumption" that the kiwi dollar will fall against the United States currency.

But in case the Treasury has it wrong, the ministry has included for the first
time two other predictions -- based on higher or lower exchange rates -- in its
annual situation and outlook report.

"You can't forecast what the exchange rate will be. Their guess is as good as
anyone's," said senior policy analyst Tony Wharton when asked if treasury had
the ministry's full confidence. The ministry wanted to give people "a bit more
of an understanding" of the likely levels farm export prices could go between
and had decided to poll seven other economic institutions and add their picks to
the mix.

The top four's average of a kiwi dollar worth US54c and the bottom four's US59c
were then used to give alternative forecasts, though the ministry kept with
Treasury's pick of US55c for its main report. The same exercise was applied to
four other currencies.

The ministry's "baseline" forecast of a $ 20.2 billion return from pastoral
agriculture, horticulture and forestry exports by the year ending June 2007 will
return farming to the boom year of 2002 when the kiwi stayed below US45c.

The largest contributors to this will be dairy, up 25% to $ 7.59b, and forestry,
up 41% to $ 3.89b, both benefiting from rising prices at the same time as they
are producing bigger volumes of milk and lumber.

Wool's export value is projected to rise 4% on higher prices, while
horticulture's worth is expected to leap by about 30%, mainly driven by a 300%
increase in the amount of wine being exported.

Meat exports should firm 1%, as higher prices for lamb and beef are offset by
lower beef volumes.

Within sectors the outlook for prices is variable. Dairy produce is projected to
generally rise, with the exception of butter, and so are prices for venison,
velvet, apples and wine. However, beef, lamb, wool and kiwifruit prices are
projected to fall in 2004-05 and then recover. Milksolids prices are expected to
fall to 2005-06 then recover.

Production is expected to rise over the next three years, expect for beef,
velvet and venison.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Fairfax New Zealand


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday

Agriculture Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b8

LENGTH: 475 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, Iowa


Goat weigh-in slated in Delaware County

The 2005 Delaware County 4-H and FFA goat weigh-in will be held from 9 to 11
a.m. Saturday in the Sheep Barn at the Delaware County Fairgrounds.  All market
goat entries in the 2005 Delaware County Fair Meat Goat Show must be weighed in
and ear-tagged at this site.

There is a $1 fee for each animal. Exhibitors are asked to bring correct change.

For more information on the market goat weigh-in, contact the Delaware County
Extension office at 563/927-4201.

Apprenticeships offered on several Iowa farms

Practical Farmers of Iowa will offer summer apprenticeships on several Iowa
farms through the "Learning the Farmer Way" program.

Students may apply to work on these farms and learn a wide variety of farming
and marketing skills. The operations range from grain and livestock farms to
vegetable and community-supported agriculture farms.

Applicants should contact apprenticeship coordinator Kamyar Enshayan at
319/273-7575.

Foremost Farms giving patronage refunds

BARABOO, Wis. - Foremost Farms USA recently issued $23.9 million in 2005
patronage refunds.

Strong dairy markets in 2004 combined with the business decisions of prior years
helped steer the cooperative to a strong financial performance, the company
said.

The cooperative operates 20 manufacturing facilities and one milk transfer
station for its 3,600 dairy farmer-members in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa,
Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Ohio. Foremost Farms employed 1,487 people as of
Dec. 31.

Candidates sought

ELKADER, Iowa - The Clayton County Dairy Promotion Committee is seeking
candidates for the Clayton County Dairy Princess, Little Miss Squirt, and Junior
Dairyman contests. Deadline is May 10. Judging will be held at 8 p.m. May 31 at
Herbster Hall, Peace United Church of Christ, Elkader.

For more information, call the Clayton County Extension Office in Elkader at
563/245-1451.

Crowning of the 2005 Dairy Princess, Little Miss Squirt and Junior Dairyman will
be held in conjunction with the Clayton County Dairy Banquet on June 3 at
Johnson's Reception Hall in Elkader.

Judging video available

"Oral Reasons for the 2004 Hoard's Dairyman Cow Judging Contest" is a resource
for coaches of 4-H youth dairy judging teams, high school vo-ag instructors, or
youth looking to enhance their oral reasons skill levels.

The 18-minute video features six University of Wisconsin-Madison dairy judging
students giving sample reasons based on classes from the 2004 Hoard's Dairyman
Cow Judging Contest.

The videos are $30 per copy. Tapes can be ordered from UW-Madison Extension
through e-mail at tjhalbach@wisc.edu. Indicate if additional picture sheets are
needed when placing an order. The tape also is on deposit and available through
the Cooperative Extension Media Collection at 800/353-3514.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          September 7, 1989, Thursday

US MEAT EXPORTERS EYE PACIFIC RIM

BYLINE: PAULA L. GREEN; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 298 words


U.S. exporters of red meat are targeting markets throughout the Pacific Rim with
the help of a $ 9 million grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The U.S. Meat Export Federation program is using almost 40 percent of the funds
to try to expand the Japanese market for beef, pork and lamb products and about
25 percent to target markets in the China-Pacific region, from South Korea to
Singapore, said Philip Seng, the federation's senior vice president of
nternational programs.

The federation is one of about 50 associations that will receive funds through
the Targeted Export Assistance program, which is run by the department's foreign
agriculture service.

The $ 200 million appropriation for the 1990 fiscal year is the last in the
five-year program, which was authorized under the 1985 Farm Bill. The program
was designed to help commodity producers that were facing unfair trade practices
in foreign countries, a department official said.

This year, for example, the American Soybean Association will receive $ 11.5
million and the California Walnut Commission $ 8 million.

Mr. Seng said U.S. meat exporters want to be ready when Japan's meat market
opens up in 1991. "Right now the market is very controlled," he said. ''As
quotas are lifted and the distribution system is simplified, we want to expand."

U.S. red-meat producers ship about $ 1 billion worth of their output, or 70
percent of their exports, to Japan each year, he said. Before the European
Community banned imports of meats treated with hormones, the 12 EC nations
imported about $ 250 million worth of beef, pork and lamb products, he said.

The Denver-based federation represents a broad range of players in the meat
industry, from cattle feeders to members of the packing industry.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                             July 26, 1999, Monday

Envoy role for farm chief

BYLINE: BAILEY Malcolm  POLSON Alistair

SECTION: NEWS; National; Pg. 2; NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


WELLINGTON -- Outgoing Federated Farmers president Malcolm Bailey has been
appointed as a "roving ambassador" for New Zealand agriculture.

Prime Minister Jenny Shipley announced the appointment at the Federated Farmers
annual conference in New Plymouth yesterday when Mr Bailey stepped down after a
three-year term.

Mrs Shipley said Mr Bailey had been appointed as a Special Trade Envoy for New
Zealand with ambassadorial status.

"His role will be to promote and defend New Zealand's agricultural trading
interests in such key organisational export markets as the European Union, the
United States and Japan," she said.

Mr Bailey would meet overseas farmers and farm groups, attend conferences and
speak to the international media.

"His role will be vital in engaging groups such as the US sheep farmers and
European farming lobbies on the benefits of free and fair trade in agricultural
products," Mrs Shipley said.

"Mr Bailey is widely respected as someone capable of promoting agricultural
trade.

"He is able to speak from experience about the benefits of the New Zealand
approach to non- subsidisation of agriculture and to reflect the view of the New
Zealand farmer overseas."

Wanganui sheep and beef farmer Alistair Polson was elected the new president of
Federated Farmers.

Mr Polson had been a vice- president for the past four years and is the
federation's spokesman on ACC, health and safety, animal welfare and education.

The 43-year-old Massey University graduate will follow in the footsteps of his
grandfather, Sir William Polson, who is a past president.

His vice-presidential associate for the past four years, Tom Lambie, a South
Canterbury dairy farmer, was re-elected for another term. --NZPA

--------------------

CAPTION:

Malcolm Bailey

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                 April 28, 1999

Supplement: Farming

SECTION: Supplement: Farming

LENGTH: 409 words


The Beef Wars are heating up after a recommendation by the European Union's
Commission College to ban all imports of United States beef from June 15. This
follows the discovery of residues of banned growth hormones in 258 samples of
supposedly hormone-free beef. The Standing Veterinary Committee will consider
the proposals this week. From May 13, the EU ban is "illegal" under World Trade
Organisation rules, but the test results are part of the EU's scientific report
designed to vindicate its continuing ban. The full reports will be published
later this year. Commission officials suggest the poor controls over
"hormone-free" beef will strengthen the EU's argument for the ban to remain. The
US has agreed to investigate the problem.

- The European Commission is drawing up plans to force member states to increase
surveillance on BSE in sheep and goats, and to implement scrapie eradication
schemes. The Scientific Steering Committee might revive the SRM regulations that
farm ministers failed to agree last year.

- MEPs will have more say in future CAP spending. They will be able to amend
spending on the rural development regulation measures, including early
retirement schemes, afforestation and agri -environment schemes. The RDR budget
will be agreed annually.

- Farm Commissioner Franz Fischler has admitted that the Berlin agreement on CAP
reform has increased the risk of agricultural surpluses and undermined the
European position in the next round of WTO talks.

- There is widespread disagreement over whether quotas should end in 2006 or be
extended to 2008, as part of the dairy sector reforms. The London Club (Sweden,
Italy, Denmark and UK) still favours ending quotas after 2006, while other
member states argue for an extension. Calls for a mid-term review for the dairy
sector in 2003 are backed by the London Club, the German presidency and the
Netherlands.

- The OECD Agricultural Outlook report predicts a slow recovery for world market
prices for most commodities as the economies in the Far East and Latin America
recover. However, it warns that the CAP reforms will not help EU countries to
trade freely on world markets.

- The Swiss federal environment agency has refused two applications for testing
GMOs in Switzerland, although imports of GM products will not be affected. In
America Cargill and two other maize exporters have decided to avoid GM maize
varieties that have not been approved in the EU.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 1999 Western Morning News


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                             July 14, 1998, Tuesday

Women swap views

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 14

LENGTH: 155 words


Cambridge dairy farmers Hilary Webber and Willy Geck were among 1200 rural women
from 50 countries at the second international conference on women in agriculture
in Washington DC last week.

Hosted by the US Agriculture Department and sponsored by President Bill
Clinton's agency for women, the conference explored free trade and marketing
issues and rural networks. Presenters included US Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman.

Mrs Webber, a New Zealand Dairy Group director, said only a Wrightson travel
sponsorship had made it possible to present to the conference evidence on the
dairy product tariffs New Zealand pays to the US Government and on other trade
barriers. She said the sponsorship also meant she could meet Australian rural
women's networks.

These groups encouraged women in agriculture to realise their potential and to
support other women who want to be part of decision-making beyond the farm gate.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 2, 1992, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. crop glut to force increase in subsidies

BYLINE: Financial Post news services

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The U.S., which last month threatened a trade war to get Europe to pledge to
trim its farm subsidies, will spend more on subsidies next year to offset a
price-depressing crop glut, officials said yesterday.

At their annual outlook conference, Agriculture Department officials also
forecast ''fairly strong'' U.S. agricultural exports of US$41.5 billion in 1993
and a third year of modest increases in grocery prices.

''If we look out to 1993, crop and livestock producers are gearing up again for
large production,'' said James Donald, chairman of the department's World
Agricultural Outlook Board.

Donald did not suggest a figure for U.S. farm subsidies, but the department has
estimated the farm program will cost US$13.1 billion in fiscal 1993, compared
with US$10.56 billion in fiscal 1992, which ended Sept. 30.

In late November, U.S. and EC officials settled two key trade disputes. The
agreements call for less EC land to be devoted to oilseed production and for
both sides to seek a world trade pact that will reduce the use of export
subsidies and trade-distorting subsidies to farmers.

Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan said the U.S. will be just as stubborn in
world trade negotiations in seeking access to rice markets in Japan as it was in
its dealings with the European Community.

''This is very important to us,'' Madigan said at a news conference following a
speech in which he lauded exports and free trade as building stones of U.S. farm
prosperity.

Farm output is up 5% this year from 1991, including a record 9.3 billion-bushel
corn crop.

The U.S. announcement came against a backdrop of continuing protests by French
farmers to European farm trade concessions.

About 50,000 demonstrators gathered around a bonfire in Strasbourg's Place de
Bordeaux yesterday to rally for a six-kilometre march in one of the largest ever
pan-European labor demonstrations.

Every EC member state was represented, as were several outside the community,
including Switzerland, Austria and South Korea. Japanese rice farmers, looking
jet-lagged, protested against attempts to open their protected market.

By far the biggest non-French presence was an 8,000-strong delegation of German
farmers, some of whom clashed with police in a failed attempt to storm the
European Parliament.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: French farmers surround a bonfire at the start of a mass rally
protesting the U.S.-EC trade accord. Thousands of farmers from across Europe and
as far away as Japan marched yesterday in Strasbourg, France, the seat of the
European Parliament.

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2014

Preserving farmland may have consequences for taxpayers

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 775  words


OLYMPIA - A, proposed change to a law aimed at preserving farmland and open
space could result in higher taxes for some Washington property owners.

House Bill 2306 would expand a tax classification on land actively used for
agriculture, timber production or undeveloped open space. While property tax is
generally assessed on the market value of a parcel, the state's Open Space
Taxation Act allows land to be taxed at a lower rate based on its current use,
such as farming,

Under the current law, if a farming operation is 20 acres or more, the parcels
'.must be contiguous in order to be eligible for the lower tax classification.

The bill proposes to take out the "contiguous" stipulation, opening up this tax
classification to farms that have multiple parcels totaling 20 acres or more but
aren't necessarily touching each other.

"It's the preservation of farmland ... that is my ultimate goal," Rep. Kristine
Lytton, D-Anacortes, the bill's primary sponsor, said at a Jan. 21 hearing
before the House Finance Committee.

Allen Rozema, executive director of Skagitonians to Preserve Farmland, said the
bill could help preserve farmland and open space that is not currently, eligible
for the lower tax rate.

"This is an innovative and unique approach to keeping agriculture viable in
Washington state," he said. "This approach and similar approaches need to
continue to be pursued by the Legislature. It helps to elevate the preservation
of farming to the same level as our state's other critical resources."

Farming is an essential part of Washington's economy. The Washington Department
of Agriculture valued Washington's agricultural production in 2012 at $9.89
billion, exceeding 2011 figures by 6 percent and setting a new record.

Lytton said the bill is aimed at preserving farms with small, non-contiguous
parcels.

In Washington, the average farm size decreased by about 12.5 percent from 2003
to 2012, but the number of farms has increased by about 7 percent in the same
time period, according to a report from the United States Department of
Agriculture. The number of small farms is still increasing, Rozema said.

It's hard to know how much of a tax shift could result from allowing more
parcels to qualify for the lower tax rate, as there's no. estimate of exactly
how much land could be eligible, Yakima County Assessor Dave Cook said.

Some county assessors are concerned that extending the current-use tax rate to
more land could mean higher tax bills for other property owners.

Each county collects a specific amount of property-tax revenue, with the total
amount spread across all taxable properties.

When some properties are assessed at a lower rate, the other properties in the
taxing district must make up the difference. Depending on how much property is
eligible to be assessed at the lower agricultural rate, the increase in property
taxes paid by others in the district could be significant.

Cook said the legislation could result in a $70 million loss of assessed
property value in Yakima County because more farmland would be assessed at its
current use rather than market value. Property owners with a decrease in
assessed property value will likely pay less in taxes, a difference that would
have to be made up by other taxpayers in the county.

"The tax-shift implications are significant when you go on a statewide basis,"
Cook said.

Before the finance committee voted on a proposed substitute bill Feb. 6, Rep.
Terry Nealey, R-Dayton, suggested the Legislature conduct a study to assess the
impact of such a change and the possible tax shift.

The bill not only addresses the size of farming parcels but also other scenarios
common to farming operations.

In one particular case, for example, a farmer may grow grain to feed livestock
they sell. The land used to grow the feed is not directly generating income if
the grain is not being sold. Therefore, under current state law, that parcel of
land used to grow the feed would not qualify for the tax reduction. This bill
would change that.

The substitute bill, which was adopted by the finance committee Feb. 6 by a vote
of 10 to 3, further clarifies specific language in the original bill. It states
individual parcels that have been combined to qualify for this tax
classification do not have to individually generate income as long as the whole
farming operation does.

The substitute bill further outlines that if a parcel of at least five acres is
leased to a farmer and that farmer has other land that qualifies for the lower
tax rate, the leased land would also be eligible.

An application process would still be required for land to be considered for the
current-use tax classification.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 The Othello Outlook


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Farmers Independent (Bagley, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 4, 2012

The national search for the faces of farming and ranching is on!;
U.S. Farmers & Ranchers Alliance Kicks Off Nationwide Search to Find Top
Ambassadors of Agriculture

BYLINE: Farmers Independent staff

LENGTH: 536  words


LOS ANGELES - When it comes to today's agriculture, there are many examples of
great farmers and ranchers all over the country doing wonderful things to bring
food to the table for those around the world. But few of those farmers and
ranchers are recognizable by consumers, mainstream media and influencers. In
fact, the pictures and perceptions of farmers and ranchers often do not match
reality.

USFRA wants to change that. USFRA announced it is looking for the "Faces of
Farming and Ranching" to help put a real face on agriculture and shine a light
on the heart, personalities and values that are behind today's food.

"USFRA has started a movementtobringmore farmers and ranchers together to answer
people's questions about how their food is grown and raised," said Bob Stallman,
chairman of USFRA and president of the American Farm Bureau Federation. "Many
voices are leading conversations about food - and often leaving the people who
grow and raise our food out. We need to find the best people to be part of these
conversations and represent the real farmers and ranchers of America."

USFRA is looking for standout fanners and! ranchers who are proud of what they
do, eager to share their stories of continuous improvement with others and who
are actively involved today in sharing those stories. Farmers and ranchers who
raise a variety of foods differently, at differing scale and in all areas of the
country are encouraged to apply, as it is important to show American agriculture
and all of its diversity.

Entries will be accepted through Sept. 8, at www.FoodDialogues.com. Ten to 15
finalists will be announced at the November2012FoodDialogues event in New York
City. This national announcement will open a public online voting period where
visitors can vote for their favorite candidates. Those votes will be factored
into the decision to determine "The Faces of Farming and Ranching."

Winners will be announced in early January 2013 based on votes and the
recommendation of a panel of judges.

The public will get to know the USFRA "Faces" winners through national media
interviews, advertising and public appearances. For their time, they will
receive a $10,000 stipend as well as a $5,000 donation to their preferred
agriculture-related or local charity in their name.

"We want America to see the real faces of farming and ranching," said Stallman.
"This is an excellent way for those within agriculture to step up and showcase
to the country what these hard-working farmers and ranchers are really all
about."

Entrants will be required to submit an online application and include a home
video of less than three minutes that describes themselves and their farm or
ranch. More details are available at www.FoodDialogues. com.

U.S. Farmers & Ranchers Alliance (USFRA) is a newly formed alliance consisting
of a wide range of prominent farmer and rancher led organizations and
agricultural partners. This marks the first time agricultural groups at the
national, regional and state levels have collaborated to lead the dialogue and
answer Americans' questions about how we raise our food - while being stewards
of the environment, responsibly caring for our animals and maintaining strong
businesses and communities.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRM

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Farmers Independent


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     October 9, 1992, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Corn futures hit lows ahead of crop report

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 18, Farm Commodities

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Corn futures hit new contract lows on the Chicago Board of Trade yesterday on
concerns that a U.S. Agriculture Department report would show 1992 U.S.
production at its highest level since 1985.

Expectations for an increase in the 1992 U.S. soybean crop also kept those
futures on the defensive throughout the session.

After the close, the department reported U.S. 1992 corn production would total
8.938 billion bushels while U.S. soybean output would be 2.108 billion bushels.

Floor traders' initial reaction was that CBOT corn futures would open unchanged
to US1 cents lower today while soybeans would open US1 cents to US2 cents a
bushel higher.

At yesterday's close, CBOT corn futures ranged US1 1/4 cents to US1 3/4 cents
lower with most-traded December settling at US$2.09, down US1 3/4 cents. CBOT
soybeans ranged US 1/2 cents higher to US 3/4 cents lower. Most-active November
ended at US$5.30, down US 3/4 cents.

CBOT wheat futures finished US1 cents to US3 1/4 cents a bushel lower with
featured December settling at US$3.40, down US3 1/4 cents.

Further delays in a commodity breakdown for US$500 million in U.S. export
credits for Russia weighed on wheat futures with additional selling prompted by
continued speculation that China bought one million tonnes of Canadian wheat
rather than U.S. wheat. The U.S. Agriculture Department's report was considered
neutral to friendly for CBOT wheat futures.

Meanwhile, a pickup in exporter demand and smaller crop prospects helped oilseed
futures at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange post good gains yesterday.

At the close, WCE canola ranged $2.30 to $3 a tonne higher. Most-sought-after
November finished at $297.30, up $3. WCE flaxseed ended $3.10 to $4.50 higher
with most-traded December settling at $264.50, up $3.70.

A pickup in U.S. consumer demand helped live hog and pork belly futures at the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange close higher. CME live hogs closed US25 cents to
US65 cents a hundredweight higher with most-active December up US52 cents at
US$43.72. CME pork bellies ended up to US65 cents higher. Featured February was
up US65 cents at US$39.52.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Monsanto to Make 41.6 Million Investment in Developing System to Help
Agriculture Quantify Greenhouse Gas Reductions

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  The U.S. Department of Agriculture - Natural Resources Conservation Service
(USDA-NRCS) recently awarded the National Corn Growers Association (NCGA) and
its Soil Health Partnership (SHP) a $1 million Conservation Innovation Grant
(CIG) to help farmers better understand and adopt farming practices that help
reduce climate change impacts.





 Monsanto announced today it also intends to make an additional investment of
$1.6 million in this collaborative effort to help provide expertise, tools and
needed resources to further develop a system that will help verify and quantify
greenhouse gas reductions from carbon smart farming practices.



 USDA's CIG program fosters innovation in conservation tools and strategies to
improve things like on-farm energy and fertilizer use as well as market-based
strategies to improve water quality or mitigate climate change.



 "Climate change is a global challenge facing the entire planet and agriculture
has the opportunity to be a huge part of the solution. We're honored to be
partnering with NCGA and the SHP on this grant from USDA-NRCS. Together, we can
bring focus and resources to help identify ways that modern agriculture helps
drive sustainability," said Brett Begemann, Monsanto President and Chief
Operating Officer. "We look forward to continued collaboration with farmers and
forward-thinking industry partners who are leading the way in making greenhouse
gas reduction a reality on the farm."



 Monsanto, in conjunction with the CIG project partners (NCGA, AgSolver, Applied
GeoSolutions, DNDC-ART, Climate Smart Group and CropGrowers) will develop a
framework that draws on existing greenhouse gas modeling science, emerging
verification technologies (satellite data), and proven precision business
planning methods to drive adoption of conservation practices and validate that
farmers are helping achieve greenhouse gas reductions.



 "To significantly scale up greenhouse gas mitigation practices, a sustainable
agriculture systems approach is needed that is simpler and more cost-effective
for the farmer," said Michael Lohuis, Ph.D., Monsanto's Director of Ag
Environmental Strategy. "The system being developed will help remove barriers to
confirming adoption of best practices and to quantify the benefits these
innovative farm practices can have to air, soil and water quality."



 Monsanto is committed to sharing key learnings with farmers around the world to
scale up adoption of carbon neutral agriculture practices. The company is
working closely with farmers on sustainable agriculture systems and has pledged
to make its own operations carbon neutral by 2021.



 As part of that commitment, last month the company released a scientific report
titled, "Charting a Path to Carbon Neutral Agriculture: Mitigation Potential for
Crop Based Strategies," which examines the potential for reducing GHG emissions
through agriculture in the United States. The report shows that adoption of
innovative production practices such as cover crops, conservation tillage,
precision nutrient management and data science could potentially result in the
reduction of more than 100 million metric tons of carbon dioxide-equivalent
emissions in the United States alone.



 For more resources and information on Monsanto's climate change efforts and
collaborations, see the company's 2015 sustainability report, Growing Better
Together.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 6, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Russian Agricultural Official Arriving for U.S. Farm Tour

BYLINE: By BILL KELLER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW, Oct. 5


Viktor P. Nikonov, a rising star in the ruling Soviet Politburo and the man in
charge of Mikhail S. Gorbachev's drive to rejuvenate Soviet agriculture, will
arrive in the United States on Tuesday for a week of farm tours and superpower
diplomacy.

While Mr. Nikonov's visit is primarily a chance to study the American way of
farming, Western diplomats say he is also scheduled to meet President Reagan,
and he is assumed to be taking soundings in Congress and among the public at
large for a Gorbachev trip to the United States later this year.

He is the first Politburo member other than Foreign Minister Eduard A.
Shevardnadze to visit the United States since Mr. Gorbachev assumed power in
March, 1985.

A Rapid Rise

Mr. Nikonov, a barrel-chested, 58-year-old agronomist generally considered a
Gorbachev protege, has risen in the last three months from relative obscurity to
become one of the higher-profile members of the Politburo.

The attention reflects the enormous stake Mr. Gorbachev has placed on farming as
the first testing ground for far-reaching changes planned for the Soviet
economy. It is expected that the next meeting of the Soviet Communist Party's
Centraol Committee will take up agricultural questions.

His American trip, at the invitation of Representative Kika de la Garza,
Democrat of Texas, the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, is to begin
in Washington. Mr. Nikonov is officially the head of a delegation from the
Supreme Soviet, the nominal Soviet legislature. He is scheduled to meet
President Reagan, Secretary of State George P. Shultz, Congressional leaders and
agriculture officials.

The details of the summit meeting are to be worked out later this month when Mr.
Shultz visits Moscow. Since the November 1985 summit meeting, the Soviet Union
has been on the record as saying there should be reciprocal visits to each
nation's capital, starting with Washington. But a year ago, Mr. Gorbachev
proposed a preliminary meeting in Iceland, rather than in Washington, and Mr.
Reagan agreed.

U.S. Stand on Talks

Since then, American officials have said there would not be another summit
conference except in the United States. But the Soviet side publicly has still
not said that Mr. Gorbachev would come to the United States.

Mr. Nikonov's main task is apparently to see what American farming and marketing
methods can be emulated to advance the modest success achieved here in the last
two years.

Stops during his eight-day visit include farms in Iowa, a new supermarket near
Washington, commodities markets in Chicago, an agriculture exhibit at the Epcot
Center in Florida, and the Agriculture Department's research center in
Beltsville, Md.

Mr. Nikonov is regarded by Western analysts not as a leading innovator, but as
an enthusiastic promoter of the Gorbachev program.

When he was promoted to full voting membership in the Politburo at a party
leadership meeting in June, most Western analysts identified him as a Gorbachev
ally, although a few suggest that his real sponsor is the more conservative No.
2 official, Yegor K. Ligachev.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           November 12, 2005 Saturday

Outbreak in Brazil shows utility of ID program

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 773 words


This may be the biggest reason to participate in the voluntary animal
identification program, administered through the Illinois Department of
Agriculture.

Ten new cases of foot-and-mouth disease have been confirmed in cattle in
Brazil's Mato Grosso do Sul state. The outbreak was discovered in early October,
and cases of the disease stand at 21 throughout the country, according to
Brazil's Ministry of Agriculture. The new cases were in Japora, south of
Eldorado and closer to the border with Paraguay. They are within a 25-kilometer
exclusion zone west of the Parana River that was created to prevent spread of
the disease after an outbreak in Eldorado.

Brazil's herd, estimated at 190 million cattle, is the largest commercial herd
in the world, according to Successful Farming's Web site, Agriculture Online.
The South American nation was the world's largest exporter of beef in 2004, with
exports valued at $2.5 billion.

The disease outbreak is in the country's largest beef-producing region, at the
extreme southern tip of Mato Grosso do Sul. The state's estimated 25 million
cattle account for about half of Brazil's beef exports.

As of Nov. 1, about 2,000 head of cattle had been killed in Mato Grosso do Sul
in trying to control the disease. Combined exports of beef, chicken and pork
from the country have dropped about 30 percent since the initial outbreak was
confirmed, according to Agriculture Online.

Brazil's Ministry of Agriculture has said it plans to double its investment in
controlling foot-and-mouth disease, to $24 million. The plan includes
vaccinating the nation's entire cattle herd.

If foot-and-mouth disease were to come to the United States, the animal
identification program would be invaluable in finding and tracking herds.

"It would definitely help," said Cimeron Frost, director of industry programs
with the Illinois Beef Association. "Foot-and-mouth is spread so easily. When
you look at the history of the foot-and-mouth epidemic in England a few years
ago, when they were tracking it, they found that a lot of sheep were spreading
it. The sheep were going through sale barns. Because foot-and-mouth is so easily
transmitted through the air, the sheep, even though they were just together for
a short time, were spreading it."

One of the goals of Illinois' animal ID program will be to track animals within
48 hours.

"We'll be able to track them forward as well as backward very quickly," Frost
said.

For the voluntary program to work, producers need to sign up.

Frost is concerned about the Brazilian outbreaks because travel restrictions
haven't been imposed.

"A lot of people are worried now," Frost said. "When foot-and-mouth spread
rapidly through Europe, we had very heavy restrictions in place. That's because
people can carry it in the respiratory system or on their clothes. Presently, we
don't have the same things in place as we did when the outbreak occurred in
Europe. I hope anyone coming from Brazil is talked to by officials, asking them
what part of Brazil they've visited. But I don't know that's happening. It is
scary."

Foot-and-mouth disease has been diagnosed in 34 countries during the past 18
months. The latest outbreaks have occurred in Great Britain, Northern Ireland,
Argentina and France. The only continents currently free of the disease are
North America, Australia and Antarctica.

Foot-and-mouth disease is caused by a fast-spreading virus, and all
cloven-footed animals are susceptible. Nearly all of the animals in an exposed
herd will become ill, and young animals may die from the disease. Animals
susceptible to the disease include cattle, bison, llamas, domestic and wild
swine, sheep, goats, captive and wild deer and elk.

Foot-and-mouth disease can be transmitted in a variety of ways, the most common
being direct contact with an infected animal.

Once infected, animals become "virus factories," capable of spreading high
numbers of viral particles to other animals and into the environment. Infected
swine, in particular, can release millions of viral particles when they exhale.
The virus can become airborne and can be breathed in by nearby susceptible
animals.

People who have been around infected animals can carry the virus in their nasal
passages for as long as 28 hours. While the disease is not considered to be a
threat to humans, it's possible for a person to spread the virus to susceptible
animals.

The virus also can be carried in raw meat, animal products or milk. An outbreak
in South Africa occurred when waste food containing raw meat scraps was
collected from international ships and fed to swine.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Govt finalises action plan to boost mango exports

LENGTH: 554 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Jan. 26 -- The government has finalised an action plan for boosting
mango production and exports considering its huge potential, officials said.

The main objective of the action plan is to ensure safe mango production, free
from pest attack, proper preservation, packaging, marketing and bringing farmers
under contract farming.

The action plan will have some mechanisms that will help regain confidence in
European buyers, who had curtailed 500 tonnes of mango import from Bangladesh
during the last season due to non-compliance issues.

The country exported about 800 tonnes of mangos mainly to the European markets
in 2015. But the amount fell to 300 tonnes in 2016 for non-compliance issues.

The department of agriculture extension (DAE) will go for contract farming with
farmers in 15 districts during the upcoming mango season.

Last year, the contract farming was done in Satkhira, Natore, Rajshahi, Pabna
and Meherpur districts.

Exports of mango to different countries could be made through contract farming
as an exporter has to make contract with mango growers with the
government-prescribed forms that contain rules. After signing of the forms, the
DAE could assist the farmers in smooth export of mango.

Bangladesh exports vegetables and fruits to different countries including the
European Union (EU) and the United States (US) worth about Tk 10 billion where
mango shares less than five per cent of the total amount, according to the
exporters.

"We have sent an action plan to the ministry of agriculture for mango growers,
traders and exporters. We hope it will come into effect shortly," a high
official of DAE, who is involved in the process of making the action plan, told
the FE.

He said the proposed action plan/guidelines will suggest good practices for
mango production giving priority to health and hygiene. Besides, it will help
mango growers in going for scientific production.

The official of the DAE said the new action plan has been finalised following a
demand of the ministry of commerce (MoC) and stakeholders.

Mangos produced in the country are sweet and of good quality, which has
considerable demand across the world.

Bangladesh is the seventh largest mango-producing country in the world with
around one million tonne of production annually.

The mango traders/ exporters suggested the government make the action plan
simple and less complicated in order to boost vegetables and fruit exports.

They pleaded for easy bank loan for farmers so that they could establish mango
processing plants.

They also suggested fixing mango harvesting time-frame and setting up mango
preservation plants in some selected areas.

"The action plan should be simple and business friendly so that export of mango
could be increased," SM Jahangir Hossain, director of the Federation of
Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FBCCI), told the FE.

DCCI President Abul Kasem Khan suggested the adoption of safe mango harvesting
and mango marketing practices.

He said the DCCI will form a research and development platform soon to conduct
research on the potential sectors of the country.

talhabinhabib@yahoo.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            December 2, 1988 Friday

Chemicals 'vital' to world food stocks

BYLINE: JIM MCCARTER

LENGTH: 255 words


The chemicals revolution in agriculture had generated a lot of consumer
misconceptions about the use of chemicals on food crops, agro-chemicals expert
Dr Earl Spurrier said in Adelaide yesterday.

Washington-based Dr Spurrier, vice-president for State affairs of the National
Agricultural Chemicals Association in the United States, was the keynote speaker
at a national workshop on herbicide use in vegetable crops held this week by the
Department of Agriculture.

"People see that some food grains like wheat are in world surplus and so they
ask 'why do we need all these chemicals to increase food production'," he said.

But the fact was that food production could not be maintained without chemicals.

"There is a strong movement in the US to go back to sustainable organic farming
," Dr Spurrier said.

"That sort of farming was okay 40 or 50 years ago. Then, the world's population
was two to three billion. Right now it's about five billion people.

"By the year 2000 it will be six billion, rising to an estimated eight billion
by 2020.

"Where is the food for these people going to come from? We can't go back to the
old ways and reduce food production by half when we are seeing our population
doubling.

"And right now, where are the people who will pull up all the weeds? Weeding by
hand and hoe can cost $1500 a hectare in a crop like onions, compared to $100 to
$125 a hectare using a herbicide."

Dr Spurrier said most proponents of organic farming had never grown food
themselves.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: dr earl spurrier; Dr Spurrier in Adelaide yesterday.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



             The Morgan Messenger (Berkely Springs, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 26, 2015

Veterans and Warriors to Agriculture program growing in West Virginia

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 427  words


A message from West Virginia Department of Veterans assistance secretary Rick
Thompson During his State of the State address this January, Governor Tomblin
highlighted the West Virginia's Veterans and Warriors to Agriculture program.
This partnership between the West Virginia Department of Agriculture and the
West Virginia Department of Veterans Assistance (WVDVA) is giving service men
and women the training opportunities they need to succeed when they return home
from serving our country. Specifically designed to assist veterans interested in
farming, the program offers a number of training and support opportunities as
well as resources to connect these "veterans and their products with local
retailers.

Currently, participants receive mentorship with their farming endeavors as well
as assistance with applying for state and federal grants. They are given access
to a variety of publications that offer advice and guidance on everything from
home vegetable gardens to orchards and herbal farming. Even individuals who do
not own their own land can participate, as the program makes state-owned
properties available for lease at reduced rates. "Classes are offered in farming
berries, fruit trees, vegetables and herbs, as well as in bee-keeping.

The bee-keeping classes have been especially popular and the benefits of
increasing West Virginia's honeybee population reach beyond the veteran farmers
themselves. Bees play an essential role in pollinating and fertilizing numerous
crops, so their presence can help other parts of a farm to thrive. Consuming
locally harvested honey is thought to have medicinal value as well and, of
course, consumers have the satisfaction of knowing their honey purchase supports
a West Virginia producer.

We are excited about this program because it is helping our veterans supplement
their income through small business ownership and it's growing the agri-business
industry in West Virginia. Veterans also are. finding therapeutic value in
working the land and being part of a community of veteran farmers, and we are
equally excited about this benefit of the program.

Veterans and Warriors to Agriculture is a shining example of what we can
accomplish by working across agency lines to benefit those who have served our
country. My hope is that the program's success will inspire other government
bodies, businesses and organizations to consider ways they can give back to our
veteran community.

Those who are interested in learning more about Warriors to Agriculture should
go to www.wvagriculture.org or call 1-800-WV4-VETS.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2015


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lake Region Times (Madison Lake, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 13, 2010

USDA Forecasts Record-High Soybean Crop

BYLINE: Lake Region Times staff

LENGTH: 238  words


On the heels of a warm growing season, U.S. soybean production is forecast at a
record-high level, according to the Crop Production report, released on October
8th, by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics
Service (NASS).

Soybean production remains on target for a record-high year and is forecast at
3.41 billion bushels, up 1 percent from the previous record, set in 2009.
Soybean yield is expected to average 44.4 bushels per acre, up 0.4 bushels from
2009. If realized this will be the highest yield on record. Soybean growers are
expected to harvest a record-high 76.8 million acres, down 1 percent from the
September estimate, but up 0.6 percent from last year's acreage.

Corn production is forecast at 12.7 billion bushels, down 3.4 percent from last
year's record. Based on Oct. 1 conditions, corn yield is expected to average
155.8 bushels per acre, down 8.9 bushels from 2009. If realized, this will be
the third highest yield on record. Growers are expected to harvest 81.3 million
acres, up 0.3 percent from the September forecast.

According to the USDA, NASS, Minnesota Field Office, Corn silage harvest was
nearly complete at 97 percent, compared to 78 percent last year and 90 percent
average. Dry beans were 85 percent harvested, potatoes were 76 percent
harvested, sunflowers were 22 percent harvested, and sugarbeets were 34 percent
harvested, all ahead of their respective averages.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LKR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 Lake Region Times


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Lawmakers Push Feds to Clarify Conflicting Rules on Growing and
Selling Hemp

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Rand Paul has issued the following news
release:



 After new guidance created widespread confusion about when and where farmers
can grow, research, and sell industrial hemp in the United States, U.S. Senators
Rand Paul, R-Ky., Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Representatives Earl Blumenauer,
D-Ore., Jared Polis, D-Colo., Thomas Massie, R-Ky., and 14 other members of
Congress today pushed three federal agencies to clarify parts of the guidance
that conflict with current laws.





 In August, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), along with the Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
issued a "statement of principles" to inform the public about industrial hemp
grown in the United States. However, the announcement has created confusion for
state agriculture departments and universities working to establish pilot
programs to study the cultivation and potential commercial uses for industrial
hemp.



 In addition to establishing a new definition of industrial hemp, the guidance
could also have a limiting effect on sales and transportation of products made
from hemp in states conducting pilot projects across the country. Currently,
federal law prohibits American farmers from growing industrial hemp for
commercial profit, but retail sales of products made with hemp are legal, and
make up a $570 million industry annually.



 The 2014 Farm Bill allowed state agriculture departments and universities to
conduct industrial hemp research pilot programs in states that have authorized
the growing and production of industrial hemp, including Kentucky, Oregon,
Colorado, and twenty five other states.



 "We are writing to comment on the recent progress the Administration has made
with regards to industrial hemp and to urge further action to ensure that this
important industry can thrive," the members wrote in a letter to the USDA, DEA,
and FDA.



 "Industrial hemp research and farming have opened doors for students, farmers,
and small businesses in our states. At our universities, students and
researchers are experiencing new learning opportunities, such as researching
hemp for fuel, food, and clothing."



 Paul, Wyden, and Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., introduced the Industrial Hemp
Farming Act last year to lift the federal ban on domestic farming of industrial
hemp. The bill would remove hemp from the Schedule I controlled substance list
under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, and would define it as a non-drug
so long as it contains less than 0.3 percent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). The
bill now has 14 other bipartisan co-sponsors. Massie introduced the House
version of the Industrial Hemp Farming Act, which now has 74 cosponsors,
including Blumenauer and Polis.



 The letter was signed by Sens. Paul, Wyden, Merkley, Steve Daines, R-Mont., and
Representatives Massie, Blumenauer, Polis, Suzanne Bonamici, D-Ore., Kevin
Cramer, R-N.D., Peter DeFazio, D-Ore., Suzan DelBene, D-Wash., Barbara Lee,
D-Calif., Eleanor Homes Norton, D-D.C., Mark Pocan, D-Wis., Dana Rohrabacher,
R-Calif., Kurt Schrader, D-Ore., John Yarmuth, D-Ky., Ryan Zinke, R-Mont., and
Sam Farr, D-Calif.



 Industrial hemp is used throughout the world in thousands of products,
including paper, fabrics, lotions, canvas, rope, and construction material.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Lawmakers Push Feds to Clarify Conflicting Rules on Growing and
Selling Hemp

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Rand Paul has issued the following news
release:



 After new guidance created widespread confusion about when and where farmers
can grow, research, and sell industrial hemp in the United States, U.S. Senators
Rand Paul, R-Ky., Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Representatives Earl Blumenauer,
D-Ore., Jared Polis, D-Colo., Thomas Massie, R-Ky., and 14 other members of
Congress today pushed three federal agencies to clarify parts of the guidance
that conflict with current laws.





 In August, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), along with the Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
issued a "statement of principles" to inform the public about industrial hemp
grown in the United States. However, the announcement has created confusion for
state agriculture departments and universities working to establish pilot
programs to study the cultivation and potential commercial uses for industrial
hemp.



 In addition to establishing a new definition of industrial hemp, the guidance
could also have a limiting effect on sales and transportation of products made
from hemp in states conducting pilot projects across the country. Currently,
federal law prohibits American farmers from growing industrial hemp for
commercial profit, but retail sales of products made with hemp are legal, and
make up a $570 million industry annually.



 The 2014 Farm Bill allowed state agriculture departments and universities to
conduct industrial hemp research pilot programs in states that have authorized
the growing and production of industrial hemp, including Kentucky, Oregon,
Colorado, and twenty five other states.



 "We are writing to comment on the recent progress the Administration has made
with regards to industrial hemp and to urge further action to ensure that this
important industry can thrive," the members wrote in a letter to the USDA, DEA,
and FDA.



 "Industrial hemp research and farming have opened doors for students, farmers,
and small businesses in our states. At our universities, students and
researchers are experiencing new learning opportunities, such as researching
hemp for fuel, food, and clothing."



 Paul, Wyden, and Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., introduced the Industrial Hemp
Farming Act last year to lift the federal ban on domestic farming of industrial
hemp. The bill would remove hemp from the Schedule I controlled substance list
under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, and would define it as a non-drug
so long as it contains less than 0.3 percent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). The
bill now has 14 other bipartisan co-sponsors. Massie introduced the House
version of the Industrial Hemp Farming Act, which now has 74 cosponsors,
including Blumenauer and Polis.



 The letter was signed by Sens. Paul, Wyden, Merkley, Steve Daines, R-Mont., and
Representatives Massie, Blumenauer, Polis, Suzanne Bonamici, D-Ore., Kevin
Cramer, R-N.D., Peter DeFazio, D-Ore., Suzan DelBene, D-Wash., Barbara Lee,
D-Calif., Eleanor Homes Norton, D-D.C., Mark Pocan, D-Wis., Dana Rohrabacher,
R-Calif., Kurt Schrader, D-Ore., John Yarmuth, D-Ky., Ryan Zinke, R-Mont., and
Sam Farr, D-Calif.



 Industrial hemp is used throughout the world in thousands of products,
including paper, fabrics, lotions, canvas, rope, and construction material.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Dayton Review (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 17, 2010

Nations largest organic farming conference continues to grow

BYLINE: Dayton Review staff

LENGTH: 225  words


The nation's largest organic farming conference, hosted by the Midwest Organic
and Sustainable Education Service (MOSES) had approximately 2,700 organic
farmers and agriculture professionals attend this year's Organic Farming
Conference (OFC) from all over the United States, as well as Armenia, Thailand,
Austria, Canada, South Korea and Germany.

Held in La Crosse, Wis., Feb. 25-27, the OFC featured a record 65 organic
farming workshops and 150 exhibitors. "We're pleased this conference continues
to grow in size and scope of subjects addressed," said MOSES Executive Director
Faye Jones.

Some additional highlights from the conference include:

MOSES Farmer of the Year Award Presented Thursday night to John, Jane and Janaki
Fisher-Merritt, who own and coperate Food Farm, an organic vegetable farm near
Wirenshall, MN.

Updated USDA Organic Pasture Rules were released February 17, so understanding
the rules and how they affect new and veteran organic farmers was a popular
discussion topic throughout the conference. Jim Riddle explained some of the
main changes at the press conference on Friday afternoon.

Keynote presenters on Friday and Saturday at the general session were Chuck
Hassebrook, Executive Director of the Center of Rural Affairs and Dr. Margaret
Mellon director of the Food and Environment Program at the Union of Concerned
Scientists.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Natural Resources

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DYR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Dayton Review


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                February 9, 1999

Mark of distinction for home-produced pork

SECTION: Farming, Pg.14

LENGTH: 554 words


SCOTTISH Agriculture Minister Lord Sewel took the covers off a GBP 2.5million
initiative to give British pig farmers a much-needed boost yesterday.

The minister launched the new Scottish Pig Mark at Central Scotland butchers J
Patrick and Sons, Camelon.

The logo, part of the new British Quality Standard Mark for pigmeat from the
Meat and Livestock Commission, is seen as being highly important in stressing
the welfare and husbandry qualities of the pigs reared in the Scottish industry
- and in encouraging consumers to buy more home-produced pork, ham and bacon.

But while the MLC promotional gurus are looking for increased sales of
home-produced pork, the commission's economists are warning that pork imports
will increase this year and that UK pigmeat exports will fall.

World pig prices have collapsed in recent months because of global oversupply,
the strong pound and cheap imports from nations, including many in Europe, that
do not have the same high welfare standards as those imposed on the UK industry.

Lord Sewel said the mark provided a clear identity for home-produced pigmeat. He
said: "Consumers can be confident that pork with this mark is traceable, of the
highest quality, and comes from farm -assured stock reared to high welfare
standards."

"It is clearly identified as quality farm-assured and reared to the highest
welfare standards in Europe. What we have seen in the industry is a response to
welfare standards which are now dependent on consumer backing. It is time that
the consumers who demanded all these standards back the industry."

Oversupply

Responding to questions on aid schemes to pig farmers in the US and Canada, the
minister made it clear that he was stridently opposed to any similar initiatives
by fellow European nations.

He added: "Basically the reason for the problems in the pig sector lie with a
major global oversupply. Therefore we have to make sure that we supply the
market with the best pigs. The UK most definitely does that."

Sow numbers have fallen by an estimated 11% in the UK, but it is believed the
decrease may be more marked in Scotland, with sows falling back from 75,000 to
about 55,000.

David Whiteford, the chairman of the Scottish Pig Industry Initiative, added the
launch endorsed everything the pig industry had been saying in recent months on
the quality of British pigmeat. He called on a better synergy across the
industry.

Mr Whiteford said: "There are opportunities for further price increases on the
back of our very high quality. We must grasp the mettle and persuade the
processing and catering sectors that there is a huge gap in the industry.

"We must stop them filling this with imported pig meat. It's all about making
better use of the entire pig. Everyone wants the loins, but there is a gap in
the middle. We have to tell them that the rest of our pigs are totally assured."

Mr Patrick said his customers were increasingly concerned about where their meat
came from.

Alistair Donaldson, the MLC's Scottish general manager, said:" Given the current
crisis facing the industry, these initiatives have major significance. We now
have a mark which properly differentiates the Scottish product and the
opportunity to quickly bring it to the consumers attention."

nLord Sewel, left, with butcher Robert Patrick yesterday

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 17, 1989 Friday

WORTH REPEATING

BYLINE: JOHN RAYMOND; GAM

LENGTH: 823 words


BY  JOHN RAYMOND
    Grain farming is fundamentally important to the Canadian economy (and)
Canadian society as a whole should share in its risks. But farmers
themselves should be responsible for handling those risks. Our goal must
be to put the farmer back in control of farming.
   - Judith Maxwell
                          Sharing the risks
Economic Council of Canada president Judith Maxwell , addressing the
Canadian Agricultural Outlook Conference in Ottawa:
   In constant dollars, the long-term trend in wheat prices has been
downward since 1926. (While) the Economic Council recognizes that, sooner
or later, there is likely to be an upswing in prices, we see no
developments on the international scene that would turn the improvement
into a long-term trend.

Canada has an advantage in grain production, but we face volatile
markets and falling prices, in real terms, over the long term. How do we
manage these risks? How do we ensure that Canadian farmers earn an
adequate return?

In considering these questions, the council has noted the traumatic
impact of the stresses of recent years. We are witnessing a social crisis
on the Prairies and also an individual crisis for many farmers.

One negative legacy of these years is a major burden of farm debt.
Another is a retreat from sound financing principles in our major
stabilization programs. In moving to control the crisis, we undermined the
incentives which are the roots of good farm management. At the same time,
we have provided implicit guarantees of future bailouts. None of this
provides the basis for a constructive or predictable agricultural policy.
. .

The Economic Council's view is that the government has two ways to go
in dealing with this situation. The first is to repair the existing safety
net of stabilization programs. If the United States, Europe and Japan do
not make progress toward freer trade, this is what we would recommend.

Option two puts forward a completely new approach (and depends on)
progress toward trade liberalization over the next few years. In this
proposal, governments and farmers would share the risks over the ups and
downs of price cycles. This would be done through programs that would
stabilize incomes. Farm income insurance would replace crop insurance, and
farmers would be encouraged to set up self-managed income stabilization
accounts in good times (with) their deposits being matched by governments,
up to a certain limit.

The net result would be an agricultural safety net based on . . .
insurance, not welfare. And, over time, it would be self-financing, except
in the most disastrous years.

Speaking of farming

The once-lowly potato has come a long way. According to Agriculture  Canada,
customers who are 'looking for something more' can now buy  potatoes that come
in a veritable kaleidoscope of colors - white, yellow,  red and purple.

The designer spuds, which bear names like Yukon Gold, Purple Chief and
Red Pontiac, are aimed at making gourmets take a second look at a
vegetable that has traditionally been considered dull.

Dull! How could anyone fail to be excited by the Caribe - that's Cah-
REE-Bay - described as coming with purple skin and white flesh?

Agriculture Canada says there will never be 'the perfect potato,' but
there are still lots of ways we can breed improvements.

Anyone for polka dots?

This time get it right

From Nuala Beck & Associates:     There is a growing body of opinion that the
United States has pursued  the wrong restructuring strategy. While its trading
partners in Asia and  Europe opted for technological restructuring, North
America made the bad  choice of opting for financial restructuring. The reason
why this was such  an enormous strategic misdirection is that it has largely
capitalized on  existing value, which is not the same as creating value.

This critical difference is essential to grasp, insofar as North
America's approach to restructuring is about to be radically redefined and
replaced by a definition of adding value that focuses to an almost
frightening extent on technological restructuring. The simple production
differences that exist between most North American firms and everybody
else suggests that it will become increasingly difficult to maintain this
divergent strategy path.

Consider just a few of the following differences, which are correctable
via technological restructuring but which no amount of financial
restructuring can remedy:
 . The average time from order to shipment in North America is five to six
months. In Japan it is one to two months.
 . Quality defects average 8 to 10 per cent in North America, compared
with less than 1 per cent in Japan.
 . North America's annual investment per worker is only $2,600 (U.S.),
while in Japan it exceeds $6,500 per worker.

What these simple statistics suggest is that North America has an
expensive game of catch-up ahead.

What causes concern is the ability of numerous corporations to support
incremental investment on their debt-burdened balance sheets.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           November 6, 2003 Thursday

County farmer named state agriculture chief;
A.G. Kawamura is chosen by Gov.-elect Schwarzenegger to run low-profile but
powerful department.

BYLINE: By JOHN GITTELSOHN , The Orange County Register

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 586 words


Gov.-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger named a third-generation strawberry farmer from
Newport Beach as his secretary of food and agriculture on Wednesday.

A.G. Kawamura, a 47-year-old Republican, will head a department that usually
makes few headlines while overseeing one of the state's largest industries.

Kawamura's family business, Orange County Produce, cultivates about 500 acres of
beans and strawberries in Irvine and assists distribution for farmers in San
Bernardino and San Diego counties, and Mexico.

``I like the honesty of it,'' Kawamura said of farming. ``I like working with a
product you don't have to apologize for.''

While the soft-spoken, ponytailed UC Berkeley graduate espouses the virtues of
small farming, he also has represented the interests of agribusiness as former
president and current board member of the Western Growers Association.

``Most agriculture in California is family business,'' Kawamura said. ``Some of
it's very big, but it's not traded on the New York Stock Exchange.''

The Irvine-headquartered industry group has lobbied against raising the minimum
wage and mandatory arbitration for farmworkers.

It has also worked with the United Farm Workers on federal laws that would allow
undocumented immigrants to legalize their status in the United States.

With 88,000 farms and ranches, California agriculture is a nearly $28 billion-
a-year industry that generates $100 billion in related economic activity.

The Food and Agriculture Department oversees food safety, animal health, food
labeling and quality standards, marketing, county fairs and expositions, and the
control of pests such as the Mediterranean fruit fly.

Like other state agencies, the department faces budget cuts. One example: plans
call for the closure by January at least 11 of the 16 inspection stations near
border entry points.

As president of Western Growers in the mid-1990s, Kawamura launched a program to
plant gardens at schools, called ``Growing with Children,'' which aims to teach
kids about food production and nutrition.

``We want to put people in touch with fundamentals,'' he said Wednesday. ``I'm
very interested in seeing California agriculture have a new renaissance.''

That renaissance means educating the public about the value of farming -- the
need for water, land and locally-grown food -- which is losing ground to urban
sprawl, increasing regulation and rising costs, Kawamura said. ``As an urban
agriculturist, the pressures to continue business are very tough,'' he said.
``Maybe as a result of that, I've tried to be involved in the industry and where
it's going.''

Like other Japanese-Americans in California, Kawamura's grandparents and parents
spent much of World War II in internment camps. The family history gave Kawamura
sympathy for the struggles of migrant farmworkers and also helped him relate to
Schwarzenegger, an immigrant from Austria.

``They're an example of how you can be from an immigrant family and, with hard
work and discipline, move mountains,'' Kawamura said.

He began working on the family farm as a boy growing up in Newport Beach, where
he graduated from Newport Harbor High School.

``He always had a green thumb,'' said his brother, Matt Kawamura, 43, who will
assume control of the family business while A.G., which stands for Arthur Gen,
moves to Sacramento with his wife, Dianne.

Not all of Kawamura's enterprises went well. His father gave him a beekeeping
business that he sold after a couple years.

``I had enough stings,'' he said.

(714) 796-7969

or jgittels@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Honest work: A.G. Kawamura, whose family business cultivates about 500
acres, hopes for an agricultural renaissance.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 Orange County Register


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 18, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

SENATE DEFEATS MOVE TO END SUGAR SUBSIDIES

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 17


The old coalition of farm state senators regrouped today as the Senate rejected
a consumer-backed amendment that would have prohibited price supports for sugar.

After that vote, the Senate defeated by a vote of 53 to 42 an amendment to
eliminate Federal support for tobacco fa rmers as it continued work on the
Agriculture Committee's comprehensive four-yearfarm bill.

The bill includes a proposal that would have the effect of guaranteeing American
farmers at least 18 cents a pound for their sugar. The current free market price
for sugar is about 15 cents a pound.

Later tonight, the Senate also turned back, by a vote of 54 to 40, an attempt by
Senator Gordon J. Humphrey, Republican of New Hampshire, to lower the loan
guarantee rate to 16.5 cents a pound.

In the aftermath of votes earlier this week to trim both the dairy and peanut
price-support programs, the farm coalition was reestablished today after
Agriculture Committee leaders repeatedly warned farm state senators that further
disunity could endanger chances of passing any farm legislation this fall that
President Reagan would accept.

Senator Dan Quayle, Republican of Indiana, whose amendment to kill the sugar
price-support program was defeated by a vote of 61 to 33, said later that
committee leaders had spent ''some anxious hours'' pleading with farm state
senators to join in killing his measure.

Impact on Coalition Seen

Mr. Quayle said that many of those who were persuaded to change their minds on
his amendment were ''still shaken'' by what happened on milk and peanut support
plans.

When farm state senators split among themselves and began voting against one
another's favorite commodity protection proposals, the Reagan Administration
pushed through a milk program amendment that lowered price support levels to 70
percent of parity with no annual adjustments for inflation, a measure the
powerful dairy lobby had fought bitterly.

Then, yesterday, the peanut program pushed by Senator Jesse C.  Helms, the North
Carolina Republican who heads the Agriculture Committee, barely escaped defeat,
and a substitute measure that the committee did not want was approved.

Senator J. James Exon, Democrat of Nebraska, said today in debate on the sugar
loan amendment that the farm coalition crumbled Monday after the Administration
forced the Agriculture Committee to reduce many of the support loan levels and
subsidy rates on grains and milk that the committee had wanted.

''That original committee bill was only about $1 billion over what the
Administration now says it will accept,'' Senator Exon said.  ''We could have
gotten that money within the budget from someplace else, like defense. But the
Administration divided us. If we do not come together to defeat this sugar
amendment, it will be the final nail in the farm bill's coffin.''

Tobacco Subsidy Amendment

Senator Mark O. Hatfield, Republican of Oregon, introduced the amendment on
tobacco subsidies, saying that since 1938 the Government has been participating
in the tobacco program while spending millions on health programs to combat the
adverse effects of smoking.

This was the first year that Congress has had to enact legislation with costs
within the limits of its budget resolution. This, plus the threat by President
Reagan to veto any bills coming in over these limits, has been a decisive factor
in defeating the once-invincible dairy and peanut lobbies.

There has been no sugar price-support program since 1978.  The Administration
originally opposed resuming the sugar supports, preferring to protect the
domestic price through tariffs on imported sugar, which makes up about half of
this country's annual consumption. But in exchange for votes of sugar state
Democrats, Mr. Reagan agreed to withdraw this opposition.

Defeat of the Quayle amendment cleared the way for passage of a section in the
committee bill that will re-establish sugar loans.  This will enable American
sugar producers to borrow from the Treasury at 18 cents a pound for sugar that
they do not choose to sell on the open market.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Lawmakers Push Feds to Clarify Conflicting Rules on Growing and
Selling Hemp

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Ron Wyden has issued the following news
release:



 After new guidance created widespread confusion about when and where farmers
can grow, research and sell industrial hemp in the United States, U.S. Senators
Ron Wyden, D-Ore., Rand Paul, R-Ky., and Representatives Earl Blumenauer,
D-Ore., Jared Polis, D-Colo., Thomas Massie, R-Ky., and 14 other members of
Congress today pushed three federal agencies to clarify parts of the guidance
that conflict with current laws.





 In August, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), along with the Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
issued a "statement of principles" to inform the public about industrial hemp
grown in the United States. However, the announcement has created confusion for
state agriculture departments and universities working to establish pilot
programs to study the cultivation and potential commercial uses for industrial
hemp.



 In addition to establishing a new definition of industrial hemp, the guidance
could also have a limiting effect on sales and transportation of products made
from hemp in states conducting pilot projects across the country. Currently,
federal law prohibits American farmers from growing industrial hemp for
commercial profit, but retail sales of products made with hemp are legal, and
make up a $570 million industry annually.



 The 2014 Farm Bill allowed state agriculture departments and universities to
conduct industrial hemp research pilot programs in states that have authorized
the growing and production of industrial hemp, including Oregon, Kentucky,
Colorado, and twenty five other states.



 "We are writing to comment on the recent progress the Administration has made
with regards to industrial hemp and to urge further action to ensure that this
important industry can thrive," the members wrote in a letter to the USDA, DEA
and FDA.



 "Industrial hemp research and farming have opened doors for students, farmers,
and small businesses in our states. At our universities, students and
researchers are experiencing new learning opportunities, such as researching
hemp for fuel, food, and clothing."



 Wyden, Paul, and Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., introduced the Industrial Hemp
Farming Act last year to lift the federal ban on domestic farming of industrial
hemp. The bill would remove hemp from the Schedule I controlled substance list
under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, and would define it as a non-drug
so long as it contains less than 0.3 percent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). The
bill now has 14 other bipartisan co-sponsors. Massie introduced the House
version of the Industrial Hemp Farming Act, which now has 74 cosponsors,
including Blumenauer and Polis.



 The letter was signed by Sens. Wyden, Paul, Merkley, Steve Daines, R-Mont., and
Representatives Massie, Blumenauer, Polis, Suzanne Bonamici, D-Ore., Kevin
Cramer, R-N.D., Peter DeFazio, D-Ore., Suzan DelBene, D-Wash., Barbara Lee,
D-Calif., Eleanor Homes Norton, D-D.C., Mark Pocan, D-Wis., Dana Rohrabacher,
R-Calif., Kurt Schrader, D-Ore., John Yarmuth, D-Ky., Ryan Zinke, R-Mont., and
Sam Farr, D-Calif.



 Industrial hemp is used throughout the world in thousands of products,
including paper, fabrics, lotions, canvas, rope, and construction material.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Lawmakers Push Feds to Clarify Conflicting Rules on Growing and
Selling Hemp

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Ron Wyden has issued the following news
release:



 After new guidance created widespread confusion about when and where farmers
can grow, research and sell industrial hemp in the United States, U.S. Senators
Ron Wyden, D-Ore., Rand Paul, R-Ky., and Representatives Earl Blumenauer,
D-Ore., Jared Polis, D-Colo., Thomas Massie, R-Ky., and 14 other members of
Congress today pushed three federal agencies to clarify parts of the guidance
that conflict with current laws.





 In August, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), along with the Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
issued a "statement of principles" to inform the public about industrial hemp
grown in the United States. However, the announcement has created confusion for
state agriculture departments and universities working to establish pilot
programs to study the cultivation and potential commercial uses for industrial
hemp.



 In addition to establishing a new definition of industrial hemp, the guidance
could also have a limiting effect on sales and transportation of products made
from hemp in states conducting pilot projects across the country. Currently,
federal law prohibits American farmers from growing industrial hemp for
commercial profit, but retail sales of products made with hemp are legal, and
make up a $570 million industry annually.



 The 2014 Farm Bill allowed state agriculture departments and universities to
conduct industrial hemp research pilot programs in states that have authorized
the growing and production of industrial hemp, including Oregon, Kentucky,
Colorado, and twenty five other states.



 "We are writing to comment on the recent progress the Administration has made
with regards to industrial hemp and to urge further action to ensure that this
important industry can thrive," the members wrote in a letter to the USDA, DEA
and FDA.



 "Industrial hemp research and farming have opened doors for students, farmers,
and small businesses in our states. At our universities, students and
researchers are experiencing new learning opportunities, such as researching
hemp for fuel, food, and clothing."



 Wyden, Paul, and Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., introduced the Industrial Hemp
Farming Act last year to lift the federal ban on domestic farming of industrial
hemp. The bill would remove hemp from the Schedule I controlled substance list
under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, and would define it as a non-drug
so long as it contains less than 0.3 percent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). The
bill now has 14 other bipartisan co-sponsors. Massie introduced the House
version of the Industrial Hemp Farming Act, which now has 74 cosponsors,
including Blumenauer and Polis.



 The letter was signed by Sens. Wyden, Paul, Merkley, Steve Daines, R-Mont., and
Representatives Massie, Blumenauer, Polis, Suzanne Bonamici, D-Ore., Kevin
Cramer, R-N.D., Peter DeFazio, D-Ore., Suzan DelBene, D-Wash., Barbara Lee,
D-Calif., Eleanor Homes Norton, D-D.C., Mark Pocan, D-Wis., Dana Rohrabacher,
R-Calif., Kurt Schrader, D-Ore., John Yarmuth, D-Ky., Ryan Zinke, R-Mont., and
Sam Farr, D-Calif.



 Industrial hemp is used throughout the world in thousands of products,
including paper, fabrics, lotions, canvas, rope, and construction material.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Canadian beef farmers fight U.S. meat label rules

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 381 words


CALGARY, Alberta (AP) - An organization that represents Canadian beef farmers
said it is seeking an in-junction while a court in the U.S. hears its case
against country-of-origin meat labeling.

The Canadian Cattlemen's Association said it is part of a coalition that has
asked the U.S. District Court in Washington to delay the policy to be
implemented in November.

The policy would require labels on meat products sold in the United States to
contain detailed information about where the products come from.

The lawsuit claims that the rule would violate the U.S. Agriculture Marketing
Act and is arbitrary.

The coalition that filed the injunction argues the policy would cause
irreparable harm to the U.S. meat and livestock industry by increasing costs and
making it more difficult for U.S. companies to buy Canadian products.

Plaintiffs in the lawsuit also include the American Association of Meat
Processors, American Meat Institute, Canadian Pork Council, National Cattlemen's
Beef Association, National Pork Producers Council, North American Meat
Association and Southwest Meat Association.

In 2009, the U.S. issued the requirement that retail outlets put country of
origin labels on meat and other products in an effort to give U.S. consumers
more information about their food.

A World Trade Organization ruling on meat labeling found the U.S. system
discriminates against foreign livestock.

The U.S. announced earlier this year that it wants to require even more detail
on the origins of beef, pork and chicken sold in grocery stores.

Labels would include such information as "born, raised and slaughtered in the
United States." Cuts of meat from other countries could carry labels such as
"born in Canada, raised and slaughtered in the United States."

The Canadian Pork Council estimates the existing labeling rule has already cost
Canada about $97 million (CA$1 billion) annually in beef and pork exports.

Last month, the Canadian government released a list of potential U.S.
agricultural products to which Canada could apply retaliatory tariffs. They
include cattle, pigs, beef, pork, some fruits and vegetables and chocolate.

Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said that while Canadians could see higher
prices as a result, the U.S. will lose jobs and significant revenue from the
tariffs.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                 May 2, 1991, Thursday, DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION

Grain farmers blast U.S. over trade deal

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 504 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


The U.S. has been violating a key agricultural provision in the free trade
agreement and Canada shouldn't open its borders to American grain until it
stops, the three Prairie wheat pools charged yesterday.

''Canada must not put its agriculture industry in jeopardy in order to live up
to the Canada-U.S. trade agreement when the U.S. is openly violating the same
agreement,'' says Leroy Larsen, acting chairman of Prairie Pools Inc.

The agreement says Canada must open its border to U.S. wheat and barley when the
subsidy levels for grain in both countries become equal.

Many in the grain trade think that has already happened under the subsidy
calculation formula in the agreement. Officials say preliminary figures have
been done by both countries and now are being studied.

They are expected to be announced this month.

Finance Minister Don Mazankowski said last month, when he was still agriculture
minister, that he wasn't happy about opening the border if the subsidies were
even because of a statistical fluke.

The figures for 1988 and 1989 are expected to be close because of a drought in
Canada which reduced the size of the crop and made Canadian subsidy levels
appear high.

Mazankowski said Canada has been forced into higher subsidies because of the
grain subsidies the U.S. has made available under its export enhancement
program.

He said Canadian officials will be closely scrutinizing the subsidy
calculations.

U.S. officials were not immediately available for comment.

Once the border is opened, Canada will only be able to require end-use
certificates to control where U.S. grain is shipped in Canada. The certificates
show where the grain is headed.

The pools said the U.S. has violated the agreement by targeting traditional
Canadian export markets with its subsidy program.

Larsen said that Ottawa should consider the U.S. export program in the subsidy
calculation.

The government should also get assurances from Washington that when the border
is opened, the U.S. won't use subsidies on any grain shipped to Canada.

Larsen said farmers need the government's backing in this dispute.

''The Prairie grain and oilseed industry is in the midst of a very serious
financial crisis, one that was caused by the unfair trading practices of other
countries.

''We have been told that the Canadian government does not have the financial
resources to compensate our producers fully for the effects of these trading
practices.

''Therefore the government must take action at the root of the problem - in
trade. It's time for our government to take a strong position against unfair
trading actions and that includes the U.S. violations of the (trade
agreement).''

Mazankowski sent several protests about grain subsidies to Washington. But the
government has refused to challenge the U.S. under a section of the agreement
that requires each country to take into account the interests of the other in
the use of export subsidies on overseas sales.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Agriculture in Brief: 04/16/2016

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


April 15--Producer grant workshop

TRAVERSE CITY -- The United States Department of Agriculture will partner with
the Northwest Michigan Small Business Development Center and the Michigan State
University Product Center to offer a workshop on its Value Added Producer Grant
program. The program helps agricultural producers enter into activities that
would generate new products, create and expand marketing opportunities and
increase producer income.

The workshop will help producers learn if the grant program is the right tool
for their farming operation and how local partners can assist with their
application. It will be held on April 26 from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. in the large
conference room at the Traverse City Michigan Works Center, 1209 South Garfield
Ave. There is no charge or registration required to attend the workshop. Contact
the SBDC at 231-922-3780 or at sbdc@networksnorthwest.org for more information.

Food system economic assessment

TRAVERSE CITY -- The Northwest Michigan Food and Farming Network will host a
study session on April 20 from 10:30 a.m. to noon in the Cherry Capital Foods
Board Room, 1610 Barlow Street. Sharron May will present the results of the
network's "Lakes to Land Regional Initiative: Farm and Food System Assessment."

Guests and a board of panelists will be able to discuss the case study, which
received the Michigan Association of Planning 2015 award for Excellence in
Planning and Economic Development. The event is open to the public, and no
registration is required. Contact Carol Danly at foodandfarmingnetwork@gmail.com
for more information.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160415-ZK-Agriculture-in-04-16-2016-0415-20160415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      March 22, 2002 Friday, Home Edition

Report: U.S. relies heavily on illegal workers;
Half on farm, 25% in home, 10% in eateries

BYLINE: JULIA MALONE

SOURCE: Cox Washington Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 514 words


Washington --- Nearly half of America's farm workers, 25 percent of household
workers and 10 percent of restaurant employees are illegal immigrants, according
to a new study about America's undocumented foreign population.

The report, produced for the privately financed Pew Hispanic Center, was timed
for release as President Bush meets today with Mexican President Vicente Fox to
discuss border and migration issues.

Although a major amnesty plan is not on the agenda, officials continue to
discuss a possible increase in permits to allow more temporary workers from
Mexico.

The Pew research indicates that the majority of the 7.8 million illegal
residents in the United States come from Mexico. It also found that close to 4
percent of the urban workforce is illegal.

These undocumented workers tend to be clustered in low-wage service and labor
jobs, including garment-making, meatpacking and agricultural work, the study
found. They also make up 6 percent of construction laborers and almost 5 percent
of all manufacturing workers.

Philip Martin, one of the researchers and an economist at the University of
California, Davis, estimated that 47 percent of the 2.5 million farm workers are
in the United States illegally. Large farms that employ contract labor tend to
have more illegals than smaller farms. Fruit and vegetable growers tend to hire
illegal help more often than livestock farmers do, he said.

Martin said the supply of cheap, illegal labor has been plentiful during the
past 20 years. He noted, however, that the agriculture industry also could find
ways to substitute for those workers, if the flow were reduced.

"There are alternative ways to get any kind of work done," Davis said. The wine
industry relies on machines for three-fourths of its harvest, and other
commodities, including Georgia's Vidalia onion industry, could follow that lead,
he said.

The Pew study's statistical portrait of the illegal workforce drew conflicting
conclusions from groups that monitor immigration.

"What we've seen in the last decade is that entire low-wage sectors of the
economy are dependent on immigrant workers," said Frank Sharry, executive
director of the National Immigration Forum, an immigrant advocacy group.

"To us, it cries out for a comprehensive solution," said Sharry, whose group has
called for a process for legalizing immigrants already here and allowing more to
come with the government's per- mission.

Steven Camarota, research director for the Center for Immigration Studies, which
favors a reduction in immigration, said the Pew report left out important
consequences of the influx of undocumented workers.

"Does the modern Amer- ican economy need a lot of high school dropouts?"
Camarota asked, referring to the illegal population, which tends to have low
education and low skill levels.

"The fiscal outcome of illegal immigration is overwhelmingly negative," he said,
adding that this group costs more in social services than do other residents.
"The reverse is true for [immigrants] with college degrees," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 25, 2012

UK Makes Ag Upgrades

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 340  words


In the past year, the University of Kentucky Research and Education Center in
Princeton has made substantial technology upgrades to the center's equipment to
help further its research mission.

These upgrades include an improved farm record keeping system and precision
agriculture instruments on a sprayer, a tractor, a combine and an all-terrain
vehicle.

The sprayer was purchased through funds from the Kentucky Corn Growers'
Association, Kentucky Soybean Board and the Kentucky Agricultural Development
Fund. The other equipment upgrades were funded through the center.

"We are extremely appreciative of the support we received from the Kentucky Corn
Growers Association, the Kentucky Soybean Promotion Board and the Kentucky
Agricultural Development Board, and the confidence these important stakeholders
have placed in us," said Richard Coffey, the center's director. "This is a great
example of how cooperation between the UK College of Agriculture and our
stakeholders can help meet the needs of our clientele."

UK College of Agriculture researchers have conducted studies in the past using
various precision agriculture technologies at the center, but this year is the
first time the new technologies are available to every researcher who has plots
on the research farm and research plots on Western Kentucky producers' farms.

"The biggest way I can see this helping with research is our researchers can
more precisely repeat an experiment," said Joe Williams, the center's farm
superintendent. "In the past, we were able to accurately replicate a long-term
study within inches; now it will be within centimeters."

Researchers and farm staff now have real-time, online access to the farm's
records, including field history, which will help them resolve land use issues.
In addition, researchers can see when farm personnel make nutrient and chemical
applications throughout the growing season, as well as how their research plots
yielded at harvest.

Additional benefits include lower fuel costs and time saved applying chemicals
and nutrients.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Harrodsburg Herald


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 11, 2012

UK Makes Ag Upgrades

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 340  words


In the past year, the University of Kentucky Research and Education Center in
Princeton has made substantial technology upgrades to the center's equipment to
help further its research mission.

These upgrades include an improved farm record keeping system and precision
agriculture instruments on a sprayer, a tractor, a combine and an all-terrain
vehicle.

The sprayer was purchased through funds from the Kentucky Corn Growers'
Association, Kentucky Soybean Board and the Kentucky Agricultural Development
Fund. The other equipment upgrades were funded through the center.

"We are extremely appreciative of the support we received from the Kentucky Corn
Growers Association, the Kentucky Soybean Promotion Board and the Kentucky
Agricultural Development Board, and the confidence these important stakeholders
have placed in us," said Richard Coffey, the center's director. "This is a great
example of how cooperation between the UK College of Agriculture and our
stakeholders can help meet the needs of our clientele."

UK College of Agriculture researchers have conducted studies in the past using
various precision agriculture technologies at the center, but this year is the
first time the new technologies are available to every researcher who has plots
on the research farm and research plots on Western Kentucky producers' farms.

"The biggest way I can see this helping with research is our researchers can
more precisely repeat an experiment," said Joe Williams, the center's farm
superintendent. "In the past, we were able to accurately replicate a long-term
study within inches; now it will be within centimeters."

Researchers and farm staff now have real-time, online access to the farm's
records, including field history, which will help them resolve land use issues.
In addition, researchers can see when farm personnel make nutrient and chemical
applications throughout the growing season, as well as how their research plots
yielded at harvest.

Additional benefits include lower fuel costs and time saved applying chemicals
and nutrients.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Harrodsburg Herald


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                          January 14, 1998, Wednesday

Grain prices rise after publishing of USDA reports_

SECTION: Agribusiness

LENGTH: 142 words

DATELINE: 01/14/98


Yesterday, the Chicago Board of Trade reacted to reports from the US Department
of Agriculture (USDA), about grain supply, demand and production. The decrease
in US stocks provoked a significant high of 4.5% on corn contracts for May
delivery, fixed at $108.76 per ton, closing at the upward limit.

Wheat for May delivery was traded at $125.48 per ton, registering a high of 3.9%
due to the reduction of the planting area of winter wheat.

The price of soybean for March delivery increased 1%, to $247.02 per ton, due to
an increase in US domestic consumption. According to the USDA, world grain
production in the 1997/98 harvest should reach 1.88 billion tons, a 0.4%
increase over forecasts from last December's survey, due to an increase in
soybean crops in Brazil, corn crops in Argentina and wheat in Australia. (Gazeta
Mercantil)

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

LANGUAGE-SPOKEN: PORTUGUESE

ORIG-LANGUAGE: PORTUGUESE

                      Copyright 1998 Gazeta Mercantil Inc.


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    November 8, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Soybean, corn fall on fear of higher U.S. crop figures

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 33, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 369 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


     Fears that the U.S. Agriculture Department will increase its
 1991 U.S. soybean and corn crop estimate next Tuesday spurred selling yesterday
at the Chicago Board of Trade that took those commodities lower.

CBOT soybeans settled US2 cents to US3 3/4 cents a bushel lower with the most
active month, January, ending at US$5.57, down US3 1/4 cents.

Corn at the CBOT meanwhile finished US1 cents to US1 1/2 cents lower with
featured March down US1 1/2 cents at US$2.54.

News that highly respected private crop forecaster Sparks Commodities raised its
corn and soybean production estimates fuelled the speculation Washington would
raise its estimates.

SOVIET CREDIT

Mixed ideas about a New York Times report that a US$1-billion (C$1.13-billion)
credit package to the Soviet Union might be announced next week accounted for
some of the downward movement in CBOT wheat. This would be much less than the
US$2.5 billion being sought by the Soviets.

Wheat futures at the CBOT ranged US3 1/2 cents to US7 cents lower with
most-active December closing at US$3.50 1/4, down US7 cents a bushel.

Additional pressure in the wheat pit stemmed from news that France has been
aggressively pursuing wheat sales to the Soviet Union.

Canola futures on the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange managed to close 40 cents to
$1.80 a tonne lower based on declines in the CBOT soybean pit. Featured January
ended down 40 cents at $265.70.

Canola prices were taken off their lows at the close by a late spurt of exporter
buying.

The continued lack of farmer selling to the prairie elevator system helped prop
up WCE wheat futures. Those values ended 20 cents to 50 cents a tonne higher
with most-active March settling at $98.80, up 50 cents.

BIG HOGS

Larger-than-expected hog marketings Wednesday and a belief that yesterday's run
would also be high encouraged the selling that took Chicago Mercantile Exchange
live hog and pork belly prices down.

CME live hogs closed US10 cents to US30 cents a hundredweight lower with
featured April settling at US$39.80, down US30 cents. CME pork bellies ended
US28 cents to US50 cents lower, with March finishing at US$40.27, down US48
cents.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sun (Mount Vernon, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 30, 2010

Francis Thicke, candidate for Iowa ag secretary, brings his vision for future to
Mount Vernon;
Living in Iowa

BYLINE: Dan Brawner

LENGTH: 539  words


Frands Thicke (pronounced THICKEE), of Fairfield, currently running for Iowa
secretary of agriculture, spoke at a small fund-raiser Saturday at David
Osterberg's house in Mount Vernon. Thicke explained his practical approach to
agriculture, quoting Allen Nation, editor of the Stockman Grass Farmer: "It is
the nature of cows to move about and the nature of grass to stand in one place.
But with confinement animal production, we have turned it backwards and made the
cows stand in one place and made the grass move to the cows."

Thicke, who holds a Ph.D. in soil science and worked for the U.S. Department of
Agriculture in Washington, D.C., doesn't sound much like a politician, although
he intends to be one. And he doesn't exactly sound like a farmer either,
although he has been a full-time dairy farmer for 27 years. With an
undergraduate degree in philosophy and music, Thicke isn't the sort of
agribusiness talking head who usually ends up as ag secretary. He's more of a
visionary.

"What exactly does the secretary of agriculture do?" asked somebody in the
audience, as if to suggest that if the position were eliminated altogether,
maybe nobodv would even notice.

Laura Krouse, local conservationist and owner of Abbe Hills Farm, spoke up: "In
the past, all the agriculture secretary did was regulate. The job is wide open.
They could have ideas and promote ideas."

Which is exactly what Mr. Thicke is all about. He argued that the agriculture
secretary has real work to do that is vital to Iowa and to the nation. Rather
than spout generalities and campaign rhetoric, Thicke offered up practical
solutions to pressing problems. He explained that farming today is dependent on
cheap fossil fuel. As oil production declines, the increasing cost of fuel,
fertilizer and pesticides will force food prices up dramatically and send
farmers scurrying for alternatives. He pointed out that whereas corn ethanol
generates 67 percent more energy than it uses to produce, switchgrass (a
perennial native crop) generates 540 percent more energy than it uses. Thicke
proposed the use of "mobile processing" plants that would move from farm to
farm, producing fuel to run the farm from perennial grasses grown right there.
"This would keep money in the pockets of the farmers," he said, adding, "Farmers
are the only ones who sell wholesale and buy retail."

As Thicke spoke of the loss of half of Iowa's topsoil, the need for sustainable
farming and how crucial Iowa is to the nation's food production, it became clear
that it might not matter so much who becomes Iowa's next governor or even who
gets on the Supreme Court. The really important job for the near future is
agriculture secretary. Taking a playful swipe at Bill Northey, the current
secretary, Thicke said, "I don't want to be the secretary of Egg-Recallture."

At the reception after Mr. Thicke's talk we gathered around a table laden with
sumptuous foods, all produced locally. There were vegetables from Abbe Hills
Farm, Sutliff Cider, Ann Booth's famous shortbread, and homemade apple turnovers
made from local, organic apples. It kind of made you proud to be from Iowa. It
also made me hope that 50 years from now, Iowans can still gather around a
home-grown feast like this one.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 The Sun (Mount Vernon, Iowa)


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 1, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Grain and Soybeans Mostly Down in Price



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 39, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 356 words


Grain and soybean futures prices were mostly lower yesterday on the Chicago
Board of Trade, as private forecasters began projecting much- needed rainfall in
parts of the Corn Belt.

The soybean crops need rain for good development, and the forecast for rainfall
encouraged selling as it would increase the size of the crop.

Forecasts were not unanimous in predicting rain, said Richard Loewy, senior
grain and oil seed analyst in New York with Prudential-Bache Securities, but
because of the three-day weekend, traders were more inclined to sell than buy.

Corn for delivery in September was lower, and Mr. Loewy said some of the selling
was coming from commercial concerns that operate grain elevators. He said the
recent hot weather could cause the corn to mature earlier than normal, and put
new supplies on the market.

Some sales of corn to the Soviet Union and wheat to China were announced
Thursday by the Agriculture Department.

But sales of wheat to China may fail to meet projections, Mr. Loewy said.
Noting that the Chinese wheat crop is excellent, he said the Chinese might use
the existing disagreement over United States textile agreements to withdraw from
their deal to purchase a minimum amount of United States wheat.

Livestock and meat prices were mixed in quiet trading on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange.

Traders throughout the livestock markets were reluctant to open new positions
before the three-day weekend, said Robert Holbert, a livestock analyst in
Champaign, Ill., with Conticommodity Services Inc.

He said cattle traders were waiting to see how beef sales go over the holiday
weekend. Movement of cattle from feed lots this week was heavy, Mr. Holbert
said.

Hog traders are awaiting further market indications as well, as the first full
week in September generally sets the tone for fall business, Mr. Holbert said.

The market is also waiting to see the United States Department of Agriculture's
report Sept. 20, on hog and pig inventories. A key figure in the report will be
the farrowing intentions for the December through February period, Mr. Holbert
said. Pork bellies advanced slightly.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 8, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Cuttings;
Now, for Politically Correct Tomatoes: All Hail the Hairy Vetch

BYLINE: By Anne Raver

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 85; Column 1; Style Desk; Pastimes Page

LENGTH: 1028 words


When the United States Department of Agriculture starts mulching its tomato
patch with a plant called hairy vetch instead of plastic, something is up:
Organic gardening has gone mainstream.

More than a year ago, after a number of meetings with commercial vegetable
growers and horticultural scientists, Dr. Aref A. Abdul-Baki, a plant
physiologist for the Department of Agriculture in Beltsville, Md., decided to
conduct a test with hairy vetch, a nitrogen-fixing legume that has long been
used as an organic means to enrich and hold the soil.

Dr. Abdul-Baki saw it as an ancient solution to a modern problem. For three
decades tomato growers have used plastic to suppress weeds and to warm the soil
in the spring, resulting in early, heavy yields. But plastic costs money -- to
buy and to apply. It's made from oil, a limited resource. It fills up dwindling
landfill space because it's not biodegradable.

Dr. Abdul-Baki kept hearing these concerns as well as worries that nitrogen
fertilizers and herbicides were entering the ground water. And farmers said
their customers were clamoring for organic vegetables.

Enter, hairy vetch.

This green plant, named for its bushy foliage, is a member of the legume family.
Like the edible pea, its roots attract bacteria that can take nitrogen out of
the air trapped in soil and turn it into a form the plant can absorb. When used
as a mulch, this nitrogen-fixing plant has many advantages, scientists have
found.

It keeps the soil cool under midsummer sun, when beds mulched with plastic can
grow too hot. Its thick mat suppresses weeds. And when the vetch is cut and
decomposes, all that nitrogen is slurped up by any tomato seedlings growing in
its midst.

Hairy vetch also seems to discourage a tomato enemy, the loathsome Colorado
potato beetle, which may be confused by the hairy vetch's smell.

So long, plastic. So long, synthetic nitrogen. So long, herbicides and
pesticides. Hello, organic tomatoes.

The use of mulch to control weeds, pests and insects is an age-old practice. But
it waned during America's love affair with petroleum products.

"The 50's were the years when the polymer chemists made a lot of synthetics out
of petroleum," Dr. Abdul-Baki said. "And we had all these pesticides and sprays
that let us produce attractive, healthy plants. And developing plant varieties
that were insect- and disease-resistant wasn't a high priority."

But as the history of DDT showed, heavy pesticide use actually encourages the
selective breeding of the most resistant insects. "Without realizing it, we were
engaged in a breeding program against mankind," Dr. Abdul-Baki said.

Scientists are trying to develop varieties that are biologically resistant to
insects and disease, but that takes time. Meanwhile, using a plant like hairy
vetch can help produce a healthier, less expensive tomato and not pollute the
environment.

About 40 percent of Florida's vegetable cropland is covered with plastic, Dr.
Abdul-Baki says. "And the total amount of plastic used in the world for
vegetable production could circle the earth about 41 times," he said. "It has a
tremendous pollution factor because it's not fully degradable. It's a mess, and
the environmentalists do not like it."

In the test, scientists planted the hairy vetch seed in September 1990. The
legume developed a hearty root system and grew a good 12 inches before cold
weather slowed growth to a minimum. When temperatures warmed up in March and
April, it took off again.

By April 29, the hairy vetch in Beltsville was up to Dr. Abdul-Baki's chest --
about four feet tall. That day, it was mowed to one inch high.

On May 1, the tomato seedlings were planted right into the middle of the hairy
vetch. No tilling, no turning, no disturbing the soil.

"We have designed a mower that runs over the vetch, chops it up and dumps it
right in position," Dr. Abdul-Baki said. "Then we drill a three-inch hole and
stick the seedling in."

At first the seedlings were difficult to see in the thick green mulch. But a
month later, the tomato plants were 25 inches high. And by harvest time, plants
grown in the vetch mulch yielded 45 tons an acre. Plots with no mulch at all
averaged 19 tons an acre; plastic-mulched plots, 35 tons an acre.

So the vetch had won, thumbs up. And the boisterous beds needed little
fertilizer, fewer herbicides and pesticides and less water.

"That thick mat is like a blanket," Dr. Abdul-Baki said. "It reduces evaporation
from the soil, so it saves water." It also kept the plants cool. "The soil
surface was about 35 degrees lower in the middle of the day than under plastic
mulch," he said.

Beds mulched with hairy vetch had hardly any Colorado potato beetles. Beds
mulched with plastic were heavily infested.

"Our entomologist speculated that the beetle may be attracted by the tomato
smell," Dr. Abdul-Baki said. "When the vetch is cut, its smell dilutes the fumes
from the tomato plant and may confuse the insect."

Growing hairy vetch with tomatoes may also cut down on disease. It is a form of
crop rotation, which farmers have practiced since the beginnings of civilization
in Mesopotamia. But in Beltsville, where the hairy vetch research continues,
scientists are speeding up the process -- by planting tomatoes right in the
hairy vetch. In September, they pulled up the old tomato plants and then
reseeded the untilled fields with more hairy vetch.

"The more you dig, the more you disturb the soil," said Dr. Abdul-Baki, standing
in his field of hairy vetch. "Most of the organic material is near the surface,
and by tilling, you're dumping it down and bringing up the poorer soil. The more
you leave it alone, the better off you are."

Adventurous gardeners who live in areas where temperatures are still hovering
around 40 degrees Fahrenheit may want to plant hairy vetch now for next year.
That temperature range is what it takes for the seed to germinate and roots to
grow. Gardeners in colder climates should wait until early spring. "We haven't
tried this, but there's no reason why it wouldn't work," Dr. Abdul-Baki said.

To locate seed, call your local extension agent or a farm supply store.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A test using hairy vetch as mulch, left, averaged 45 tons of
tomatoes an acre. Where no mulch was used, right, the yield was 19 tons an acre.
With plastic mulch, it was 35 tons an acre. Dr. Aref Abdul-Baki prefers thick
hairy vetch to plastic mulch. (United States Department of Agriculture)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday

Record crops just part of noteworthy November; Agency approves use of fungicides
to fight Asian Soybean Rust

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b7

LENGTH: 836 words


November has been a month of revelations for agriculture.

We learned on Nov. 12 that farmers will harvest the biggest corn and soybean
crops on record. Not just records, but records by far. Tri-state area farmers
reported excellent yields.

Agriculture officials planned a defense against Asian Soybean Rust after the
fungus was discovered in a Louisiana soybean field Nov. 10. Last week, the
Environmental Protection Agency announced its emergency approval of fungicides
to combat the disease.

Goodbye, Ann Veneman. The secretary of agriculture tendered her resignation to
President Bush last week, ending four years at the helm of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture marked by natural disasters, a mad cow disease scare, market
highs and lows and controversy.

Around here, she might be remembered as the agriculture secretary who preserved
the pork checkoff after a majority of pork producers defeated the program in a
September 2000 referendum.

*

Some good news for dairy producers - the ag department raised its milk price
forecasts for 2004-05 from last month because of stronger demand for milkfat.
The all-milk price is forecast at $13.75 to $14.45 per hundredweight for
2004-05.

Meanwhile, the ag department predicts dairy farm net cash income will average
$112,900 this year, up from $69,300 last year and the 1998-2000 average of
$84,900.

Remember, these are national averages, and actual net cash income among
individual farms will vary greatly. Overall, net farm income is expected to grow
by more than 10 percent this year, to a record $73.7 billion, up 24.5 percent
from 2003.

*

A dairy industry self-help program is claiming some of the credit for
stabilizing milk supplies and prices.

Cooperatives Working Together is now in its second year. Participating producers
fund the program through a voluntary 5-cent assessment on each 100 pounds of
milk they market. The money raised is used to fund a dairy product export
assistance program and a herd retirement program to reduce milk production.
Cooperatives Working Together is administered by the National Milk Producers
Federation.

In the latest round of bids accepted during October, about 715 bids representing
around 2 billion pounds of milk volume are under review.

"Our goal with this second go-round is to remove 870 million pounds of milk,"
said National Milk spokesman Chris Galen.

Galen said successful bidders likely will be notified this month. The number of
bids offered increased from the first round.

"We have had greater participation in the second year from upper Midwest
cooperatives," Galen said.

In the project's first year, 299 bids were accepted to remove 608 million pounds
of milk from the market. CWT officials estimate their program gave milk prices a
59 cent per hundredweight boost between October 2003 and September 2004.

Walt Wosje, CWT's chief operating officer, said the program was just one factor
contributing to the market rebound, though.

"This past winter and spring, we saw what was akin to a perfect storm of factors
pulling together to raise milk prices from their record lows. Between CWT's
activities, the Canadian border being closed, and increased milk demand, milk
prices really rebounded quickly," Wosje said.

"Unfortunately, that illustrates our concern about the market's volatility. CWT
activities, like this herd retirement and our export assistance program, are
meant to not only strengthen milk prices but also stabilize them. We can't
simply depend on market factors. Our increased targets this year reflect our
understanding that we won't necessarily have all the other factors working with
us this time."

Participation in CWT is open to all cooperatives and to independent dairy
farmers not affiliated with a cooperative.  More information on the program is
available online at cwt.coop.

*

As we give thanks for our many blessings this week, the Archdiocesan Pastoral
Center in Dubuque reminds us to consider our rural neighbors who are
experiencing extreme economic hardship.

The center will again conduct its "Rural Christmas Outreach" project through the
Rural Life Office in cooperation with Catholic Charities. The project helps fill
in the gaps not covered by the many other civic organizations and agencies
serving the needs of people. Rural Outreach recipients are those folks who
cannot meet their basic needs and who might easily go unnoticed or be ineligible
under other existing programs.

Funds will be collected through Dec. 8.

Those who do not qualify for other existing programs can apply for assistance by
writing to Rural Christmas Outreach, Archdiocesan Pastoral Center, P.O. Box 479,
Dubuque, Iowa 52004-0479. Include your full name and address. Also include the
number of adults and children with all their ages.

Monetary contributions may be sent to the same address.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 2, 1996, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

SCIENCE WATCH;
ARCHAEOLOGY, ENVIRONMENT & MEDICINE;
Sowing hybrid oats

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Toner

SECTION: SCIENCE; Pg. 01E

LENGTH: 401 words


They're not your father's Cheerios. To combat the spread of an airborne fungus
called crown rust, which annually destroys $ 30 million worth of oats in the
United States, scientists have added something new to the country's amber waves
of grain - a cross between corn and oats.

Researchers at the U.S. Department of Agriculture say the corn-oat hybrids,
which look like oats, carry up to eight corn genes that confer resistance to
crown rust. In time, they hope to infuse hybrid oats with more of corn's
admirable traits, including heat tolerance, better grain composition, and
increased productivity.

Although the corn-oat hybrids are the widest combination of crop species yet
produced that are known to be fertile, they aren't the only mixed grain to
emerge from the laboratory. British researchers have recently managed to cross
wheat and corn to produce a hybrid wheat.

Making viol less vile

Generations of fiddle players, it seems, knew what they were talking about. In a
word, grandpa was right. The older the instrument, the sweeter the sound.

Researchers at South Bank University in London have been fiddling around in the
laboratory themselves and their tests of spruce wood, commonly used as the
sounding membrane in stringed instruments, show that exposure to high humidities
and continuous vibration increased the wood's stiffness, and reduced the damping
coefficient, a change that is thought to improve sound quality.

"Although for the best care of a musical instrument, both high and low
humidities should be avoided," the researchers say, "the results suggest that at
intermediate or high humidities, the sound quality may be improved by regular
playing."

Satellite to be visible

The satellite that broke free from space shuttle Columbia will be visible next
week in Atlanta and across the country.

The satellite and its dangling 12-mile cord can be seen by the naked eye just
before sunrise as it travels through the sky from the West Coast to the East.

"It should be an absolutely awesome sight because the 20 kilometers of tether,
assuming that it's all strung out, will be definitel visible," astronaut Jeffrey
Hoffman said from Columbia. Observers will "actually see a line moving through
the sky."

NASA says the satellite will be visible in Atlanta at 6: 15 a.m. Friday, and
5:30 a.m. March 9. Each sighting will last from one to three minutes/

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Illustration: Man playing violin / Paige Braddock / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 March 2, 1996, Saturday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

SCIENCE WATCH;
ARCHAEOLOGY, ENVIRONMENT & MEDICINE;
Sowing hybrid oats

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Toner

SECTION: SCIENCE; Pg. 01E

LENGTH: 401 words


They're not your father's Cheerios. To combat the spread of an airborne fungus
called crown rust, which annually destroys $ 30 million worth of oats in the
United States, scientists have added something new to the country's amber waves
of grain - a cross between corn and oats.

Researchers at the U.S. Department of Agriculture say the corn-oat hybrids,
which look like oats, carry up to eight corn genes that confer resistance to
crown rust. In time, they hope to infuse hybrid oats with more of corn's
admirable traits, including heat tolerance, better grain composition, and
increased productivity.

Although the corn-oat hybrids are the widest combination of crop species yet
produced that are known to be fertile, they aren't the only mixed grain to
emerge from the laboratory. British researchers have recently managed to cross
wheat and corn to produce a hybrid wheat.

Making viol less vile

Generations of fiddle players, it seems, knew what they were talking about. In a
word, grandpa was right. The older the instrument, the sweeter the sound.

Researchers at South Bank University in London have been fiddling around in the
laboratory themselves and their tests of spruce wood, commonly used as the
sounding membrane in stringed instruments, show that exposure to high humidities
and continuous vibration increased the wood's stiffness, and reduced the damping
coefficient, a change that is thought to improve sound quality.

"Although for the best care of a musical instrument, both high and low
humidities should be avoided," the researchers say, "the results suggest that at
intermediate or high humidities, the sound quality may be improved by regular
playing."

Satellite to be visible

The satellite that broke free from space shuttle Columbia will be visible next
week in Atlanta and across the country.

The satellite and its dangling 12-mile cord can be seen by the naked eye just
before sunrise as it travels through the sky from the West Coast to the East.

"It should be an absolutely awesome sight because the 20 kilometers of tether,
assuming that it's all strung out, will be definitel visible," astronaut Jeffrey
Hoffman said from Columbia. Observers will "actually see a line moving through
the sky."

NASA says the satellite will be visible in Atlanta at 6: 15 a.m. Friday, and
5:30 a.m. March 9. Each sighting will last from one to three minutes/

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Illustration: Man playing violin / Paige Braddock / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   November 24, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Trade deal protests heating up in France

BYLINE: REUTERS NEW AGENCY

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 466 words


French opposition to a European Community farm- trade deal with the United
States heated up yesterday with the government calling for more talks and
farmers turning their wrath on yet another symbol of U.S. culture, Coca-Cola.

About 300 farmers burned tires and wood in front of a Coca-Cola factory in the
south Paris suburb of Grigny yesterday, in the latest of a growing wave of
protests targeting U.S. interests. French farmers are gearing up for massive
countrywide demonstrations later this week to pressure the government to veto
the agreement.

France's largest farming group also called on farmers across Europe to converge
next Monday on the eastern French city of Strasbourg, the seat of the European
Parliament, to show solidarity, the Associated Press reported.

German farmers will be there in large numbers, farming group officials said. The
German government has urged France not to torpedo the accord in order to avoid a
transatlantic trade war.

French grain farmers joined in a rising chorus of calls for the government to
exercise its veto and scrap the U.S.-EC accord, which cuts exports of subsidized
European crops and limits exports of oilseeds.

Over the weekend, farmers picketed branches of the McDonald's hamburger chain,
prompting the company to say it sold only French agricultural produce in France.

French agriculture minister Jean-Pierre Soisson said his government will ask for
a special meeting of EC foreign and farm ministers, probably next week, to
discuss the U.S.-EC agreement.

France, a major farm producer and subsidizer, vehemently opposes the accord,
which was reached Friday and would slash EC oilseed production and subsidized
food exports.

Britain, current president of the EC, said it has not yet received the request
for a special meeting. Like other EC nations, however, Britain has welcomed the
deal as a move to jumpstart a wider world trade pact being negotiated by GATT.

Underlying that optimism, the chief of the Geneva-based General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade, Arthur Dunkel, summoned negotiators yesterday to relaunch the
long-running Uruguay Round of trade talks.

Dunkel called for a meeting Thursday of the trade negotiations committee, the
panel steering talks to free up trade in sectors from agriculture to banking.

"This should lead to a package of results acceptable, and of benefit, to all the
participants," he said.

But French Prime Minister Pierre Beregovoy insisted Sunday his country would not
accept the farm deal and for the first time, said it might use its right of veto
in the EC as a last resort.

The government would first seek parliamentary support for its tough stance,
however, and request the solidarity of its EC partners in demanding what he
called a fairer deal for farmers.


LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pierre Beregovoy

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 21, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Why We Might Regret Grain Generosity

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 273 words


To the Editor:
 For some time, voices have been raised in the United States favoring massive
food aid to the Soviet Union, most notably the voice of Agriculture Secretary
Edward R. Madigan. True, Mr. Madigan's voice has been muted lately. But he has a
large constituency in favor of massive shipments of wheat, corn and soy beans.
The legislation for such is already in existence.

To explain: America's largess of grain can be given to any country of the
President's choosing at negotiated interest rates, with as long as three years
to pay, under the Commodity Credit Corporation Act.

Under this act, President Nixon enabled Soviet grain buyers to wipe out our
emergency wheat reserves in the single month of July 1972. A sharp increase in
United States food prices followed this grain-on-credit move.

Such dollar-denominated credits are guaranteed by the Commodity Credit
Corporation, which gets its funds from the Agriculture Department's annual
budget of more than $40 billion, financed by the Treasury. The recipient country
may be careful never to default on the loans. But the loans are continuously
additive to the Federal budget deficit, at least from one accounting year to the
next.

The Soviet Union is the largest importer of corn from the United States. Because
of unusual drought conditions in the corn-producing areas of the Midwest, the
United States corn harvest this year may be low. A massive offtake of corn and
other food grains and feed grains at this time, as under President Nixon in
1972, may cause a sharp increase in food prices at home.

BEVERLY KITCHING
Springfield, Ill., Nov. 5, 1991

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 2, 1988, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Farmers face seed shortages, price hikes

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  The drought in the U.S. heartland this summer not only dealt a devastating
blow to the 1988 grain harvest, but will be felt next year when farmers buy seed
for 1989 crops.

Farmers anxious to plant more crops next year to make up for this season's
drought-reduced output will face tighter and more expensive supplies of
commercial seed and a shortage of the high-yielding varieties, U.S. seed
industry sources say.

And a reduction in the supply and quality of U.S. seeds could impact on soybean
growers in Italy and grain sorghum producers in Venezuela as well as corn
growers in Iowa.

''The seed supply will be tight at the acreage levels we had this year and if
the acreage increases very much, it could be very tight,'' Bill Schapaugh,
executive vice-president of the American Seed Trade Association, said.

''In any event, there will be inadequate supplies of the preferred hybrids and
this could possibly affect crop yields,'' Schapaugh said.

U.S. farmers spent more than US$3.5 billion this past year to plant almost 6
million tons of commercial seed, ranging from the major field crops of corn,
wheat and soybeans to grass and alfalfa seeds for pastures and conservation
land.

While the U.S. seed industry is a huge business domestically, the U.S. has also
long been the world's largest exporter of seed. Next year's seed exports are
projected to be a record US$400 million.

More than 100 countries regularly import U.S. seeds every year. Canada, Italy,
France, Japan and Mexico are among the biggest buyers.

But the biggest impact of the anticipated seed shortfall will fall on U.S.
farmers, who for the first time in several years, are likely to significantly
expand crop acreage in the next planting season.

Because of higher crop prices and less acreage restrictions in U.S. federal farm
programs, private analysts have estimated that U.S. farmers could increase wheat
plantings by 9 million to 12 million acres, corn plantings by 6 million to 8
million acres and soybean plantings by more than 2 million acres.

About half the U.S. wheat acreage is planted with commercial seed and about 70%
of the nation's soybean acreage is started with store-bought seed. Virtually all
of the corn planted in the U.S. is now planted with commercial seed corn
hybrids.

The use of corn hybrids, a cross between two different types of corn varieties,
has soared since World War II and has caused a tripling of U.S. corn yields in
that time period.

But this year's seed-corn hybrid yields will be down sharply in some areas,
industry officials said.

To offset the short U.S. supply and meet the projected increased demand for seed
next year, major U.S. seed producers are planning large increases in winter
production of seed corn and other grains.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 27, 2013 Sunday

Utah farmers, ranchers want immigration reforms to meet labor needs

BYLINE: Marjorie Cortez Deseret News

LENGTH: 1137 words


PARK CITY ? Lino Aquino makes it look easy. Riding horseback, he and seven dogs
make quick work of moving 1,200 sheep down a gentle slope in Summit County. As
the dogs gather the stragglers, Aquino waits on a hillside. "If you're just
patient and take your time, the sheep calm down and he can put them where he
wants them.

The sheep get used to him," said Brian Bitner, whose family runs about 6,000
head of sheep in Utah, Idaho and Montana. Aquino, who is Peruvian, has worked
for the Bitners on a series of three-year contracts since 1999. He has entered
the United States on H-2A visas, which permit him to stay in the country up to
three years to herd sheep. The permits must be renewed annually. "He's a good
guy. He knows what he's doing," Bitner said. But training herders takes time.
Although most come from rural Peru, some have not ridden horses or worked with
herding dogs, Bitner said. Some don't know how to drive, so it is a challenge to
prepare them to haul water to the sheep wintering on the west desert. "If one
guy can teach another, then you end up OK," Bitner said. The sheep industry has
exemptions to the H-2A visa that are not available to other livestock producers,
dairy operators and growers. Those industries must abide to the strict limits of
the farm worker visa, which is intended to provide a workforce for temporary,
seasonal work. Workers who enter the country under that program can work for one
employer doing one type of work. Typically, a worker may remain in the country
for 10 months but is supposed to return to his or her native country. That
arrangement doesn't suit the labor needs of the dairy industry, says Brad
Bateman, whose family dairy farm in Utah County milks 6,800 cows three times a
day. Dairy farming is neither seasonal nor temporary, which is something Bateman
said he hopes Congress will acknowledge in the immigration reform debate in
Washington, D.C. "The thing we have to keep in mind as we talk about this issue
and look at it, it's not about cheap labor. It's about labor ? period. It's
about getting a workforce, Bateman said during a recent farm tour offered by the
Utah Farm Bureau. Whether it's harvesting fruit, herding sheep or working in
processing plants, most agriculture jobs in the United States are not filled by
Americans. Yet federal law requires producers to advertise to domestic workers
first, although they rarely last long on the job. "I think the record we have
had is one worked all day once," said Robert McMullin, a Payson fruit farmer who
grows sweet cherries, peaches, apples, nectarines and pluots. When growers like
McMullin cannot assemble enough workers, crops go to waste in the fields. This
summer, it was the sweet cherries. A shortage of farm laborers also affects
consumers, says Randy Parker, CEO of the Utah Farm Bureau. All segments of
agriculture need a productive, efficient workforce that meets their labor need
throughout the production cycle, he said. "All of those things play into
abundance, quality and cost for the American consumer," Parker said. McMullin
said he would like Congress to change immigration laws to give workers and
producers more flexibility. "We would really like to have a program that is
easier and more user-friendly for us ? something that would be more flexible and
allows us to trade (workers) with the dairy guys, with the floral guys," he
said. "We'd like to not only be able to use them in the field. We'd like to use
them in the processing plant." The exemptions granted the sheep industry under
the H-2A program make it the envy of other agriculture industries "because it
works," says Larry Williams, attorney for the Western Range Association. While
many agriculture industries would benefit from changes to the farm visa program,
it is important that sheep ranchers not lose ground in the process. "We have a
very small part of the industry under the H-2A program. We're a little concerned
about gross caps because of the size of our industry and the needs that we have.
We might just get run over," Williams said. Now that the government shutdown has
ended, Parker said he hopes Congress will once again focus on immigration
reform. He and other business interests in the state are lobbying members of
Utah's congressional delegation about immigration reforms they need. ?Our
standpoint is, let?s just get something done that makes sense. If we have to
tweak it as we go forward, let?s do that," he said. From a national perspective,
the American Farm Bureau Federation wants comprehensive immigration reform to
include ?an adjustment of status for experienced but unauthorized agricultural
workers who currently reside in the United States,? according to a position
paper published in September. This would include an obligation to work in
agriculture for a set number of years. Once that requirement is met, workers
could seek permanent legal status. The federation also seeks an uncapped
agricultural worker visa program that will ?ensure agriculture?s future legal
workforce? and give workers and producers alike more flexibility. Sheep ranchers
like Bitner agree that other industries would benefit from more flexibility, but
he notes there are costs associated with maintaining a workforce. Bitner
provides his herders room and board as required under current H-2A regulations.
The herders live in campers among the sheep they tend and they send their
grocery lists to Bitner via iPhones. Aquino has solar power to light his camper,
propane to heat it, and depending upon where the camper is parked and the
antenna is aimed, he can watch television to help break up the monotony and
loneliness. He keeps in touch with friends and family via Facebook and other
social networks. The toughest aspect of the job is Utah's harsh weather, Aquino
said. "The winter is a little cold. It's a little hard." While he's separated
from his family for three-year stints, herding has enabled him to purchase a
home for his family in Peru and pay college tuition for his eldest son, who is
studying administration and marketing, Aquino said. "(The herders) do pretty
amazingly well. I've never had one smoke, and most of them don't drink. They're
good, honest, pretty decent people," Bitner said. Parker agrees. "The reality is
they?re not jobs Americans are willing to do. Let?s give them the help they need
to provide the service they?re willing to do, and quite honestly, they do a
pretty darned good job at it," he said. The Utah Compact, which urges treating
immigrants with humanity and dignity, provides a good framework for the debate
on the national level, Parker said. "Let?s get that done on a national basis
because it is the federal government?s obligation and responsibility to do it,"
he said, "so let?s get it done. Let?s quit playing around.? Email:
marjorie@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                          September 3, 1997, Wednesday

Bigger but fewer farmers ahead in US dairy scene

BYLINE: FOX Andrea

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 24

LENGTH: 260 words


US dairy farms, some already with 15,000 cows, will get bigger but there will be
fewer of them in 10 years, say US Agriculture Department economists.

Milk production and yields in the US will also increase, says economics branch
chief Terry Crawford in Washington.

The US is the world's biggest milk producer with 68 billion kilograms a year.

Mr Crawford does not share the view of some of his department's colleagues that
New Zealand and Australia will be world dairy market leaders in the future.

The US would overtake them as cow nutrition, genetics and farm management
improved and farmers decided if they were in the business of dairy or feed
production, he said.

US dairying yield was improving by up to 2 per cent a year, he said.

Urban encroachment into dairy farming areas and environmental pressure on
farmers were forcing many to sell and move into undeveloped dairying areas where
their money could buy two or more farms.

US farmers did not need much land for dairy feedlot farming but a dry climate
was essential for year-round calving, he said.

In desert areas such as Roswell, in New Mexico, a farmer could set up a 65ha
dairy operation for under $ US5 million including 2000 cows at $ US2500 each. To
do the same in traditional dairying areas like Wisconsin or Minnesota, would
cost $ US10 million and up.

Midwest areas such as South Dakota, Nebraska and Kansas, were recruiting dairy
farmers with promises of tax breaks and other incentives, he said. Dairy farmers
injected a lot of money into local economies.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday

North Dakota's economic model has changed

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 421 words


Explaining what North Dakota is to people who do not live here has become more
and more difficult. A recent Sunday Tribune story addressed the mingling of
nuclear missile silos with oil rigs and wells in the western half of the state.
Another story talked about the top-to-bottom maintenance of the nation's only
coal gasification plant.

Construction of the first refinery to be built in the United States in the last
several decades will begin in Dickinson this spring. A recent report from the
federal Agriculture Department put the value of crops produced in the state at
$11 billion last year.

North Dakota's economic model has changed - for the better.

By a combination of intention, hard work and luck, the state has diversified its
economic profile.

For much of North Dakota's history, dry-land wheat farming defined the state. It
fed a dependency on the railroad, a cyclic wheat market, weather and the federal
government. It finely honed conservative political and economic thinking of many
of the state's citizens.

Farming remains key to the state's well-being. It represents the largest slice
in the state economic pie. And although wheat remains key to farm operations,
the state has become a bonanza of specialty crops well beyond sugar beets, corn
and other small grains.

It ships cattle to Kazakhstan, a former Soviet Union member state.

Value-added agriculture has become a part of the state's economic vocabulary.

"We're doing a better job at farming now than we every did before in history,"
Dan Wogsland, executive director of the North Dakota Grain Growers Association,
told the Tribune.

Oil and gas represent a big piece of the pie. Production taxes make up an
estimated 20 percent of the state government revenue.

In those lean years, Bismarck-Mandan's economy grew by 1 or 2 percent,. Now it's
picked up the pace, hitting as much as 3 percent annually, according to
Bismarck-Mandan Chamber of Commerce President Kelvin Hullet.

It has been a long climb to this high point.

Through the terms of four governors - George Sinner, Ed Schafer, John Hoeven
and, now Jack Dalrymple - the state has pushed and pulled at policies supporting
growth, entreprenuership, research, economic development and jobs creation.

It has been a sometimes frustrating, hit-and-miss strategy; however, the people
of North Dakota have kept working to stem the flow of outward-bound young people
by creating jobs and new business and industry.

It's an effort that justified the headline on the Tribune's Sunday Money story:
"North Dakota is strong."

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          February 28, 2004, Saturday

Popular Canty farm adviser

BYLINE: CREAN Mike  EARL Leonard

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Pg. 15; MAIN LIVES OBITUARIES; D

LENGTH: 586 words


Len Earl didn't miss a Christchurch Show or New Zealand Cup meeting at Riccarton
for 75 years. It wasn't just that he enjoyed them -- he saw them as essential
for meeting and mixing with clients.

When the 89-year-old agricultural adviser and seed company manager died in
Christchurch this month, many former clients recalled the farming and business
advice and financial backing he had given them and his dry sense of humour.

The descendant of a gold prospector who came from the Victorian fields to the
West Coast, Earl was born in Timaru to a Makikihi farming family. The family
moved to Christchurch when he was 10, and he attended St Bede's College from
1928 to 1932.

Earl worked on the Makikihi farm before completing a diploma in agriculture at
Lincoln College. There he was one of a close group of live-in students who ran
the college farm to pay for their keep.

Graduating in 1935, he worked on a remote farm in the Marlborough Sounds,
accessible only by sea, before returning to Lincoln as a foundation student on
the new Valuation and Farm Management course.

Armed with his second diploma, Earl joined the Department of Agriculture at
Palmerston North as a farm adviser. He married Janet Howell in 1941, and they
had four children.

During World War 2, Earl tried to enlist with the navy and air force but was
turned down on health grounds. The Department of Agriculture appealed for him to
be exempt from military service so he could do essential work. This involved, at
first, supervising flax growing in South Canterbury for the manufacture of ropes
for the war effort.

He was then transferred to Auckland and put in charge of vegetable growing near
Pukekohe for supplies to United States forces in the Pacific. Near the end of
the war he moved to the department's head office at Wellington and then to
Timaru.

After the war, Earl opened and headed a new office for the department at
Waimate. For several years he gave weekly radio talks on farming topics, until a
throat operation damaged his voice.

In 1948 he was asked by family connections to take over the Timaru grain and
seeds firm of James Meehan and Sons, which Earl's grandfather had founded in
1913. He managed the company until he sold it and retired in 1981.

Earl showed an astute grasp of business and finance, and the company prospered.
He guided many farmers in technical and financial issues and traded on world
futures markets. He helped many young farmers make a start, backing his shrewd
judgment of their mettle rather than being influenced by "who they were".

He was a canny investor and became a part-owner and director of a Mount Somers
clay company supplying Auckland potteries.

The Earls moved to Christchurch in 1993. Len Earl was a fervent Catholic who
enjoyed the Church's traditions and history. He kept abreast of current affairs
and held strong views -- although he was a quiet man who seldom engaged in
argument.

The loving and trustworthy husband and father experienced seven generations of
his family from his great-grandmother to his own great- grandchildren.

Along with flowers on Len Earl's coffin was an arrangement of vegetables and
wheat stalks, reflecting his lifelong interest in cropping. --Mike Crean

Leonard (Len) Earl; born Timaru, October 14, 1914; died Christchurch, February
10, 2004. Survived by his wife Janet, sons Peter and Frank, daughters Margaret
and Mary Anne, nine grandchildren and two great- grandchildren.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Len Earl

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Fairfax New Zealand


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                     August 16, 2001 Thursday Final Edition

U.S. subsidies have growers in sour mood

SOURCE: News Services

SECTION: News; B.C. News; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 108 words

DATELINE: KELOWNA

KELOWNA -- Okanagan apple growers meet in Summerland on Monday to hammer out an
industry-saving strategy.

Orchardists, foundering after five years of bad crops and plunging prices, want
to reach a consensus before approaching Agriculture Minister John van Dongen.

Part of the problem is a subsidy war with the U.S. and Europe. American apple
growers received $100 million in direct subsidies in June and expect to get
another $150 million.

"Americans have increased their subsidies by 700 per cent since they signed the
World Trade Agreement in 1996 saying they'll reduce subsidies to farmers," said
Rutland grower Leo Touw.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief; News

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 13, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BUSINESS DIGEST;
THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1981;
The Economy

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 735 words


A two-day logjam in trans-Atlantic air travel cleared up swiftly after Canadian
air traffic controllers called off a boycott of United States flights. In
return, Ottawa promised to take part in an inquiry into the controllers'
contention that the strike by American controllers had created safety hazards.
(Page A1.) Airline executives and many pilots say that flights during the
strike, carried on under a contingency flight plan developed by the F.A.A. last
year, are as safe as in normal times. (A1.)

Retail sales rose 1.3 percent in July, the Commerce Department reported.
Although it was the second consecutive large monthly increase, economists did
not see it as a sign of economic resurgence. Murray L. Weidenbaum, chairman of
the President's Council of Economic Advisers, acknowledged in a radio interview
that the nation might be in its second recession in two years. (D1.)

The Agriculture Department forecast the second-largest corn crop in history, a
record wheat crop and a bumper soybean crop. It also foresaw another sharp drop
in Soviet grain production, which could mean more large imports from the United
States. (D2.)

Companies

G.M. will cooperate with Isuzu and Suzuki in building and selling ''mini-cars''
smaller than the Chevrolet Chevette. The three companies hope to gain a
competetive edge in the growing world market for small, fuel-efficient cars with
an engine displacement of 1,000 cubic centimeters or less. G.M. will buy 5
percent of Suzuki's stock, and Suzuki and Isuzu will each buy blocks of the
other's stock. G.M.  already owns 34.2 percent of Isuzu. (D1.)

I.B.M., in a marked change of direction, entered the personal computer market.
Its new desk-top model for use in homes, schools and businesses is expected to
pose a stiff challenge to Apple and Tandy, the leaders in the fast-growing
field. (D1.)

Cablevision, one of few remaining privately held cable companies, won the Boston
cable franchise over Warner-Amex Cable Communications. Cablevision plans to
provide subscribers in the 240,000-home franchise with 52 basic channels for
just $2 a month.  (D1.)

Four companies violated antitrust law by making sure they charged identical
prices for a gasoline additive, an F.T.C. judge ruled. He said the companies -
Ethyl, Du Pont, PPG Industries andNalco Chemical - had used press releases to
alert one another to price changes. He found no price-fixing conspiracy,
however. (D5.)

Bechtel will join Morrison-Knudsen International in a $1.5 billion, 10-year
effort to exploit a copper-and-gold bonanza in the jungles of Papua New Guinea.
(D5.)

Energy

A debate over whether to allow the export of Alaskan oil to Japan is again under
way in Congress and the White House. Backers argue that exporting Alaskan oil,
now prohibited, could lead to cheaper oil for some Americans and substantial tax
benefits for the Government.  Critics balk at possibly giving oil companies big
new profits. (D1.)

The Administration has rejected a World Bank proposal to set up a special
affiliate for expanded lending for energy projects in developing countries. But
even without the affiliate, officials at the bank said, disbursements for energy
projects have been rising.  (D15.)

Markets

The stock market was mixed in active trading, with some airline issues posting
the best gains. The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 4.09 points at
945.21. (D8.) Interest rates rose, ending a three-day rally that lifted prices
and cut yields substantially after last week's heavy Treasury financing. (D11.)
The dollar fell in hectic trading, then recouped most of its losses. Gold prices
climbed to $420 an ounce on the Comex, then fell back to $404 at the close.
(D12.) Grain and soybean futures prices were mixed. (D12.)

Today's Columns

Multiple-beam antennas that can receive signals from more than one satellite at
once are ready for marketing, some manufacturers believe. The new generation of
antennas will be needed, they say, to accommodate the increasing number of
domestic satellites. Technology. (D2.)

A geographical approach to the search for stock opportunities is suggested by
one investment expert. He concentrates on identifying growth companies in the
Great Lakes region. Market Place. (D8.)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 20, 1987, Friday

3RD ERA OF US FARMING?

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A third era of U.S. Agriculture may be in the works and a new form of rugged
individualism might be one of its ideals, according to a report in the American
Land Forum conservation magazine.

Charles E. Little says in his article that Agriculture I lasted through the
early part of this century and included the great movement of people westward
cross the plains and mountains, an agriculture of settlement and subsistence.

"This was the agriculture of those who got on the land first, for whom to
succeed was simply to survive," he said.

In Agriculture II, which Mr. Little said began in the early 1930s with the
Roosevelt administration's Agriculture Adjustment Act and carried on by
succeeding programs, government prices supports and other benefits helped boost
yields and reduce the number of farms required to feed a nation.

"The subsidies entrained by the AAA, together with the advances in mechanized
and chemical agriculture on larger and larger farms, have created a farm economy
so financially attenuated that it cannot adjust downward, as it is now
necessary, without such dire results that the impacts, like those of the steel
industry, reverberate throughout the whole of society," he said.

Mr. Little added: "Agriculture II is oversimplified and therefore vulnerable. It
lacks the strength of diversity. It has outlived its time and the limits of its
resources as surely as did Agriculture I."

The current state of U.S. agriculture, he said, is in as deep an economic
depression as any since the Dust Bowl era of the 1930s.

Mr. Little, an advocate of conservation tillage methods to help save soil and
water, noted the experiences of individual farmers in Alabama, Washington,
Indiana and Maryland who have used mechanical inventiveness and perserverance to
cope with today's hardships. In farming the land wisely and carefully, they are
surviving.

If the first two phases of agriculture were marked by extremes, Mr. Little said,
perhaps some new form - Agriculture III - may be rising from the old elements.

Mr. Little said "some elements of that more ideal future" might include:

* A return to scientific inquiry by farmers themselves, as opposed to reliance
on advisers. Farmers should write articles in scholarly journals.

* The rewarding of professionalsim in agriculture rather than a reward structure
based on acreage, horsepower or chemicals. And there should be a lower capital
requirement for entry into farming.

* An improved social status for farming. The United States has never gone in for
a peasantry. The farmer-proprietor is not a hayseed, but a middle-class
statesman, as they were called in England, a person of culture, learning and
community responsibility.

* Ultimately, economic stability and independence, of the kind that can be
expected in other professions.

"Dentists, for example, spend a great deal of time getting educated, locating a
practice, buying equipment and setting up shop," Mr. Little said. ''They do this
in the expectation of success. Some fail, of course, but they are not supposed
to. They do not receive a subsidy for not practicing. In the end, should farming
be any different?"

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2014

Lyon county family to be honored at Iowa State Fair

BYLINE: LeRoy Independent staff

LENGTH: 381  words


The Van Regenmorter family of Inwood will be recognized as one of six recipients
of The Way We Live Award at the 2014 Iowa State Fair. The family will be honored
in an award ceremony on Sunday, August 10, at 10:30 a.m. on the Christensen
Farms Stage I the Paul R. Knapp Animal Learning Center. "Nothing Compares" to
the Iowa State Fair, set for August 7-17.

The Way We Live Award recognizes Iowa families for their hard work and love of
farming. The families each exemplify dedication to animal agriculture and strong
farm values. Each entrant was asked to submit a short essay describing how the
occupation of farming and living on a farm has shaped their lives. Six families
were chosen out of 38 entries from a variety of commodities and areas in Iowa.

Chad and Jody Van Regenmorter and their two daughters, Rebecca, 16, and Emily,
13, farm approximately 1,800 acres of corn, soybeans and oats, and manage a
160-sow farrow operation.The farm has been in their family for three generations
beginning in the 1950s when Chad's grandfather began raising poultry. Chad's
father and brother also work on the family farm or at the family-owned service
station.

Active in their community, Chad and Jody have been members of Farm Bureau, the
Corn Growers Association and the Pork Producers Association as well as several
church groups. They have served in many leadership positions on numerous county
and state boards and are active advocates of educational advancements of
agriculture. When their daughters are away from the farm, Rebecca and Emily both
attend West Lyon Community Schools and are active in 4-H. Rebecca also serves on
the county council and participates in FFA. They will both show hogs at this
year's county fair.

The Van Regenmorter family (pictured above, photo courtesy of the Iowa State
Fair) will receive a prize package including $250 cash, Fair tickets, free
parking and recognition in the Paul R. Knapp Animal Learning Center during the
Fair. The Way-We Live Award is sponsored by WHO News Radio 1040 and Tractor
Supply Company. "Nothing Compares" to the 2014 Iowa State Fair, August 7-17. The
Fairgrounds are located at East 30th and East University Avenue, just 10 minutes
east of downtown Des Moines. For more information, call 800/545-FAIR or visit
iowastatefair.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Lyon County Reporter


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Delaware poultry farmer named 2016 Nuffield International Farming Scholar

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: New York



  Dover: Delaware Department of Transport has issued the following news release



 Dover-area poultry farmer Georgie Cartanza is the first United States recipient
of a Nuffield International Scholarship, one of 90 farmers from around the world
to participate in the global agricultural scholarship program.





 Cartanza, who recently began work as poultry extension specialist with the
University of Delaware, will be spending 16 weeks overseas studying farming
technology and production efficiencies.



 She will travel to China, Brazil, Canada, Israel, the United Kingdom, France,
Italy and The Netherlands, learning about topics including production needs,
extreme climates, consumer demands, food safety and organic poultry transitions.




 "There have been many advances in farming and technology over the last 20
years, but we still face challenges to maintain profitability and
sustainability," Cartanza said. "It is critical that we understand new
technology and that it's applied properly. It can be financially devastating for
a farmer to make an investment and not see a return. I want to learn how farmers
in other countries have solved some of these challenges and share that knowledge
with others."



 The Nuffield International Scholarship, supported locally by the Delaware
Department of Agriculture and MidAtlantic Farm Credit, provides participants
with a unique opportunity to research a specific issue in other parts of the
world.



 Past participants have been from the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, New
Zealand, Ireland, France and The Netherlands. Cartanza is the first from the
United States.



 "It's great to have the first American hail from Delaware for this prestigious
program," said Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee. "Georgie Cartanza will
do us all proud with her research and exploration of these issues."



 Kee has assisted with the development of a Nuffield program in the United
States since 2014, and will become president of the Nuffield USA board upon his
retirement in January, an unpaid volunteer position.



 Cartanza has worked with poultry for more than 20 years, including time with
Mountaire and Perdue. She has raised poultry on her farm near Dover for the last
10 years, and has raised organic chickens since April 2015. She began her new
position as UD poultry extension agent on December 1, and will continue to farm.




 Nuffield Scholars participate in a week-long conference in March in Brazil and
then spend six or seven weeks traveling internationally with other scholars,
known as the Global Focus Program. The scholars will visit Washington, D.C., New
York, Brazil, Mexico, Ireland, France and New Zealand. Participants then spend
seven or eight weeks on their individual research projects.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan can benefit from Canadian experience in agriculture: Greg Giokas

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 29

LENGTH: 760  words


Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Greg Giokas, said Pakistan is
agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very low.

Pakistan has a lot of natural resources including vast agricultural and mineral
base. However, it needs structural reforms that is, in education, skill
development and taxation, he said.

The Canadian High Commissioner was addressing the members of English Speaking
Union of Pakistan here.

He said that Pakistan is considered as a middle income country and Canada wants
to see it peaceful, prosperous and progressive.

He said: "Under WTO, we must focus on developing its competency through
trainings and skill development of the manpower especially in agriculture. We
would have to improve our quality , yield and certification of our produce".

He noted that Pakistan government needs due consultations with agriculturists ,
businessmen and other stakeholders including the donor agencies to come with
practical policies for developing and putting agriculture sector on  modern line
assuring high yield for the benefit of the country and its large farming
community.

It needs a comprehensive agriculture policy and its true implementation.

Pakistani businessmen should invest in various sectors mainly in agriculture and
in the associated businesses for the improvement of these sectors along with
making their profits. Investment in agriculture generates more employment than
other sectors.

He underlined the need for women empowerment in Pakistan as they had a great
contribution here in agriculture and dairy farming.

Canadian High Commissioner said that his country has focused on tariff regime.
It had initiated tariff reforms leading to preferential tariffs since 2010 which
will be completed in 2015.

He shared his country's experiences regarding opening of economy and trade
especially with its neighbouring countries.

He informed that majority of Canadian people showed strong negative reaction and
became a controversial issue when Canada signed free trade agreement (FTA) with
United States. However, the result came totally different. It helped generate a
great economic activity in Canada and now we have also huge trade with US.

He  advocated that Pakistan should open its economy particularly for the
neighbours.

" We should find deficiencies and fundamentally review our structural policies
to benefit from the emerging changes on global economic scenario ,"

He suggested that Pakistan should not hesitate in going forward with the Most
Favoured Nation status to India as this would be in the interest of both the
people. The regional trade is being focused in the world and it has proved very
beneficial for all the trading partners.

He said agricultural sector is the most protected sector under WTO. Pakistan has
great potential in agriculture , dairy farming and poultry which can be used for
the development of the farming communities.

" We want to share our experiences to support Pakistan's agriculture," he said
adding that his country had agriculture exports of dollars 47 billion which is
expected to reach dollars fifty billion\ soon. All this because of reducing
subsidies , rationalization of tariffs and research and development ,
involvement of businessmen and consultations with the stakeholders in this
sector besides providing a level playing field to our agriculturists", he said.

Canada exported 14million tonnes of canola last year, he informed.

The Canadian diplomat said he had discussions with Pakistan Government
functionaries especially on agriculture trade between the two countries. That,
the response from Pakistan Government was very positive.

He said Pakistan is agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very
low. Pakistan should also focus on the development of quality seeds and
genetically modified products. You people should have a seed policy.

" It is not possible to feed 18 million through naturally grown crops. Diversity
is needed," he remarked.

He acknowledged that good research has been done in Pakistan under Pakistan's
Agriculture Coalition Programme.

He noted that it is very positive that in Pakistan a chain of fast foods was
growing very fast which would help promote its agriculture.    He said trade
between Canada and Pakistan has been fluctuating.

It was dollars 700million last year and is in favour of his country.

Canada has trade with India up to $6billion and with China it was $70 billion.

Earlier, President English Speaking Union in Pakistan Aziz Memon spoke of the
economic issues of Pakistan especially of trade and sought Canadian support in
different sectors.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           November 16, 2004 Tuesday

Farmers 'real happy' with bumper crops; Yields are high for corn, soybeans

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: National/World; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 422 words


Farmers are harvesting bumper crops this fall, with reports of unprecedented
yields.

Dick Kleis, who farms near Zwingle, Iowa, had a good harvest. His early season
corn yielded 206 to 237 bushels per acre, well above the statewide average.

"We are real happy," he said.

Criss Davis, who farms near Shullsburg, Wis., reported corn yields in the 200
bushel per acre range.

"This has been a phenomenal year," he said. "We had twice the bean yield we had
last year, and the corn crop is just fantastic. So we do have something to be
thankful for in the tri-state area. With the prices that we have, it's good we
have some good yields to take to market."

Prices have weakened as this year's large corn and soybean crops come to market.
A government report released Friday indicated that corn and soybean production
will break all previous records.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that this year's corn crop will be
11.6 billion bushels, up from 10.1 billion bushels in 2003. Yields also hit a
record, averaging 160 bushels per acre and well above last year's record of 142
bushels per acre.

With the exception of Wisconsin, yields in the Corn Belt states are forecast at
record highs.

In Iowa, yields and production were up dramatically from 2003. At 183 bushels
per acre, Iowa topped last year's 157 bushels. Total production climbed 16
percent, to an estimated 2.25 billion bushels.

The Illinois corn crop, at just more than 2 billion bushels, was up 13 percent
from last year. The average yield was up 16 bushels from 2003, to 180 bushels
per acre.

Wisconsin is expected to produce 374 million bushels of corn, an increase from
last year's 368 million. Yields there improved seven bushels against 2003, at
136 bushels per acre.

Total corn use in the United States from 2004-05 is projected at a record 11
billion bushels, up from an expected 10 billion bushels used in 2003-04. Prices
are expected to range from $1.70 to $2.10 per bushel, compared with $2.42 in
2003-04.

American soybean production is forecast at a record 3.15 billion bushels, up 22
percent from 2003's drought-stunted crop. Yields are expected to average a
record high 42.6 bushels per acre, up 8.7 bushels from last year.

Soybean consumption, meanwhile, is forecast to grow about 10 percent from last
year. Producers need strong market demand at home and abroad, said Davis, who is
chairman of the United Soybean Board.

"Clearly we have a window of opportunity in a lot of the world to move
soybeans," Davis said.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 1, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid to Farmers Increased 3.1% in May

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 31


Farmers received 3.1 percent more for their raw products in May than in April,
and 4.7 percent more than in May 1987, the Agriculture Department said today.

''Higher prices for hogs, oranges, soybeans and broilers were partially offset
by lower prices for tomatoes, onions, milk and upland cotton,'' the agency's
Agricultural Statistics Board said in its preliminary report.

Farm commodity prices in May averaged 134 percent of a 1977 base used for
comparison, according to the preliminary figures. The index was 128 a year ago.


Cattle at Post-1979 High

Hog prices reached their highest levels since October, on average, while cattle
brought the highest prices since May 1979. Soybeans posted the largest month-to
month increase in more than four years, 58 cents a bushel, and broilers were up
5.5 cents a pound from April.

According to Agriculture Department economists, farmers' net cash income set a
record of about $57 billion in 1987. This year's net - the difference between
cash receipts and cash expenses - may be in the $50 billion to $55 billion
range.

Consumer food prices are expected to rise 2 percent to 4 percent this year,
compared with a 4.2 percent average increase in 1987.

The preliminary May figures, based mainly on mid-month averages, showed
livestock and poultry prices up 2.7 percent from both April and the previous
May.

Lower Milk and Egg Prices

''Higher prices for hogs, broilers and beef cattle more than offset lower prices
for milk, eggs and calves,'' the Agriculture Department said.

Overall crop prices were up 4.5 percent from April and 7.4 percent from a year
ago.

The price index for oil-bearing crops, which consist mainly of soybeans, was up
7.4 percent from the previous month and 26 percent from May 1987.

Prices paid to commercial vegetable growers decreased 12 percent from April and
11 percent from last year. The department attributed most of the change to lower
prices for tomatoes, onions and sweet corn.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices from Dec. '86-May '88 (source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

Farmers make headway on harvesting their corn

BYLINE: Mike Klein, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Dec. 2--Rainfall and even snow in parts of Minnesota slowed the pace of harvest
last week, but Minnesota's corn harvest is 78 percent complete.

For the week ending Sunday, producers harvested 12 percent of the corn crop,
compared to 23 percent the week before, according to the United States
Department of Agriculture's weekly crop report for Minnesota.

"They've had some good days to wrap things up or get close to finished," said
Lisa Behnken, University of Minnesota Extension crop specialist in the Rochester
area. "There are a lot of bushels out there, and storage space is getting
tight."

The average moisture of corn being harvested was 21 percent, which is 4 points
above the five-year average. Because of that, more drying time has been needed.

Meanwhile, sunflower producers harvested 10 percent of the crop during the week,
bringing statewide progress to 85 percent complete. Also, the soybean crop is
largely harvested.

The week had mild temperatures for late November.

Usually most of the corn is in by now. A cool, wet spring delayed planting this
year.

While some farmers have completed the harvest, others are not completely done,
Behnken said.

A lot of grain is going through the process because of the late harvest, and
much of it is wet and needs to be dried, she said. That's caused equipment
breakdowns and delays.

"There have been instances where elevators had to shut down for a day to take
care of drying, Behnken said. "If they're shut down and there's no place to haul
corn, you're shut down, too."

On the plus side, the mild weather has allowed farmers to till and fertilize
their fields in preparation for next spring's planting, she said. Last year, the
cold and snow came much earlier, cutting down on fall tillage.

Statewide, farmers had 5.2 days suitable for fieldwork last week.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091202-RC-Farmers-make-headway-on-harvesting-their-corn-1202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                    January 17, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

'No reason' for U.S. beef ban: Speller: Talks end without timeline for border to
reopen to cattle

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts

SECTION: News; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 578 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Minister Bob Speller said yesterday there is no longer
any valid reason for the United States to maintain its ban on Canadian beef
exports to the county.

During meetings in Washington, D.C., Mr. Speller told his U.S. counterpart,
Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, that the ongoing border closures were
damaging efforts by both Canada and the U.S. to get bans lifted in other
international markets.

"There is absolutely no reason why the border shouldn't be open," Mr. Speller
said in an interview with CanWest News Service.

"We have farmers and farm families that are suffering. Our guys have been locked
out since last May."'

Ms. Veneman refused to give Mr. Speller a timeline for the re-opening of the
border, but the U.S. and Canada did announce an incremental step towards ending
export bans in both countries.

Ms. Veneman and Mr. Speller will name a team of senior officials to intensify
talks aimed at see cross-border cattle shipments resume.

The panel of officials, which will include representatives from Mexico, will
"co-ordinate the ongoing interagency efforts toward a resumption of exports
based on a harmonized framework."

The U.S. banned live cattle exports from Canada last May following the discovery
of a case of mad-cow disease,

or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), in a single animal from an Alberta
ranch.

Canada, in turn, announced a partial ban on U.S. beef after the discovery of a
single case of mad-cow disease in an animal in Washington state last month.

U.S. plans to lift the ban on Canadian live cattle under 30 months of age were
put on hold after it was discovered the Washington state cow had been imported
from from an Alberta dairy farm in 2001.

The two nations are now struggling to settle on standardized regulations for
feed safety and animal inspections that would meet international demands.

Both Mr. Speller and Ms. Veneman acknowledged the difficulty Canada and the U.S.
face in convincing international trading partners that North American beef is
safe when there are existing bans within the continent itself.

"This is what I argued today in our meetings. I said we need to co-ordinate our
response to this," Mr. Speller said.

"That is why we appointed a high-level group, to do exactly that."

A period of public comment on proposed U.S. rules that would allow the
resumption of Canadian exports ended Jan. 5. But Mr. Speller said the U.S. wants
more time to "allow further ideas from people" because of the Canadian link to
the U.S. mad-cow case.

"I got assurances (from Ms. Veneman) that the period of time would not be long
and she would make a decision as expediently as she can."

Ms. Veneman said "the issue of trade is very complex" and said the U.S. and
Canada need "better international guidance" of BSE safety standards before the
the borders would re-open.

Canada wants the U.S. to agree to a broader ban on animal feed that includes
specified risk materials -- like brain and spinal cord matter. The two nations
prohibited the feeding of ruminant products to cattle in 1997, but the ban does
not extend to other animals.

Little progress was made on the issue in yesterday's meetings because Ms.
Veneman's department does not regulate animal feed in the U.S.

The U.S. beef industry has lost up to $30 million U.S. a day since the discovery
of BSE in Washington. Canada has lost at least $1.9 billion Cdn since its mad
cow case was reported May 20.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 16, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Commodities;
Soviet Able To Dictate Grain Price

BYLINE: By H.J. Maidenberg

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 818 words


Just as large debtors often end up giving terms to their bankers, the
grain-deficient Soviet Union last week found itself in a position to dictate the
prices that corn, wheat and soybean producers in the United States will receive
for their crops.

This came about after the Department of Agriculture made a forecast Wednesday of
record grain and soybean crops this season. The news, not wholly unexpected in
the commodity markets, unfolded as farmers were burdened by large unsold
surpluses from past harvests.

The record crops were projected after the Soviet leaders - potentially the
biggest customers for American grain and oilseeds - conceded that they faced
their fourth dismal harvests in a row but still showed little interest in
signing a long-term sales contract.

''The Soviet leaders are being coy and are letting us swing in the air while our
farm prices crash under the pressure of surpluses that we haven't seen in 30
years,'' said John A. Schnittker, head of a large Washington agribusiness
consulting firm bearing his name. ''And if they do sign any agreement, it
probably will be for only a year after the current one expires this Sept. 30.''
President Reagan has said the United States would agree to only a one-year deal,
but many farm analysts consider that as only a bargaining position.

Mr. Schnittker predicted that, as bad as the American farmer's plight has been,
it will be much worse in the 1983-84 crop year because of the soaring inventory
of unsold grains and soybeans. Even if the next crops are average or below
average in size, the surpluses will prevent prices from rising next season, Mr.
Schnittker said, unless the Soviet Union, China or India increase purchases
substantially.

But, barring some unforeseen worldwide agriculture catastrophe, such purchases
are considered highly unlikely, he continued, noting: ''We have become residual
suppliers to the Soviets since President Carter imposed an embargo on exports to
them following their military intervention in Afghanistan in December 1979. When
President Reagan lifted the embargo in the spring of 1981, the Soviets had
already turned to Argentina for large amounts of grain and soybeans and to
Brazil for bean oil and meal under five-year contracts.''

More recently, the Canadian Government granted the Soviet Union $1 billion in
credit, which should enable Moscow to buy about a third of that country's wheat
and barley crops this season.

Mr. Schnittker observed that in 1981 the Soviet Union said it produced grain
crops totaling 175 million metric tons, although some experts put the figure at
155 million. ''In any case, they imported 46 million tons, of which 14 million
came from this country,'' he said. ''Now the Soviet leaders speak of a crop of
170 million tons, but with some belt tightening and some adjustments in
livestock rations, we think they will need to import 40 million tons this
season.''

Mr. Schnittker said the Reagan's Administration's ''confused farm policy has
been aimed primarily at curbing production.'' Last January, for example, the
Administration announced a program under which farmers would have to idle 15
percent of wheat acreage and 10 percent of corn acreage to be eligible for
various Federal subsidy programs.

Farmers were allowed to base their reductions on the maximum acreage ever sown
on their land. Still, only 40 percent of the wheat farmers complied; the rate
among corn growers was half that. The general theory among farm analysts was
that most farmers had expected greatly increased sales to Moscow this season.

Richard A. Loewy, grain and oilseeds analyst at Bache Halsey Stuart Shields
Inc., held that the mounting surpluses, poor export outlook and low level of
compliance with the land set-aside program could be expected to put further
pressure on prices. He made the comments during an interview after Friday's
market close.

''Despite the fact that the markets took the crop projections in stride this
week, we expect to see $2 corn, the current $3.30 floor in wheat broken and
soybeans dropped to its loan level of $5.02,'' Mr. Loewy said, pointing out:
''Corn and wheat prices are currently below the levels that farmers can get
under the loan program. Because grain prices tend to stabilize soybeans, this
could also cause a free fall in beans.''

Last Friday in Chicago, spot September corn futures closed at $2.27 1/4 a
bushel, down 14 3/4 cents on the week. The spot September wheat contract slipped
3 cents, to $3.40 1/2, and the spot August soybean futures plunged 27 1/2 cents,
to $5.64 1/2 a bushel. Each one-cent move in grains and soybeans represents $50
for each contract of 5,000 bushels.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Duncan Banner (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 22, 2016 Friday

OFB speaks to locals about SQ 777

BYLINE: Linda Provost, The Duncan Banner, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


July 22--A representative from the Oklahoma Farm Bureau spoke to the Duncan Noon
Lions Club about why the OFB was in favor of State Question 777 passing in
November.

Mark Yates, Director of Field Operations for Public Policy, said he was not only
representing OFB but also a group called Oklahoma Farmers Care, a collation of
many of the agriculture groups in Oklahoma.

"I get asked all the time, 'The right to farm? I don't get it, don't we have the
right to farm today? So why is this necessary?'" he said. "Farmers and ranchers
are asking for a Constitutional guarantee to do what they do today. What we have
in place today in Oklahoma -- the farming and ranching practices that are
employed today, the technologies that are being used today and all the
regulations that go along with it -- we are asking to keep it that way. Allow us
to operate how we operate today into the future."

While there have been no regulations against current farm practices, many people
are thinking ahead.

"This is a proactive approach -- it is based on what we are seeing around the
nation and what is happening in agriculture," Yates said. "There are groups
around our nation that are really putting restraints and attacking agriculture
and trying to pull production methods off the table."

Yates gave an example about an egg production bill passed in California backed
by the Humane Society of the United States (HSUS)

"HSUS -- which is not to be confused with your local Humane Society or animal
shelter -- Humane Society of the United States is a national organization for
animal rights activism," he said.

In 2008 in California, a bill was passed changing the allowable sizes of chicken
cages. Yates said when farmers could not pay for the upgrade, they reduced the
number of chickens in the cages to comply with the size changes.

"What we saw after this went into effect was that egg production dropped
dramatically around 50 percent,"  he said, "and the price of eggs immediately
shot up."

While California tried to make up for the loss, Yates said bills like that were
not helpful to the producers.

"We in agriculture call it 'feel good legislation.' It's not based on research,
science and fact, it's just 'we don't feel good' about a production method," he
said. "The farming and ranching practices we use today in Oklahoma and across
the nation are researched by The Noble Foundation, Oklahoma State University,
Texas A&M, Prude, and what we are asking is, 'Look, until proven otherwise, let
the research, science and facts put out there keep (farmers) using these
(methods).'"

Yates said one of the main oppositions against the SQ777 revolves around people
arguing the measure "empowers corporate farming," and that land will be bought
up by large scale producers and overseas buyers.

"Oklahoma Farm Bureau membership is a little over 95,000. They're not corporate
farmers, they are family owned and operated," he said. "They do not want more
competition coming to our state, 98 percent of all the farms and ranches owned
in Oklahoma are family owned and operated and we want to keep it that way. This
does not empower or give corporations more power to come in and take (over)."

Yates also said it was not a deregulation of agriculture.

"It is not a deregulation of agriculture and more regulation can be imposed in
the future," he said. "Future legislation and future regulation upon agriculture
needs to be in the best interest of Oklahoma and not 'feel good legislation'
just based on emotion and feelings."

___ (c)2016 The Duncan Banner (Duncan, Okla.) Visit The Duncan Banner (Duncan,
Okla.) at www.duncanbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160722-DJ-OFB-speaks-to-locals-about-SQ-777-20160722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DJ


                        Copyright 2016 The Duncan Banner


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            January 31, 2014 Friday

Pakistan can benefit from Canadian experience in agriculture'

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 29

LENGTH: 755  words


Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Greg Giokas said Pakistan is an
agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very low.

Pakistan has a lot of natural resources including vast agricultural and mineral
base. However, it needs structural reforms that is, in education, skill
development and taxation, he said.

The Canadian high commissioner was addressing the members of English Speaking
Union in Pakistan.

He said that Pakistan is considered as a middle-income country and Canada wants
to see it peaceful, prosperous and progressive.

He said, "Under WTO, we must focus on developing its competency through
trainings and skill development of the manpower especially in agriculture. We
would have to improve our quality, yield and certification of our produce."

He noted that Pakistan government needs due consultations with agriculturists,
businessmen and other stakeholders including the donor agencies to come with
practical policies for developing and putting agriculture sector on modern line
assuring high yield for the benefit of the country and its large farming
community.

It needs a comprehensive agriculture policy and its true implementation.

Pakistani businessmen should invest in various sectors mainly in agriculture and
in the associated businesses for the improvement of these sectors along with
making their profits. Investment in agriculture generates more employment than
other sectors.

He underlined the need for women empowerment in Pakistan as they had a great
contribution here in agriculture and dairy farming.

The Canadian high commissioner said that his country has focused on tariff
regime. It had initiated tariff reforms leading to preferential tariffs since
2010, which will be completed in 2015.

He shared his country's experiences regarding opening of economy and trade
especially with its neighbouring countries.

He informed that majority of Canadian people showed strong negative reaction and
became a controversial issue when Canada signed Free Trade Agreement with United
States. However, the result came totally different. It helped generate a great
economic activity in Canada and now we have also huge trade with US.

He advocated that Pakistan should open its economy particularly for the
neighbours.

"We should find deficiencies and fundamentally review our structural policies to
benefit from the emerging changes on global economic scenario," he said.

He suggested that Pakistan should not hesitate in going forward with the Most
Favoured Nation status to India as this would be in the interest of both the
people. The regional trade is being focused in the world and it has proved very
beneficial for all the trading partners.

He said agricultural sector is the most protected sector under WTO. Pakistan has
great potential in agriculture, dairy farming and poultry, which can be used for
the development of the farming communities.

"We want to share our experiences to support Pakistan's agriculture," he said
adding that his country had agriculture exports of $47 billion which is expected
to reach $50 billion soon.

All this because of reducing subsidies, rationalization of tariffs and research
and development, involvement of businessmen and consultations with the
stakeholders in this sector besides providing a level playing field to our
agriculturists," he said.

Canada exported 14 million tonnes of cannula last year, he informed.

The Canadian diplomat said he had discussions with Pakistan government
functionaries especially on agriculture trade between the two countries. That,
the response from Pakistan government was very positive.

He said Pakistan is agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very
low. Pakistan should also focus on the development of quality seeds and
genetically modified products. You people should have a seed policy.

"It is not possible to feed 18 million through naturally grown crops. Diversity
is needed," he remarked.

He acknowledged that good research has been done in Pakistan under Pakistan's
Agriculture Coalition Programme.

He noted that it is very positive that in Pakistan a chain of fast foods was
growing very fast which would help promote its agriculture.

He said trade between Canada and Pakistan has been fluctuating. It was $700
million last year and is in favour of his country. Canada has trade with India
up to $6 billion and with China it was $70 billion.

Earlier, English Speaking Union in Pakistan President Aziz Memon spoke of the
economic issues of Pakistan especially of trade and sought Canadian support in
different sectors.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          February 14, 2004, Saturday

FARMING BRIEFS:

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 186 words


o A $ 4.4 million (pounds 2.4 million) campaign to promote potatoes as part of a
healthy diet has been announced by the United States Potato Board. The USPB
campaign comes at a time of sluggish demand for potatoes and potato products.

o IRISH Minister for Agriculture and Food, Joe Walsh, has announced the
introduction of a Scheme of Grant Assistance towards the purchase and
installation costs of mechanical carcase grading machines for use in the
country's beef industry.

o A fire at a farm in North Yorkshire has claimed 800 pigs, say firefighters,
who were called to Lower Dunsforth, near Boroughbridge, on Sunday.

o THE Farmers' Union of Wales has called on politicians to look into the
possibility of setting up an emergency fund to assist businesses that cannot
obtain insurance cover against natural disasters.

o THIRTY bulls and 30 females are entered for the fifth annual open show of
Belgian Blue calves in Borderway Mart, Carlisle, on Wednesday, February 25, 2004
(noon).

o IF you are thinking of trimming your hedgerows, now is the perfect time, says
the RSPB Northern Ireland.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited

                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Lafayette Nicollet Ledger (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 16, 2010

Farmers on track for record harvest

BYLINE: Lafayette Nicollet Ledger staff

LENGTH: 201  words


U.S. farmers are on pace to produce the largest corn and soybean crops in
history, according to the Crop Production report released today by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

Corn production is forecast at 13.4 billion bushels and soybean production at
3.43 billion bushels, both up 2 percent from the previous records set in 2009.
Based on conditions as of August 1, corn yields are expected to average a
record-high 165 bushels per acre, up 0.3 bushel from last year's previous
record. Soybean yields are expected to equal last year's record of 44 bushels
per acre.

Cotton production is expected to jump 52 percent from last year, to 18.5 million
480-pound bales. Average yield is forecast at 837 pounds per harvested acre, up
60 pounds from last year.

The August Crop Production report contains USDA's first survey-based estimates
of yield and production for corn, soybeans and other spring-planted row crops.
Between July 25 and August 6, NASS surveyed approximately 27, 000 producers and
also took objective field measurements in the major crop-producing states. Crop
Production is published monthly and is available online at
http://www.nass.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAF

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2010 Lafayette Nicollet Ledger

                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Kalona News (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 1, 2010

Workshop attracts big crowd to learn about cover crops

BYLINE: The Leopold Center

LENGTH: 629  words


The Leopold Center If turnout at the annual workshop of the Midwest Cover Crops
Council is any indication, the use of cover crops could be on the rise. More
than 120 people from 13 states and provinces attended the March 3 event and
nearly half were farmers, some who had never used cover crops in their
operation. The workshop was hosted by the Leopold Center for Sustainable
Agriculture, the USDA's National Laboratory for Agriculture and the Environment
in Ames, Practical Farmers of Iowa and the USDA's Sustainable Agriculture and
Research Education (SARE) program.

Participants were as varied as the practices used in cover cropping. They
included large cash-grain farmers, livestock producers and graziers, as well as
farmers growing vegetables on very small farms. So it was with keen interest
that they listened to both researchers present some of the latest findings on
these practices, and farmers share their practical experiences with managing
cover crops, which included mixing cover crop seed with manure slurry applied to
fields, modifying equipment, and tracking the many benefits of using cover
crops.

Southeast Iowa farmer Steve Berger planted 1,000 acres of rye on his farm in
2007, and says that it works well with no-till operations to prevent soil
erosion and encourage root growth.

"We get a tremendous root system out of rye and the corn roots follow them
down," Berger said. "If you get those corn roots to go down just one foot more,
that's two inches more of available moisture and in some years two inches is a
big deal."

In western Iowa, Ron Ros-mann of Harlan uses cover crops for organic
certification in his 600-acre diversified operation. Most recently, cover crops
such as buckwheat provide additional forage for his livestock herd, half of
which is pasture-fed. Besides providing ground cover, Rosmann said cover crops
sequester carbon, provide nutrients for the next crop and have increased soil
organic matter and soil quality since he started planting cover crops in 1984.

Another convincing recommendation came from Gary Guthrie, who converted two
acres of his family's corn-soybean farm in Story County into a garden that
supplies a 74-member Community Supported Agriculture operation. "When I started
farming in 1998, I could not have imagined how productive my soil could be," he
said. "Cover crops have been the key to soil building, and disease and weed
control."

Guthrie said at first he could expect a 300 square-foot bed to produce about 100
pounds of carrots. However, as soil quality increases he also has increased
production, and under the right conditions some beds have produced more than 450
pounds of carrots.

USDA plant physiologist Tom Kaspar helped organize the workshop and said he was
pleased with the interest. He says that the most valuable part was the
opportunity for farmers, extension educators, researchers and agency personnel
to discuss cover crops and ask questions. "Cover crops are a long-term
investment and require a different approach in an operation," he said. "People
are

more at ease asking questions and there's a lot we can learn from one another."

The Midwest Cover Crops Council has been gathering research-based information
and experiential data from farmers over the past two growing seasons for a new
web-based Cover Crop Decision Tool. The tool, to be launched later this year,
will help users determine appropriate crops, planting times and other practices
based on their needs and geographic area. Information from the workshop will be
available on the council's web site: www.mccc.msu. edu

The Leopold Center, PFI and USDA-ARS coordinate the Iowa Cover Crops Working
Group, which works with the Midwest Cover Crops Council and the Green Lands,
Blue Water initiative to improve water and soil quality

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KAL

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 The Kalona News

                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Stop pork from becoming easy meat

BYLINE: Shenggen Fant

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 466 words


Pork is an important part of the Chinese diet and economy and is likely to
remain so in the foreseeable future given the increasing demand for meat because
of rising incomes and urbanization. As the largest producer and consumer of
pork, China accounts for half of the world's pork production and consumption.

In the coming decade, China's total pork production and consumption is projected
to increase by a little over 20 percent based on new figures from the United
States Department of Agriculture. While the increasing appetite for other meats,
especially poultry, in China is expected to slow down the growth in pork
consumption, its dominant position in the Chinese diet will remain intact for
some time to come. In per person terms, the consumption of pork is projected to
rise three times more than that of poultry and seven times more than that of
beef.

The structure of pig farming in China has been changing rapidly as part of the
larger transformation of agriculture. There is a growing shift away from
small-scale backyard farming to specialized and large-scale commercial farming.
Rising production costs (due mainly to higher feed costs), greater demand for
food safety (due to more outbreaks of animal disease and use of unsafe feed
additives), shrinking farm workforce (due to faster rural-urban migration) and
government policies to promote large commercial farms are some of the key
factors responsible for the rapidly vanishing small pig farms.

Since 2007, government policy has favored large-scale pig production as a way of
improving food safety and quality by providing grants and subsidies to large pig
farms. These policies need to be re-evaluated. Many of these changes have led to
increasing volatility of supply and prices in China's pork industry.

In the last few years, rising pork prices have been a major driver of food
inflation in the country. But now a declining price trend has begun to emerge.
Based on official data, pork prices in March 2014 fell by close to 7 percent
year-on-year, though food price inflation rose by about 4 percent. The recent
fall in prices has been widely attributed to consolidation in China's pork
industry leading to cycles of rapid expansion in pork production. This periodic
excess supply of pork can lead to a vicious cycle of reduced employment,
production and profitability in the industry.

The transition from small to large pig farms should be a natural economic
process. Small farms still have an important role to play in stabilizing China's
pork production, and equally importantly in providing employment and income for
many poor people in rural areas who will not be able to move out of the
agricultural sector, at least not in the near future. This is especially true of
farms in the central and western regions of China.


LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved

                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 17, 2006 Sunday

Definition of 'specialty crops' grows;
Rules clarify that canned, frozen and bottled products will now be eligible for
millions of dollars in federal funds

BYLINE: Michael Doyle, THE FRESNO BEE

SECTION: Pg. F4

LENGTH: 587 words


Score one for California wineries and Central Valley food processors.

Their canned, frozen and bottled products will now be eligible for millions of
dollars in federal funds devoted to promoting "specialty crops." That's a
bottom-line victory, following a peculiar bureaucratic battle whose origins
remain a tad murky.

Earlier this month, the Agriculture Department spelled out the rules for how the
specialty crop block grant funds can be spent. Some $7 million will be provided
in 2006 with California taking the largest share.

It's a relatively small amount, compared with the traditional crop subsidies
spanning hundreds of millions of dollars annually for cotton, rice, wheat and
corn growers.

Nonetheless, the new specialty crop block grant program has been treasured by
fruit and vegetable growers who complain they've been shortchanged in federal
farm bills.

"California specialty crop growers compete daily against foreign growers who are
heavily subsidized and face comparatively less environmental regulation,"
California Women for Agriculture President Mary Ann Graff advised the
Agriculture Department.

Urged on by then-Rep. Doug Ose, R-Sacramento, Congress approved the new
specialty crop block grant program in 2004.

Up to $44.5 million in annual funding is supposed to help increase fruit,
vegetable and nut consumption and improve the "competitiveness" of U.S.
producers.

"Significant federal investment ... is absolutely essential to fostering the
future of American agriculture," Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Merced, and 17 other
House members advised the Agriculture Department.

To spread the political benefits, lawmakers ensured that each state receives at
least $100,000. The rest of the money is divided according to a state's share of
specialty crop production, which is golden for California.

Last April, though, the Agriculture Department threatened to split the
agriculture industry by proposing that "fresh specialty crop projects" enjoy
priority in funding. That stunned some.

"The department's emphasis should be promoting a well-rounded nutritious diet
for all Americans and not singling out one category of fruits and vegetables,"
urged Dennis Balint, chief executive officer of the California Walnut
Commission.

Seventy other farm organizations, ranging from the Valley Fig Growers to the
California Tomato Growers Association, submitted similar public comments
opposing the proposal. Many of the written comments carried identical wording, a
sign of an orchestrated campaign.

"These comments have merit," the Agriculture Department now concedes.

"The (2004 law) does not restrict the term specialty crops to only fresh
commodities and, as such, both fresh and processed specialty crop producers
would benefit from the block grants provided for in this program."

That original proposal prompted worries among farm groups hoping to maintain a
united political front going into the 2007 farm bill debate; it was never really
clear whose fingerprints were on the original proposal.

In the rules made final this week, the Agriculture Department emphasized that
the grants are supposed to aid only crops grown in the United States.

Officials also offered a broad definition of eligible programs, including
everything from consumer ad campaigns to research and environmental
conservation.

Some organizations, for instance, had hoped the rules would specify that
products including lavender, ginger root, coffee and seaweed are all eligible
for funding. Department officials said they would leave those details to later.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Land (Mankato, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 19, 2010 Tuesday

MFBF President Kevin Paap talks modern ag, promotes a positive message

BYLINE: Dick Hagen, The Land, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1084 words


Jan. 19--"The No. 1 issue of agriculture is our shrinking margins. Profitability
keeps declining. The livestock sector has endured negative margins for two
years."

That's Kevin Paap talking. As president of the Minnesota Farm Bureau Federation,
he's on the banquet circuit much of the winter season speaking up for
agriculture.

Interviewed at the December meeting of the Minnesota Lamb and Wool Growers in
Alexandria, close behind in his assessment of agricultural challenges is the
growing impact of rules and regulations. "Unfortunately we're seeing more
regulations, more controls thrown into the hopper. This cap and trade talk very
definitely will boost the costs of farming, and even the costs of living for
virtually everyone."

He sees more permit requirements facing farmers and more challenges against
pesticides relevant to clean water issues. Right along with these concerns is
the growing "voice" of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals and
Humane Society of the United States in more states.

"We've got to let science rule the day rather than emotion. And we need to put a
stronger, more recognizable face on agriculture. We have the science to support
us but we've got to reconnect with the consumers," Paap said, pointing out that
more and more consumers are getting further removed from agriculture and where
the food chain originates.

How food is produced, how animals are cared for before food gets on the dinner
plate is a growing disconnect for agriculture, Paap believes, proclaiming that
farmers and farm organization such as the Minnesota Farm Bureau and Minnesota
Farmers Union need to both educate and engage consumers.

"We need to understand why they (consumers) think like they think. We need to
understand their concerns. And then we need to address those issues with science
to back up our actions," he said.

How does agriculture get positive attention? Anyway we can, Paap said.

Often that can mean expensive promotion and education campaigns on television
and other media outlets. But it can also be personalized. Farmers making class
visits to local schools to talk about agriculture is education at its best. He
even suggested the holiday mailing of Christmas cards by farm families to their
"city cousins" should carry special messages about farming and what's going on
in agriculture.

"But face-to-face is the very best way. People don't often take advice from
people they don't know but they will and do appreciate listening to farmers
telling their story of where and how the food chain starts in America," Paap
said. His point being that all producers need to truly become advocates for
agriculture saying that is a primary mission statement of the Farm Bureau.

"Just producing the product whether it be a bushel of corn, a gallon of milk or
a pound of bacon doesn't cut it. If we produce it, it should be our inherent
responsibility to speak up for agriculture. We need to be more positive and more
proactive and less reactive."

He recognizes the impact the global recession is having on American agriculture,
especially the slow down in exports of agricultural products.

"We grow more than we can use thus export markets are key to economic well
being. We need to remember that 95 percent of the world's people don't live in
the United States. Over 1 billion people go to bed hungry every night."

But it's a competitive market out there. "I know Minnesota is in competition
with other states and countries to build trade. When ag commissioner Gene
Hugoson returned from a recent trade mission to Brazil and Chile he commented
how eager these two countries also are to claim a bigger portion of global
commodity markets."

Paap emphasizes that the last thing agriculture needs is being divisive. "There
simply aren't enough of us left in agriculture to get it done unless we're all
working together. That means getting all stakeholders at the table so that
everyone understands that we can produce both food and fuel while providing feed
for our livestock industry too. Today we're producing more corn on fewer acres
with less inputs than we were 20 years ago and I see that trend continuing."

He also sees a growing spirit of cooperation between the Farm Bureau and the
Farmer's Union. "In my opinion probably 80 percent of the issues we work on
we're there hand-in-hand. Granted there likely will always be certain issues we
won't agree upon simply because these are policy driven by our membership."

Acknowledging that membership is the lifeblood of Farm Bureau, Paap said there
has been positive membership growth for the Minnesota Farm Bureau the past two
years. He refers to membership as the "eyes and the ears" of the pulse of
agriculture. With a shrinking base (fewer farmers) he points out that
agriculture needs voice from more than just farmers who produce but also
processors, food manufacturers, transportation firms and others.

"I've heard Gov. Pawlenty talk of the 367,000 jobs represented by Minnesota's
agriculture and food industry. That's one of every five Minnesota jobs so policy
makers at both the state and national level need to understand the competitive
pressure of policy decisions that affect how we run our businesses."

Explaining the importance of speaking up, Paap often says, "If you're not on the
table, you'll be on the menu." That's one reason why he endorses the efforts of
the Minnesota Farm & Food Coalition sharing the total story of the various
participants that make up America's amazing food chain industry.

He gives tremendous credit to farmers for their productive capacity and their
willingness to adopt new science, new technologies helping them do even better.
"However, we can't say we're doing a perfect job now because down the road we
know we can do even better. GPS technologies are helping us tremendously in
doing a better job of farming. If someone just a few years ago would have told
me I would be in the field with my tractor that is steering itself while I'm on
my Blackberry sharing a message with an elected official in Washington, D.C., I
would have said you're nuts. But that's agriculture today," Paap said.

To see more of The Land or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thelandonline.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Land, Mankato, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100119-XB-MODERN-AGRICULTURE-20100119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XB


                                 Copyright 2010

                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              February 11, 1995, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Sugar-products dispute spurs call for trade talks

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 266 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - Worried about U.S. measures to keep out many Canadian sugar
products, the federal government is seeking formal consultations with the United
States under the North American Free Trade Agreement.

"We have concerns with a number of measures taken by the United States which
have reduced Canada's access to the U.S. market for sugar and sugar-containing
products," Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale said in a news release.

"We are therefore availing ourselves of the NAFTA provisions to consult with the
United States in this regard."

Goodale was joined by International Trade Minister Roy McLaren in the
announcement, underscoring the high-level interest in the issue.

Canadian and U.S. officials held fruitless talks earlier over the dispute, which
involves refined sugar and sugar-containing products such as crystal drink
mixes, iced tea and sweetened cocoa mixes.

The U.S. government imposed new definitions and classifications for
sugar-containing products Jan. 1, creating barriers for items previously
unaffected by restrictions. New quotas for refined sugar are also slated to be
implemented Oct. 1.

The Canadian sugar industry has said the U.S. restrictions could affect 1,700
jobs in the Canadian production of sugar-containing products.

New quotas on Canadian refined sugar would mean a cut of 150,000 tonnes or 14
per cent in production, costing an estimated $135 million in annual exports.

The closing of just one refinery would eliminate about 700 jobs.

Canada buys raw cane sugar on the world market to make refined sugar products.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            April 20, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Some Florida Farms Turn Over New Leaf

BYLINE: WILL RODGERS, wjrodgers@tampatrib.com

SECTION: MONEYSENSE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 992 words

DATELINE: WIMAUMA


Organic farming isn't a big piece of Florida agriculture, but it's growing
rapidly to meet consumer demand.

By WILL RODGERS

wjrodgers@tampatrib.com

WIMAUMA - Kathy Oliver reaches down and plucks the flower off a basil plant
growing at My Mother's Garden Inc., a certified organic farm she operates with
her sister and husband.

"The herbs actually do better if you pinch them back," she said.

Pinching flowers is just a small part of the intensive manual labor Oliver and
her family put into growing organic herbs, spices, flowers and vegetables.
Growing food without artificial pesticides, fungicides and herbicides requires
more hands-on work - watering by hand, pulling weeds and picking off bugs - than
conventional farming.

It's labor Oliver, 45, loves.

"I think I will always be growing something out here," she said. "I don't know
if I'll always be doing it as a business. I like growing my own food."

My Mother's Garden received its first certification as organic in 2001. Six of
the family's 90 acres, at 3819 County Road 579 S., Wimauma, are certified, she
said. Much of the rest is open land or has homes on it.

Oliver is one of an increasing number of Florida growers turning to organic
farming. It is the fastest-growing sector, by percentage, of the state's
agriculture industry. Organic farming has increased in revenue about 20 percent
each year, although no agency officially tracks organic agribusiness sales in
Florida, said Mickie Swisher, an associate professor and director of the Center
for Organic Agriculture at the University of Florida.

Nearly 13,000 acres in Florida were devoted to organic operations in 2003, the
latest year available from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The annual market in the United States for organic products is about $15
billion, accounting for much of the total international demand of $23 billion,
said Holly Givens, communications director of the Organic Trade Association.

Swisher and other agriculture experts think organic farming will continue
expanding in Florida because the demand is growing and already outstrips supply.

Organic generally refers to food grown without man-made pesticides and
herbicides. That's different from natural food, which has no artificial
additives, preservatives or coloring but could be grown by more conventional
farming methods.

The expansion is breathing life into agriculture's future in Florida, where
farming has taken hits from weak pricing and other hardships.

Organic farming, however, commands an average 25 percent premium on products
because of the amount of work that goes into producing it. Still, there's no
guarantee of making a fortune. Oliver said her organic business is growing
slower than the family expected.

"We've learned to live a lot more simply than we used to," said Oliver, who did
not disclose the operation's annual revenue. "But it's not just the money."

Protecting the ecosystem from man-made chemicals is important to Oliver, who
holds a degree in wildlife ecology from the University of Florida.

Experts say the switch to organic farming might slow the pace of farm acreage
being turned into subdivisions and shopping centers. But it won't stop it.

"If you have a farmer who really wants to hang on to that land and keep it in
agriculture and not just sell, organic farming is one way they can make it,"
Swisher said. "But on pen and paper, I'm sure you come out ahead with
development every time."

For some, the bottom line is keeping man-made chemicals out of the state's soil
and water. They think organic is better for the environment and the health of
Florida residents and visitors.

That point of view is held by Marty Mesh, executive director of Florida Organic
Growers, the Gainesville-based nonprofit group that certifies Florida farms and
processes as organic.

Mesh encourages farmers to switch to organic to help meet consumer demand. He
also advocates to have Florida public schools buy from local organic farms for
student lunches.

"We're restoring the Everglades. Certainly part of the problem was dredging,
etc., but part of the problem also was nutrient overload," Mesh said. "If we
were farming more organically, then we wouldn't have that problem.

Ray Gilmer, a spokesman for the Florida Fruit and Vegetable Association, said
organic farming is a tough sell to growers. Florida is crawling with bugs, and
the land is arid. He said fewer than 10 of his association's 500 members have
full or partial organic operations.

Land is relatively cheap, and chemicals are readily available to manage crops,
he said. That has made it a losing proposition for farmers to switch to the more
labor-intensive organic farming.

But with the labor pool dwindling and the spread of diseases such as citrus
canker and citrus greening, some citrus nurseries are considering moving their
operations into greenhouses, which might make going organic more likely, Gilmer
said.

(CHART) IT'S A GROWING THING

The number of Certified Organic Operations in Florida has increased:

2000: 68

2001: 90

2002: 81

2003: 99

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

Information from Tribune archives was used in this report. Reporter Will Rodgers
can be reached at (813) 259-7870.

Photo credit: Tribune photos by KATHY MOORE

Photo: Kathy Oliver transplants lemon-rose scented geraniums at My Mother's
Garden, an organic operation on Sandsfoot Farm in Wimauma. She, her husband and
a sister grows organic herbs, vegetables, fruit and plants.

Photo: Six of 90 acres at Sandsfoot Farm were certified organic in 2001. The
U.S. Department of Agriculture says nearly 13,000 acres in Florida were organic
in 2003.

Photo credit: Tribune photos by KATHY MOORE

Photo: The fruit, vegetables and herbs from My Mother's Garden, part of
Sandsfoot Farm in Wimauma, are certified as organic. Organic farming is the
fastest-growing sector, by percentage, of the state's agriculture industry.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 5 CHART
WIMAUMA - Kathy Oliver reaches down and plucks the flower off a basil plant
growing at My Mother's Garden Inc., a certified organic farm she operates with
her sister and husband.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 24, 2004, Saturday

PRICES GLOOM IN US

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 159 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture paints a bullish picture for US beef
prices in the third and fourth quarter of 2004, according to the latest report
on corn production and usage.

Corn prices are forecast to range between US$ 2.35-US$ 2.55/bushel (pounds
1.32-pounds 1.43/bushel) for the 2003/04 marketing year (October 2003 to
September 2004), up from US$ 2.32 (pounds 1.30) from the 2002/03 marketing year.

Corn prices are expected to continue to increase in 2004.

The price rise forecast by the USDA estimates US corn yields of 142.2
bushels/acre for 2004/05, in line with the record yields from 2003/04.

In an environment where world corn stocks are at 30-year lows, small changes in
yields could push prices up further.

Corn is the primary feed for cattle in US feedlots with increases in the corn
price having a direct impact on the costs of US beef production.

* A bushel is equal to eight Imperial gallons.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited

                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday

Empower farmers with full land rights

BYLINE: Zheng Yangpeng

LENGTH: 730  words


Reform of ownership is needed to unleash all the benefits of agriculture

The rural land issue in China rarely makes the headlines, but although it is
largely out of sight, it is a bitterly contested area.

Every suggestion on further liberalizing the rigid system is quickly dismissed
as basically a knee-jerk reaction.

Thus, 37 years after the major reform that allowed Chinese farmers to work the
land on a household basis, progress is limited.

Zou Lixing, vice-president of the research institute under the China Development
Bank, was reluctant to take a stand on the issue. But he has some bold ideas, at
least by the standards of Chinese bureaucracy.

Like most of his peers, he believes that agriculture and farmers are still the
backbone of the economy and society, even though the sector generates just 5.5
percent of GDP.

The country's modernization is unsustainable without the concurrent
modernization of the agricultural sector, he said.

For that reason, he gave his new English-language book the title of China Base:
County-Level Economy and Society.

He forecast that even at the end of this century, agriculture will remain the
economy's pillar by some measures, with this sector employing 20 to 30 percent
of the working population.

"China is not going to be like the United States, where agriculture sector
workers account for just 2 percent of the population. China, with its land
constraints, will not be like the US where large-scale farming prevails," he
said.

That long-term projection leads to his foundational argument: land rights should
belong to the tillers. The "tillers" are not necessarily individual farmers but
also professional planters, farming cooperatives and agricultural corporations.
Whatever they are, they should focus on farming, not real estate development,
for instance.

But while those views seem self-evident elsewhere in the world, they are not the
reality in China. The constitution still defines rural land as "collectively
owned", which in reality, according to Zou, equates to "township government
owned".

Farmers, though having a 30-year contract to plow the small plots assigned by
the government, are not able to transfer, collateralize or sell those plots
freely. In Zou's words, farmers' "usage rights" to the land are hollow. Local
governments retain real control over the land, which they can "expropriate" as
"State-owned construction land" and sell to developers at an astonishing
premium.

The long-term solution, he said, is the "actualization" of tillers' usage
rights. Privatization of the "collectively owned" land remains a political taboo
in this socialist country, but the "usage rights" could be separated from the
"ownership", with its legal status fully enshrined in the laws.

The status, he argued, should at least be equal to "ownership", so that under
this protection farmers can transfer rights to other "tillers" as they wish, as
long as the land is used for farming.

"After getting clearly defined rights to exploit the land, is there somewhere
they can take it?" Zou asked, suggesting that the government has nothing to
fear.

The problem with the "land expropriation" system, he argued, is that land is
sold on a one-off basis, while the State loses the ensuing added-value
permanently.

He said that to better exercise the "ownership" of the State, the central
government should transfer or rent the "usage rights" of the land to developers,
and use the compensation to set up a "national land provision fund".

Meanwhile, a certain portion of land could be demarcated as provincial-and
county-owned land, just like in the United States where federal, state and
county land coexists with private land.

Local governments in China can rely on these lands to set up their own "land
funds", which could openly trade options with the national fund.

"In the old system, all local governments covet State-owned land and they
expropriate the land as much as they can. The new design would allow local
governments to treasure their own land while the national fund serves to ensure
ensuing benefits of the land and also balance regional disparities," he said.

In summary, policymakers should have a long-term vision when making short-term
policy. To modernize the rural sector, empowering the 620 million farmers with
"actual usage rights" is a prerequisite.

Contact the writer at zhengyangpeng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/26/2015 page17)

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             July 8, 1987 Wednesday

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: WOCKNER C

LENGTH: 569 words


corrections Maize hybrid released THE Department of Primary Industries last week
released a new maize hybrid which promises higher returns for growers on the
Atherton Tableland. The new hybrid, Sloan, had 8 percent better grain yield than
QK 958 and 19 percent better than QK 657 in DPI trials. Sloan was developed at
the Kairi Research Station by DPI supervising agronomist, Mr Ian Martin and
district experimentalist, Mr Terry McCarthy. US announces sale THE United States
Department of Agriculture has announced a sale of 10,000 tonnes of steer and
heifer bone-in beef quarters to Venezuela through the US Commodity Credit
Corporation. At a reported sale price of $1500 per tonne, it is a subsidised
sale under the mandate given the USDA by Congress as part of the 1985 Farm Bill.
Herbicide developed RESEARCH scientists at the Alan Fletcher Research Station at
Sherwood have developed a special formulation of Atrazine and 2-4-D sodium salt
as a flowable herbicide. The new formulation known as AF-420 has been registered
for control of parthenium weed and giant sensitive plant in non-crop situations
and for giant sensitive plant control in sugar cane. It is available in 20 litre
drums. Freight charges slammed PEOPLE living in Queensland's rural areas are
unhappy about the new rail freight charges, according to the United Graziers'
Association. The UGA president, Mr Gordon Magoffin, said the new categories in
the schedules were creating major problems for graziers and small business
people. He said the effects of the charges were being felt by those using the
rail services. Donkey seminar THE Donkey Society of Queensland will hold a
seminar at Gatton Agricultural College on Saturday and Sunday. The weekend of
lectures and practical work will cover all aspects of owning and training a
donkey. Lecturers include Dr Terry McEvoy, an authority on conformation and the
mechanics of equine efficiency, and QAC Department of Animal Science head, Dr
Alex Kondos. Inquiries: (071) 460 920. Export film produced A FILM on
horticultural exports has been produced by the Department of Primary Industries.
It is to encourage awareness of the importance of exports in boosting the
national economy. The film, The Bottom Line, was funded partly by the
Commonwealth Innovative Agricultural Marketing Program. Meat production up
AUSTRALIAN Bureau of Statistics figures for May show that 65,096 tonnes of meat
was produced, 2 percent more than April this year and 11 percent more than May
1986. Veal production in May this year was 23 percent less than in April and 24
percent less than May last year. Lamb production was only 1 percent more for May
this year than April and 38 percent more than May 1986. Correct pH "important'
EVERY Queensland grower should understand the importance of pH in producing high
quality plants according to the Department of Primary Industries. It is a
measure of acidity and alkalinity in the soil. The DPI advisor in horticulture,
Mr Dick Franklin, said it was important to maintain the correct pH levels to
ensure healthy plant growth. Rural Youth show camp THE Rural Youth organisation
will hold a Show Camp '87 for young people interested in participating in the
Brisbane Exhibition. The camp will go from August 4-14 and participants will
stay at a motel. They will be involved in the exhibition as judges, stewards,
exhibitors and spectators. Inquiries: 831 4709.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            November 5, 2001, Monday

Live spider found in grapes

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3; NEWS

LENGTH: 110 words


California table grapes may be off the shelves for good after another live black
widow spider was found.

The potentially deadly spider, spotted in a Nelson supermarket, was the fourth
found in a bunch of the grapes this year.

Ministry of Agriculture international operations adviser Justin Downs said the
latest black widow spider find was being taken very seriously.

"We are working with the United States Department of Agriculture to clarify
whether this finding is the result of a system failure," he said.

"Clearly if Import Health Standards protocols have not been followed, we will
need to close the trade in California table grapes."

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand

                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                             May 3, 2001, Thursday

Orange imports worry MP

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 18

LENGTH: 383 words


BLENHEIM-- Green Party MP Ian Ewen- Street says agricultural officials should be
questioning the import of Californian oranges and other American fruit,
including citrus and melons.

The American fruit potentially posed similar risks of carrying a devastating
disease -- and the insect that spreads it -- as the American table grapes which
the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry had blocked from import this winter, he
said.

MAF officials are carrying out a risk analysis for both the grapevine sickness
Pierce's disease and the pest that spreads it, the glassy-winged sharpshooter.

They have suspended imports of Californian table grapes, which would normally
have started later this month.

The wine industry had complained that its $ 2 billion sector was at risk from
the disease and the pest.

An outbreak of Pierce's disease last year wiped out much of the Californian
grape harvest, even though the United States government spent $ US40 million ($
NZ93 million) on eradication and control.

But Mr Ewen-Street, who has just returned from California, said MAF now should
check imports of citrus and watermelons, in which the glassy-winged sharp
shooter could also lay eggs.

He said the sharpshooter was a voracious feeder and could die of starvation
within hours, and its eggs would live only 10-14 days under favourable
conditions.

"Importation by sea should be safe, but air freighting would still constitute a
huge risk," he said.

The Marlborough-based list MP spent time in Temecula, a grapegrowing area
utterly devastated by the disease and insect.

Feeding off the sap of the vines, the insect injects the disease organism, which
spreads through the plant, blocking sap flow and killing it.

There is no known preventative or cure.

Mr Ewen-Street said the Temecula winegrowing region was similar in size to
Marlborough and also boasted thriving citrus orchards. But everywhere he looked
he saw piles of dead grapevines waiting to be burnt.

"As a farmer, it was heartbreaking to see the land like that -- to see them
having to dig up the ground and bulldoze the vines out."

He feared the same thing could happen in New Zealand, if any insects that could
transfer the disease were accidentally imported. --NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand

                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 10, 1990, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Give Soviets credit on grain, U.S. is urged

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


U.S. farming organizations are intensifying pressure on the U.S. government to
grant credits for Soviet grain purchases following reports that Canada has given
Moscow credits on the sale of five million metric tons of wheat and barley.

In a letter to President George Bush, 16 major farm groups warned that ''the
Soviets will not purchase signficant amounts of U.S. grain and other
agricultural products except on credit terms, which the U.S. government
currently is unwilling to grant.''

The Canadian Wheat Board has refused to confirm reports of a major sale and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture has been unable to get confirmation. But traders
in the U.S. report that Moscow last week bought four million metric tons of
Canadian wheat, including feed wheat and Durum, and a million tons of barley.

One U.S. Agriculture official said a team of Soviet agricultural officials
recently visited Washington and then went on to Winnipeg and Ottawa for ''a
courtesy call.'' According to the farm groups, the Soviet officials who visited
Washington threatened to halt purchases unless credit is granted.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.

                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            January 31, 2014 Friday

Pak can benefit from Canadian experience in agriculture: High Comm.

LENGTH: 773  words


Canadian High  Commissioner  to Pakistan Greg Giokas, said Pakistan  is
agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very low.

Pakistan has a lot of natural resources including vast agricultural and mineral
base.  However,  it needs structural reforms that is, in education, skill
development and taxation, he said.

The   Canadian   High Commissioner was addressing the members of English
Speaking Union of Pakistan here.

He said that Pakistan is considered as a middle income   country   and Canada
wants to see it peaceful, prosperous and progressive.

He said: "Under WTO, we must focus on developing    its    competency through
trainings and skill development of the manpower especially in agriculture. We
would have to improve our quality, yield and certification of our produce".

He noted that Pakistan government  needs  due consultations with agriculturists,
businessmen and other stakeholders including the donor agencies to come with
practical policies for developing and putting agriculture sector on modern line
assuring high yield for the benefit of the country and its large farming
community.

It needs a comprehensive agriculture policy and its true implementation.
Pakistani  businessmen should invest in various sectors mainly in agriculture
and in the associated businesses    for    the improvement of these sectors
along with making their profits. Investment in agriculture generates more
employment  than  other sectors.

He underlined the need for women empowerment in Pakistan as they had a great
contribution here in agriculture and dairy farming.

Canadian High Commissioner  said  that his country has focused on tariff regime.

It had initiated tariff reforms leading to preferential tariffs since 2010 which
will be completed in 2015.

He shared his country's experiences    regarding opening of economy and trade
especially with its neighboring countries.

He informed that majority  of  Canadian  people showed  strong  negative
reaction  and  became  a controversial issue when Canada signed free trade
agreement  (FTA)  with United States.

However, the result came totally different. It helped generate a great economic
activity in Canada  and  now  we have also huge trade with US.

He   advocated   that Pakistan should open its economy particularly for the
neighbors.

"We should find deficiencies and fundamentally review our structural policies to
benefit from the emerging changes on global economic scenario," He   suggested
that Pakistan should not hesitate in going forward with the Most Favored Nation
status  to  India  as  this would be in the interest of both  the  people.  The
regional  trade  is  being focused in the world and it has proved very
beneficial for all the trading partners.

He said agricultural sector is the most protected sector   under   WTO.

Pakistan has great potential in agriculture, dairy farming and poultry which can
be used for the development  of  the  farming communities.

"We want to share our experiences  to  support Pakistan's agriculture," he said
adding that his country had agriculture exports of dollars 47 billion which is
expected to reach dollars fifty billion soon. All this because of reducing
subsidies, rationalization of tariffs  and  research  and development,
involvement of businessmen and consultations with the stakeholders  in  this
sector besides providing a level playing field to our agriculturists", he said.
Canada exported 14million tonnes of cannula last year, he informed.

The Canadian diplomat said he had discussions with Pakistan Government
functionaries especially on agriculture trade between the two countries.

That, the response from Pakistan Government was very positive.

He said Pakistan is agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very
low. Pakistan should also focus on the development of quality seeds and
genetically modified products. You people should have a seed policy.

"It is not possible to feed 18 million through naturally grown crops. Diversity
is needed," he remarked.

He acknowledged that good research has been done in Pakistan under Pakistan's
Agriculture Coalition Programme.

He noted that it is very positive that in Pakistan a chain of fast foods was
growing very fast which would help promote its agriculture.

He said trade between Canada and Pakistan has been fluctuating. It was dollars
700million  last year and is in favor of his country. Canada has trade with
India up to $6billion and with China it was $70 billion.

Earlier, President English Speaking Union in Pakistan  Aziz  Memon spoke  of
the  economic issues of Pakistan especially of trade and sought Canadian support
in different sectors.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved

                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            August 13, 2002 Tuesday

High prices maybe, but no crop to sell

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 538 words


Illinois farmers are viewing the August U.S. Department of Agriculture Crop
Report as a mixed blessing.

For livestock producers, it's likely to result in higher corn and soybean
prices, which means they'll be paying more for feed and have increased costs of
production. For grain farmers who were lucky enough to get rain when they needed
it, the higher prices will come as welcome news. Gordeon Bidner, a farmer from
Carlisle, has gotten the rains he needs for a good crop.

"Our corn crop looks really good this year," Bidner said. "But my son, who farms
in Champaign, is really hurting for rain.

"The good news is the fact that USDA recognizes the real stress on crops. Most
farmers have had pollination problems, drought stress, ponding and emergence
problems. On the other hand, crop prices are likely to be higher, but if you
don't have the crop to sell it's a Catch-22."

The Illinois corn crop is forecast to yield 140 bushels per acre, 12 bushels
below last year and 11 bushels below 2000. That would put the state corn crop at
1.582 billion bushels, 4 percent less than 2001 and 5 percent less than 2000.

Soybean production in the state is expected to reach 414 million bushels, 13
percent below last year and the lowest production since 1996. The yield is
forecast at 40 bushels per acre, five bushels below last year and the lowest
yield since 1995 when the yield was 39 bushels per acre.

"It seems we have a great deal of disparity in terms of rainfall and how the
crop looks," Bidner said. "Some places are going to have a good crop, and some
places won't make 100 bushels (per acre). It's all over the board. In some
areas, I'm not sure a rain would even help the corn, maybe the beans."

Steve Main is a grain and hog producer from Altona in Knox County. If corn
prices go higher, he'll likely reduce the size of his hog operation.

"If corn goes to $3, and I think it's headed that way, we'll have a higher cost
of production and further depressed prices for hogs," Main said. "I think you're
going to see an exodus in the hog market. Marginal producers are already pretty
much gone. Even the big companies producing hogs are going to be hurting."

Main farms about 1,200 acres and sells 15,000 hogs a year. He has to buy about
25 percent of the corn he uses as feed.

"This will probably mean I raise more corn next year and get rid of a few hogs,"
he said.

In this week's Illinois Crop Report, released Monday by the Illinois
Agricultural Statistics Service, the corn crop was rated as 10 percent very
poor, 18 percent poor, 40 percent fair and 29 percent good. The soybean crop was
rated 8 percent very poor, 16 percent poor, 39 percent fair and 34 percent good.

The crop is still behind schedule in maturity. Only 60 percent of the corn is in
the dough stage, having completed pollination. That compares to 75 percent last
year. Corn dented was at 16 percent this week compared to 29 percent last year
and a 22 percent average. Soybeans setting pods were at 71 percent this week
compared to 86 percent last year and an 80 percent average.

Rain is needed across most of the state, and the dry conditions continue to take
a toll on crops and negatively affect yields, officials said.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drought-stricken corn grows in a field near Gordonville, Mo.

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register

                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

MEPs have their say on trade with the US

LENGTH: 431  words


A position on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) will be
voted on by the European Parliament's agriculture committee this week.

Agriculture MEPs are taking a keen interest in ensuring that any trade agreement
does not jeopardise the current quality standards of European agricultural
products while preserving the European agricultural model and ensuring its
economic and social viability'.

Although just one of a number of committees that will feed into the parliament's
overall position, proposed amendments include warnings that agriculture must not
be used as a bargaining chip in efforts to secure access to the US market for
other sectors'.

One amendment calls for the commission to more clearly outline what impact a
TTIP agreement could have on EU agriculture by conducting a sector by sector
study as soon as possible.

World cereal supply

predictions

The Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO) has published
their latest forecasts for the 2015 cereal production year.

Global wheat production is expected to reach 722 million tonnes in 2015, 2
million tonnes higher than the FAO's first production forecast in March 2015.

Improved weather conditions have raised the prospects of increased plantings in
China, India and Pakistan. Anticipated increases in growing costs in Russia and
the Ukraine could result in a reduction of both plantings and yield.

In the United States the forecast is set to rise by 2% and in Canada where
spring planting is still yet to take place there is expected to be a 3% increase
in production.

On the demand side, forecasts for world cereal utilization in 2014/15 are now
2493 million tonnes. Predictions of increased demand in China and India are
largely responsible for this increased figure.

Food focus for World Health Day

The safety of food in Europe was the focus of World Health Day last week, a
joint initiative between the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the European
Food Safety Authority (EFSA).

EFSA is the EU scientific body which provides risk assessments for policymakers
on the safety of food and feed.

The work of EFSA is important from a farming perspective, most notably because
of their work on plant protection products but also because of the wide range of
scientific issues which affect farming and the food supply chain.

Bernhard Url, EFSA's Executive Director noted that "the role of EFSA is to
ensure food safety for 500 million European consumers and we can only do that in
partnership with other organisations. By pooling these resources we can make
sure that food in Europe is safe".

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday

PH&N duo dig farming stocks that are off the beaten path;
Phillips Hager & North Vintage Fund managers bullish on 'agriculture
reinvestment story'

BYLINE: ANDY GEORGIADES, Dow Jones Newswires

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: GLOBE INVESTOR MARKETS; MUTUAL FUNDS; Pg. B13

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


The agriculture sector may be going through a major correction, but in the
context of a secular trend, it should look like a blip on a graph one day.

That's the view of Don Anderson and Andrew MacDonald, managers of the
$100-million Phillips Hager & North Vintage Fund, who say they've been
"fortunate" to have had an overweight position in the agriculture space.

"Our view is that there is a secular agriculture reinvestment story," Mr.
Anderson said. "[Farming] has not been a high-return business for a long time.
That's led to a lack of investment in farming and agri in general."

But times are changing. People are improving their diets and the world is
consuming more grain than it produces. That makes agriculture an area of focus
for the fund, and the managers have been adding to positions rather than taking
profits amid the pullback.

The fund has made an effort to find agriculture companies that are a little more
interesting - and less known - than staples Potash Corp. and Agrium Inc., though
the fund holds both. One that stands out is Alliance Grain Traders Income Fund,
which sources and processes specialty crops, such as lentils, peas and
chickpeas.

Mr. Anderson said he sees plenty of "long-term upside" for Alliance without the
same "hype" priced into a company like Potash. Outside of Canada, Mr. Anderson
likes ABB Grain in Australia and LSB Industries Inc. in the United States.

In assessing potential investments for the fund, which was recently opened to
investors for the first time since 1993, the managers pay particular attention
to free cash flow and the prospects for future free cash flow. They also look at
return on equity, both historical and prospective.

Mr. Anderson and Mr. MacDonald have been running the fund for almost two years.
According to Globefund, the two-year average annual return is 14 per cent
compared to a loss of 0.2 per cent for the group average; the five-year return
is 11 per cent compared to 8 per cent for the group average.

The fund, which has a bias to small- and mid-capitalization stocks, will
sometimes take a contrarian approach, as it has with its position in
International Forest Products Ltd., which represents 5 per cent of the fund.

Another materials holding is Gold Wheaton Gold Corp., which Mr. Anderson
described as a "specialty financier" to the gold industry. The company purchases
gold production from mines in Ontario and British Columbia.

Energy is another area in which the fund has significant holdings, but the
recent liquidation by hedge funds hasn't dampened their overall outlook.

For instance, Mr. MacDonald called Petro Andina Resources Inc., which operates
in Argentina, a "very cheap" stock. Natural gas prices have been hit especially
hard, which isn't good for a company like Orleans Energy Ltd. in the short term.
Mr. MacDonald acknowledged it will be a "tough winter" for gas producers, but
the resulting slower drilling activity should also lead to a recovery in the
medium term.

A "bottom-up-driven" pick is Futuremed Healthcare Income Fund, a distributor of
consumable nursing-home supplies. On the other hand, it recently sold MacDonald
Dettwiler & Associates Ltd. at a loss. While the managers think it has a great
business, they are content to wait until the housing cycle turns around and buy
it back.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                 July 20, 2004

Brighter future for grain

SECTION: Sport; Rugby; AmateurUnion; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 201 words


World grain stocks look set to rise, with experts announcing positive forecasts
for the first time this year.  While the UK harvest has got off to a poor start,
with heavy rain throwing a spanner in the works, good growing conditions
globally over the past month have led the US Department of Agriculture to
estimate a global wheat stocks rise of 5.8million to 132m tonnes.

Coarse grain stocks have been increased by almost 10million tonnes, although at
115.3million tonnes they would still be the lowest since the mid-1970s.

USDA raised its world wheat production estimate by 4.6million to 598million
tonnes, and its coarse grain output figure to 939million, up 6.9million tonnes.

But next month will be critical to both corn yields in the US and wheat quality
across Europe as the rain of the past weeks in the UK has also been experienced
across most of Europe and has delayed harvest.

This has boosted demand and prices for old crop wheat to about £73 to £78 a
tonne, depending on the region, and early harvest prices have also risen to £72
to £77 a tonne ex-farm. But concerns over quality have caused later harvest
markets to drop back to about £58 to £61 a tonne.


LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2004 2007WESTDP1C1brigh

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2004 Bristol United Press

                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 17, 1991, Friday

Farm subsidies make federal budget come a cropper

BYLINE: Donald Lambrounited/states; agriculture; research; finances; budgets

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 10

LENGTH: 483 words


WASHINGTON - Congress is pretending to reorder spending priorities as it
legislates a record $ 1.4 trillion budget, but the truth is that relatively
little will actually be changed in this year's appropriations.

Sadly, most of the fat, waste and abuse will continue because Congress refuses
to conduct a hard-nosed re-evaluation of the outdated and ineffective programs
it has created over many decades. Nowhere is this more evident than in the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, a cobwebbed, cluttered collection of bureaucratic
boondoggles that cries out for a thorough housecleaning.

This department is a perfect example of a program whose budget has been
mushrooming while its clientele has been shrinking. Since fiscal 1990, USDA's
budget has jumped from $ 46 billion to an estimated $ 55.7 billion. Yet the
number of farms has steadily declined: 70 years ago 35 percent of the nation's
population were farmers. Today the number has shrunk to 2 percent.

In truth, billions are being poured year after year into research programs
benefiting the same rich agribusiness industries that are capable of paying for
this research themselves. Here are some examples of where our farm dollars are
going:

- $ 67,000 for Belgian endive research. Such federally funded studies have
helped "to produce maximum yields of high quality Belgian endives." Who
benefits? The endive growers and the chic restaurants that offer them on their
high-priced menus.

- $ 1.8 million for cranberry and blueberry research into variety development,
and increased yields. Who benefits? Highly profitable fruit and fruit juice
corporations.

- $ 2.3 million for peach and pecan research to help develop new varieties of
peaches. Who benefits? "My presence here today is on behalf of the fruit and nut
industry," said Georgia Rep. Richard Ray, who testified on behalf of this
expenditure.

- $ 6.3 million for peanut research. There has been a $ 300,000 increase for
peanut studies that will focus "on the major factors affecting market quality
and cost efficiency of production," according to the Georgia Peanut Research
Committee. Beneficiaries? The wealthy peanut processing industry.

- $ 1.7 million for research to improve potato chips, french fries and other
potato products. a $ 100,000 increase over last year. This is a giveaway to the
multibillion dollar potato industry that can't seem to get enough tax subsidies.
"We need funding for everything," testified Bob Walther, vice president of the
National Potato Council.

And so it goes. Not only is USDA's research benefiting highly profitable
industries that can easily finance their own research programs, Congress has
been increasing funding in the midst of the worst deficits in American history.

But this is only a very small portion of USDA's wasteful spending. I'll reveal
more in an upcoming column.-(c1991.)

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution

                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    February 7, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

U.S.-Europe war over cattle hormone spreads to Texas

BYLINE: By Steven H. Lee Special to The Star (Dallas Morning News)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 651 words


   The Europeans say they want beef not treated with growth hormones, so they
place a ban on imports of American beef into their countries - a move expected
to cost U.S. producers in excess of $100 million (U.S.).

U.S. trade representatives call the move a trade ploy, aimed at reducing the
Europeans' surplus of beef at home. So, the United States retaliates with more
than $100 million (U.S.) in excess tariffs on imports of certain commodities
from Europe.

What has developed, predictably, is an intensified trade conflict between the
United States and the European Economic Community (EEC), the 12-nation bloc
that, ironically, represents the best customer for all U.S. farm exports, in
total dollar value.

State capital

But what some officials didn't foresee was a verbal range war right here at
home, pitting Austin, Texas, and Washington. And today, once again, the eyes of
more than just Texas will be on the state capital.

For the past month, Texas Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower has been
directing talks with EEC representatives to send Texas beef free of growth
hormones to Europe - over the objections of U.S. trade representatives, cattle
industry groups and the American Farm Bureau Federation.

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) officials say the federal government would
need to certify hormone-free beef for export, but that there's no way of
verifying whether the carcasses are indeed absent of growth stimulants.

But Hightower, in a news conference scheduled for later today, is expected to
announce details of a verification system developed in conjunction with EEC
officials that will be submitted for USDA approval.

Opposition cattle industry groups already are skeptical.

"We don't disagree with what (Hightower's) intent is in opening new markets, but
in this particular case, we disagree with his method," said Wes Bonner,
president of the Texas Cattle Feeders Association, and owner of Veribest Cattle
Feeders Inc. in San Angelo.

An EEC spokeswoman, however, said the Europeans are viewing today's announcement
with hope.

"There's no question that we're interested because we would like to maintain the
trade," said Ella Krucoff, the EEC spokeswoman in Washington. "We think it's
unfortunate that our health standards are being labeled protectionist. We have
to enforce those standards.

American cattle producers implant growth stimulants, or mix them with feed, to
produce leaner meat - and more of it. The National Cattlemen's Association
estimates that up to 65 per cent of all cattle is treated with growth hormones.

Hightower's stance has drawn the ire also of public officials in Washington.
Agriculture Secretary designate Clayton Yeutter, in confirmation hearings last
week, said Hightower has been "singularly unhelpful" in preparations for
upcoming trade talks, accusing the commissioner of siding with the Europeans.

Texas Farm Bureau president S.M. True last month called for Hightower's
resignation. Jimmie Powell, president of the Texas and Southwestern Cattle
Raisers Association, lashed out at Hightower's "uneducated, uninformed
statements," and said that the commissioner had damaged the Texas cattle
industry.

Consumer groups

The cattle groups also maintain that there's not enough cattle produced free of
growth hormones to supply the EEC request. Hightower has said about 35,000 head
of cattle would be required, while the cattle groups say the actual number is
5.7 million.

Still, Hightower - who has garnered support from several consumer groups and
some cattle producers who produce so-called "natural" beef - is pressing on.

"We're taking a states' rights position," he has said. "If Ollie North can go
run a private war with the applause of the administration, why are they getting
in the way of a few cattlemen who want to make a sale to our very best
customers?"

DALLAS MORNING NEWS

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Sampson Independent (Clinton, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 2, 2016 Sunday

Farm leaders rally for eastern North Carolina agriculture

BYLINE: Chase Jordan, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1453 words


Oct. 02--KENANSVILLE -- When it comes to agriculture in eastern North Carolina,
farmers have a lot to smile about. One of those proud farmers is Sen. Brent
Jackson and, while facing a large audience Thursday night, he showed it to
people from west of Interstate 95.

"For all of those who live west of 95, I want to welcome you to God's country,"
Jackson said while drawing chuckles and applause during the Agriculture Rally at
the Duplin County Events Center.

The first generation farmer from Sampson County was one of many supporters who
addressed the successes and needs for agriculture in the region and throughout
North Carolina.

While showing support, Jackson continued and spoke about the labor of farmers
and making ends meet.

"We created the term 'Get 'Er Done" before it was ever popular, because you have
to make it work," Jackson said. "That's what we have done as a legislative
team."

Jackson added that agriculture is the lifeblood of the region, state and the
United States and encouraged the audience to support lawmakers who support it.
Before Jackson took the stage, Ed Emory, chairman of NC Farm Families, talked
about the state's biggest industry, which accounts for one-sixths of the income,
$84 billion of the state's gross product and 700,000 employees who work in food,
forestry and fiber industries. He also mentioned that seven of the top 10
producers are in the eastern region, which affects the quality of life.

"It's important that we gather tonight and celebrate that fact," Emory said.
"But we also need to remember that we produce a safe, good, quality, food supply
that feeds not only the United States -- we feed the world."

To express a point about support, Emory recited a quote from President Ronald
Reagan, who once said "We're nothing without our farmers. They're the backbone
of this country and everything we do to help them helps our country and its
future."

Rep. John Bell also stressed how agriculture feeds the world while encouraging
the audience to cheer and celebrate it. The legislator also talked about
improvements such as the unemployment rate dropping, road improvements and
salary increases for teachers.

"We have a wonderful story to tell," Bell said. "We inherited a broken car on
the side of the road, but we fixed it. We're not done yet, we still have a lot
to do. Our state is currently in great fiscal shape and we're continuing to move
forward."

Like Jackson and other state leaders present, he believes it's important to
elect people who support agriculture.

"We need to elect people who understand that food does not come from a grocery
store," Bell said.

N.C. House Speaker Tim Moore said agriculture plays a big part in employing
people and improving infrastructure in rural areas.

"We see great growth in the cities, but we see sometimes in rural areas we have
to keep being innovative with how we keep up, bring new jobs and do things,"
Moore said. "Agriculture has been a very key part of that -- transportation
infrastructure, water and sewer infrastructure. These are all things that we
fund and we want to make sure that rural North Carolina is able to be just as
competitive as urban and suburban North Carolina."

While sharing stories related to farming, Harry Brown, N.C. Senate Majority
Leader, and others also expressed feelings about the work ethic of farmers
throughout the state.

"Again, I can't thank you enough for what you do," Brown said. "In eastern North
Carolina and rural North Carolina in particular, agriculture is what it's all
about. That's where the jobs are at. You provide something that this whole state
has to have. That need is going to continue to grow and get bigger and bigger.
It's a rural problem that you're going to have to be a part of the solution
for."

Brown told local farmers and supporters that they'll meet the challenge. Later,
organizer Rep. Jimmy Dixon expressed gratitude for farm families who were
pioneers in the area.

"All of us have benefited from the hard work and innovation of some true
pioneers in agriculture fields," Dixon said while quoting Abraham Lincoln words,
"Every blade of grass is a study; and to produce two, where there was but one,
is both a profit and a pleasure."

N.C. Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler presented a few facts about
agricultural profits. His goal is to grow the industry by $100 billion by 2020,
which is an increase of $16 billion. One of the ideas is to improve food
manufacturing to supplement the products which are grown in the state.

"Something that is an anomaly to me is that we're the number one sweet potato
state in the nation, by a long shot," Troxler said. "We grow about 50 percent of
the sweet potatoes in the nation. But do you know how many sweet potato cannings
we have in North Carolina? None."

The sweet potato example was just one example of how the state can profit from
what it produces from the ground. He also mentioned how a can of raw beans is
really worth 10 cents, but by the time it gets to the grocery store, the value
is worth a few bucks.

"Look at what we're missing by not having that manufacturing here in the state,"
Troxler said.

He also mentioned the Connect NC Bond, introduced by Gov. Pat McCrory and $94
million which is being spent to build a Agriculture and Consumer Sciences Lab
for veterinary, food, drug and motor fuel testing. While discussing the
livestock industry, Troxler mentioned the importance of plant production.

"Our livestock actually eats plants," Troxler said. "So keeping North Carolina
at the very forefront of being able to produce the plants that we need, not only
for human consumption, but for animal protein, is going to be vital."

Like other supports, Troxler said it's an exciting time to be involved in
agriculture. McCrory and Lt. Gov. Dan Forest felt the same way.

"You guys are really the heart and soul of North Carolina," Forest said. "You
guys are what makes North Carolina great."

Forest said 100 years ago, 40 percent of Americans made their living in
agriculture. Today, that number has dwindled to 2 percent or less.

"We're now feeding more people here in America and more people around the world
than we ever fed, in the history of the United States," Forest said. "You're
doing it with less and less people. You guys really know what hard work is
about. You know what sacrifice is about. You know what risk is about. You are
what makes North Carolina great."

Forest said the farmers will have to do more with less and fight problems such
as environmental terrorism.

McCrory praised the culture of the farming community.

"The culture of the farming community is second to no culture in the United
States of America," McCrory said. "The farming community understands resiliency
more than anything else."

McCrory told a story about peanut farmers who struggled with too much rain and
their willingness not to give up, his example of resiliency.

"They're resilient," he said about agriculture producers dealing with challenges
such as the weather. "They're more resilient than any people in any industry in
the United States of America. Because there are things that are out of your
control that are in God's hands and they accept it."

He said it's something he respects. Another trait was independence and alluded
to farmers not wanting to be held back because of government regulations.
McCrory also mentioned the entrepreneurial opportunities of farming.

"I read about all of these Wall Street geniuses up in New York, San Francisco
and even Charlotte," McCrory said. "But the people who are really business
geniuses are the farmers. They're the ones who have to trade when it's up, when
it's down. Do I hold? Do I fold? Do I sell? Do I give it away? Every single day.
And I tell you what, your track record is a whole lot better than Wall Street.
There's no doubt about it."

Many attendees responded to the messages of presenters with applause. Ben
Aydlett was one of many who attended Thursday night.

"Being from a small town, I think that agriculture is the backbone of this
country," Aydlett said. "I feel like some of these politicians really appreciate
that and giving it the value it deserves."

Coming from a military Thomas Ritchie enjoyed McCrory's message about
patriotism. His farther served in the military and its one of the reasons his
family moved to the state.

"The state is very friendly to its veterans and takes good care of its
veterans," he said. "The culture here, like the governor said is very respectful
and reverent towards its veterans."

Reach Chase Jordan at 910-249-4617. Follow us on Twitter at @SampsonInd and like
us on Facebook.

___ (c)2016 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161002-1SM-Farm-leaders-rally-for-eastern-North-Carolina-agriculture
-1002-20161002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2016 Sampson Independent

                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan can benefit from Canadian experience in agriculture: Greg Giokas

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 29

LENGTH: 763  words


Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Greg Giokas on Wednesday said Pakistan is
agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very low.

Pakistan has a lot of natural resources including vast agricultural and mineral
base. However, it needs structural reforms that is, in education, skill
development and taxation, he said.

The Canadian High Commissioner was addressing the members of English Speaking
Union in Pakistan here.

He said that Pakistan is considered as a middle income country and Canada wants
to see it peaceful, prosperous and progressive.

He said: "Under WTO, we must focus on developing its competency through
trainings and skill development of the manpower especially in agriculture. We
would have to improve our quality , yield and certification of our produce".

He noted that Pakistan government needs due consultations with agriculturists ,
businessmen and other stakeholders including the donor agencies to come with
practical policies for developing and putting agriculture sector on  modern line
assuring high yield for the benefit of the country and its large farming
community.  It needs a comprehensive agriculture policy and its true
implementation.

Pakistani businessmen should invest in various sectors mainly in agriculture and
in the associated businesses for the improvement of these sectors along with
making their profits. Investment in agriculture generates more employment than
other sectors.

He underlined the need for women empowerment in Pakistan as they had a great
contribution here in agriculture and dairy farming.

Canadian High Commissioner said that his country has focused on tariff regime.
It had initiated tariff reforms leading to preferential tariffs since 2010 which
will be completed in 2015.

He shared his country's experiences regarding opening of economy and trade
especially with its neighbouring countries.

He informed that majority of Canadian people showed strong negative reaction and
became a controversial issue when Canada signed free trade agreement (FTA) with
United States. However, the result came totally different. It helped generate a
great economic activity in Canada and now we have also huge trade with US.

He  advocated that Pakistan should open its economy particularly for the
neighbours. " We should find deficiencies and fundamentally review our
structural policies to benefit from the emerging changes on global economic
scenario ," He suggested that Pakistan should not hesitate in going forward with
the Most Favoured Nation status to India as this would be in the interest of
both the people. The regional trade is being focused in the world and it has
proved very beneficial for all the trading partners.

He said agricultural sector is the most protected sector under WTO. Pakistan has
great potential in agriculture , dairy farming and poultry which can be used for
the development of the farming communities.

" We want to share our experiences to support Pakistan's agriculture," he said
adding that his country had agriculture exports of dollars 47 billion which is
expected to reach dollars fifty billion soon. All this because of reducing
subsidies , rationalization of tariffs and research and development ,
involvement of businessmen and consultations with the stakeholders in this
sector besides providing a level playing field to our agriculturists", he said.

Canada exported 14 million tonnes of canola last year, he informed. The Canadian
diplomat said he had discussions with Pakistan Government functionaries
especially on agriculture trade between the two countries. That, the response
from Pakistan Government was very positive.

He said Pakistan is agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very
low. Pakistan should also focus on the development of quality seeds and
genetically modified products. You people should have a seed policy.

" It is not possible to feed 18 million through naturally grown crops. Diversity
is needed," he remarked.

He acknowledged that good research has been done in Pakistan under Pakistan's
Agriculture Coalition Programme.

He noted that it is very positive that in Pakistan a chain of fast foods was
growing very fast which would help promote its agriculture.

He said trade between Canada and Pakistan has been fluctuating.  It was dollars
700million last year and is in favour of his country. Canada has trade with
India up to $6billion and with China it was $70 billion.

Earlier, President English Speaking Union in Pakistan Aziz Memon spoke of the
economic issues of Pakistan especially of trade and sought Canadian support in
different sectors.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan can benefit from Canadian experience in agriculture: Greg Giokas

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 29

LENGTH: 763  words


Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Greg Giokas on Wednesday said Pakistan is
agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very low.

Pakistan has a lot of natural resources including vast agricultural and mineral
base. However, it needs structural reforms that is, in education, skill
development and taxation, he said.

The Canadian High Commissioner was addressing the members of English Speaking
Union in Pakistan here.

He said that Pakistan is considered as a middle income country and Canada wants
to see it peaceful, prosperous and progressive.

He said: "Under WTO, we must focus on developing its competency through
trainings and skill development of the manpower especially in agriculture. We
would have to improve our quality , yield and certification of our produce".

He noted that Pakistan government needs due consultations with agriculturists ,
businessmen and other stakeholders including the donor agencies to come with
practical policies for developing and putting agriculture sector on  modern line
assuring high yield for the benefit of the country and its large farming
community.  It needs a comprehensive agriculture policy and its true
implementation.

Pakistani businessmen should invest in various sectors mainly in agriculture and
in the associated businesses for the improvement of these sectors along with
making their profits. Investment in agriculture generates more employment than
other sectors.

He underlined the need for women empowerment in Pakistan as they had a great
contribution here in agriculture and dairy farming.

Canadian High Commissioner said that his country has focused on tariff regime.
It had initiated tariff reforms leading to preferential tariffs since 2010 which
will be completed in 2015.

He shared his country's experiences regarding opening of economy and trade
especially with its neighbouring countries.

He informed that majority of Canadian people showed strong negative reaction and
became a controversial issue when Canada signed free trade agreement (FTA) with
United States. However, the result came totally different. It helped generate a
great economic activity in Canada and now we have also huge trade with US.

He  advocated that Pakistan should open its economy particularly for the
neighbours. " We should find deficiencies and fundamentally review our
structural policies to benefit from the emerging changes on global economic
scenario ," He suggested that Pakistan should not hesitate in going forward with
the Most Favoured Nation status to India as this would be in the interest of
both the people. The regional trade is being focused in the world and it has
proved very beneficial for all the trading partners.

He said agricultural sector is the most protected sector under WTO. Pakistan has
great potential in agriculture , dairy farming and poultry which can be used for
the development of the farming communities.

" We want to share our experiences to support Pakistan's agriculture," he said
adding that his country had agriculture exports of dollars 47 billion which is
expected to reach dollars fifty billion soon. All this because of reducing
subsidies , rationalization of tariffs and research and development ,
involvement of businessmen and consultations with the stakeholders in this
sector besides providing a level playing field to our agriculturists", he said.

Canada exported 14 million tonnes of canola last year, he informed. The Canadian
diplomat said he had discussions with Pakistan Government functionaries
especially on agriculture trade between the two countries. That, the response
from Pakistan Government was very positive.

He said Pakistan is agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very
low. Pakistan should also focus on the development of quality seeds and
genetically modified products. You people should have a seed policy.

" It is not possible to feed 18 million through naturally grown crops. Diversity
is needed," he remarked.

He acknowledged that good research has been done in Pakistan under Pakistan's
Agriculture Coalition Programme.

He noted that it is very positive that in Pakistan a chain of fast foods was
growing very fast which would help promote its agriculture.

He said trade between Canada and Pakistan has been fluctuating.  It was dollars
700million last year and is in favour of his country. Canada has trade with
India up to $6billion and with China it was $70 billion.

Earlier, President English Speaking Union in Pakistan Aziz Memon spoke of the
economic issues of Pakistan especially of trade and sought Canadian support in
different sectors.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            April 3, 2002, Wednesday

FARMING LIFE: WORLD-CLASS CONGRESS TO FOCUS ON FARMING'S FUTURE

BYLINE: David Mccoy

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 809 words


A WORLD-class annual congress at which international leaders in food and
agriculture will examine the challenges facing global agriculture, debate their
effects and predict the impact on world farming, food and trade, has been
launched in London.

Differing in both style and content from existing national and international
food and farming conferences, The World Food and Farming Congress will take
place in London every other year, alternating with other major venues throughout
the world.

The inaugural congress, 'Meeting the needs of a changing world', will take place
at Olympia, London, on Monday and Tuesday, November 25 and 26, 2002, being
associated with The Royal Smithfield Show. Organised by Clarion Events, and with
the support of the Washington-based International Policy Council (IPC) on
Agriculture, Food and Trade, the congress will be chaired by Lord Plumb, until
recently chairman of IPC.

Attracting speakers of the highest calibre, the congress will highlight
practical developments in world farming and food production, establish a link
between world policy issues, and examine practical advances in production
techniques and new technologies. The event will also provide scientists and
opinion-formers with an opportunity to comment on significant issues related to
food and agriculture, such as the use of biotechnology, climate change and the
form of the CAP.

Given its fundamental message, the congress will attract a high calibre
audience, including politicians, agricultural policy-makers, representatives
from the food and supply industries, international traders, academics,
scientists, environmentalists, consumer organisations and the media.

The opening day's programme will include two sessions, chaired by Lord Plumb.

The first, entitled 'Future world demand and supply', will consider the effects
of growing global prosperiy on consumer demand and tastes in the context of
constraints on water, land, environmental and health demands. Eminent speakers
will include Ke Bingsheng, director general, Research Centre for Rural
Economics, Ministry of Agriculture, China.

In the afternoon, 'Trade issues and the globalisation of farming', will question
whether free trade is a realistic proposition, investigate its limitations, and
consider the implications of the 11th of September on food security issues.

The session will also evaluate whether agriculture in the developed world can
compete with the low wage structures and differing standards of animal welfare
in developing countries.

Among the speakers will be Robert Thompson, chairman of the International Policy
Council and senior adviser, Agricultural Trade Policy at the World Bank.

'The balance and transfer of knowledge and experience', subject of the morning
session on day two, will consider the implications of science, in particular
biotechnology, on world agriculture and human health. Chaired by Lord Selborne,
former chairman of the House of Lords Select Committee on Science and
Technology, the session will examine how the developed world can assist
developing countries to deliver tangible benefits to their populations. It will
include a paper by Margaret Karembu, Director, Agricentre International Service
for the Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Application in Kenya.

During the afternoon, the speakers, who include Dennis Avery, Global Food Issues
at the Hudson Institute, will address 'The conflict between the affluent
consumer and the needs of the majority'. In doing so, they will ask whether
Western standards should apply to less affluent countries and question whether
developing countries should be denied certain advances in science on the grounds
of emotion rather than fact.

Speaking at the launch of the congress, James Brooks-Ward, group director of
Clarion Events, said: "Global agriculture is undergoing a period of significant
and rapid change. Never before have so many factors, such as economic and
environmental pressures, population growth, changing consumer attitudes,
increased affluence and new technologies, come together to create such an impact
on world food production. The World Food and Farming Congress has been designed
to provide an overview of agriculture's role in this fast-changing world, answer
the plethora of questions surrounding its future and highlights the
opportunities that change presents."

Lord Plumb commented: "The World Food and Farming Congress is a significant and
welcomed addition to the annual calendar of events. The fact that the
International Policy Council has lent its support highlights the quality of the
event and underlines its depth and credibility, both in terms of the quality of
speakers and the audience it will attract."

The next World Food and Farming Congress is scheduled to take place in Central
America during November 2003

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited

                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Goldendale Sentinel

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 5, 2009

USDA calls on lamb producers

BYLINE: The Goldendale Sentinel staff

LENGTH: 167  words


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has put out a call for
opinions from sheep producers and handlers.

Officials want to know whether producers should continue to pay an assessment to
fund marketing and research efforts of the American Lamb Board.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture will conduct a nationwide referendum on the
Lamb, Promotion, Research and Information Act of 1996, which expires the end of
this month.

USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service will conduct the referendum with the
assistance of USDA's Farm Service Agency. Eligible sheep producers and handlers
may vote by mail, fax, Internet or in person in the county where their farm
records are maintained with the Farm Service Agency

If they do not participate in FSA programs, they may vote at the county FSA
office where they own or rent land.

Persons eligible to vote may obtain form LS-86 from their county FSA office or
online at http://www.ams.usda.gov/lsmar-ketingprograms.

For more information, call 773-5822 ext 105.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLD

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2009 The Goldendale Sentinel

                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             March 22, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

DEBATE HEATS UP OVER TRADE PACT

BYLINE: By SUSAN SALISBURY Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 445 words


A battle is heating up over the proposed Central American Free Trade Agreement,
which could come before Congress for a vote as early as this spring or summer.

The nation's 19-state cane and beet sugar industry, including sugar cane growers
and processors in Palm Beach County, say the pact threatens the 146,000 jobs
created by U.S. sugar production.

"We are doing everything we can to defeat CAFTA," said Carolyn Cheney,
Washington representative for the Sugar Cane Growers Cooperative of Florida in
Belle Glade. "We believe CAFTA is another NAFTA in disguise."

Meanwhile, the debate is expected to begin in earnest next month.

Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, has scheduled a full committee hearing on CAFTA for
April 6. Grassley made the announcement last week after Guatemala became the
third country of six after El Salvador and Honduras to pass legislation
implementing CAFTA.

The United States signed CAFTA with those countries, plus Nicaragua and Costa
Rica, in May. The Dominican Republic signed later.

National groups opposed to CAFTA include the American Sugar Alliance, American
Sugarbeet Growers Association and the National Farmers Union. On the other hand,
the American Farm Bureau Federation is pushing for CAFTA, claiming it would
boost exports of crops such as corn, cotton, wheat and rice by $900 million.

Both sides are predicting a close vote.

"I think for the first time in history, this one stands a good chance of getting
defeated," said Tom Buis, vice president for government relations at the
National Farmers Union in Washington.

Luther Markwart, executive vice president of the American Sugarbeet Growers
Association, also said he thinks CAFTA will fail, but that opponents face a
tough battle.

"When you are taking on the president and the leadership, this is not an easy
fight," Markwart said.

Last month, CAFTA opponents picked up the support of the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture, whose members include the Florida Department
of Agriculture. The state's concerns go beyond the usual trade issues to worries
about agricultural pests, said Liz Compton, a spokeswoman for the state
Agriculture Department.

"Citrus canker is indicative of one that got in," Compton said. "The more open
your borders are, the more open they are to everything."

Pro-CAFTA groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce argue that U.S.
manufactured goods exported to the region continue to face tariffs that average
30 percent to 100 percent higher than tariffs the United States imposes. CAFTA
would "level the playing field" for U.S. workers and businesses by providing
duty-free access to the six-country market, the chamber said.

susan_salisbury@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.

                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            January 31, 2014 Friday

Pakistan can benefit from Canadian experience in agriculture: Greg Giokas

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 389

LENGTH: 376  words


Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Greg Giokas, said Pakistan is
agricultural super power in many ways but the yield is very low. Pakistan has a
lot of natural resources including vast agricultural and mineral base. However,
it needs structural reforms that is, in education, skill development and
taxation, he said. The Canadian High Commissioner was addressing the members of
English Speaking Union of Pakistan here.

He said that Pakistan is considered as a middle income country and Canada wants
to see it peaceful, prosperous and progressive. He said: "Under WTO, we must
focus on developing its competency through trainings and skill development of
the manpower especially in agriculture. We would have to improve our quality ,
yield and certification of our produce".

He noted that Pakistan government needs due consultations with agriculturists ,
businessmen and other stakeholders including the donor agencies to come with
practical policies for developing and putting agriculture sector on modern line
assuring high yield for the benefit of the country and its large farming
community. It needs a comprehensive agriculture policy and its true
implementation. Pakistani businessmen should invest in various sectors mainly in
agriculture and in the associated businesses for the improvement of these
sectors along with making their profits. Investment in agriculture generates
more employment than other sectors.

He underlined the need for women empowerment in Pakistan as they had a great
contribution here in agriculture and dairy farming. Canadian High Commissioner
said that his country has focused on tariff regime. It had initiated tariff
reforms leading to preferential tariffs since 2010 which will be completed in
2015. He shared his country's experiences regarding opening of economy and trade
especially with its neighbouring countries. He informed that majority of
Canadian people showed strong negative reaction and became a controversial issue
when Canada signed free trade agreement (FTA) with United States. However, the
result came totally different. It helped generate a great economic activity in
Canada and now we have also huge trade with US. He advocated that Pakistan
should open its economy particularly for the neighbours.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 31, 2004 Sunday

Beef breakthrough welcomed; Pact with Japan occurs 10 months after 1st U.S. case
of mad cow disease

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b8

LENGTH: 594 words


On Oct. 23, U.S. and Japanese officials reached a framework agreement to renew
beef trade between the two countries.

The breakthrough occurred 10 months to the day that the United States' first and
only positively identified case of mad cow disease was identified in a dairy cow
of Canadian origin.

Japan agreed to revise its regulations on cattle testing requirements and other
procedures.

The United States can now sell beef and a variety of meats to Japanese importers
from animals younger than 21 months old.

For our part, a special marketing program will be developed for Japan under
which the U.S. Department of Agriculture's marketing service will certify that
exported products meet the terms of the agreement.

Negotiators agreed on the framework of an agreement, not an actual agreement to
restore trade, so it still will be some time before we start shipping beef to
Japan.

Japan was the largest market for American beef and products with sales in 2003,
before the ban was imposed, exceeding $1.7 billion, according to the agriculture
department. Exports account for more than 10 percent of the total value of
American beef output.

*

Farm groups have waited, and waited, for federal legislation to boost ethanol
and biodiesel use.

On Oct. 22, at least part of their wish was granted when President Bush signed
into law a bill containing the first biodiesel tax incentive. The legislation,
known as the American JOBS Creation Act of 2004, also extends the ethanol tax
incentive.

"This will hopefully bring more jobs into the rural area, because more biodiesel
plants will be built," said Curt Sindergard, president of the Iowa Soybean
Association. "This incentive could create up to 50,000 jobs in the United States
during the next 10 years in manufacturing and other sectors."

The biodiesel tax incentive grants a penny per percentage point of biodiesel
blended with petroleum diesel for first-use oils, like soybean oil, and a
half-penny per percentage for biodiesel made from other sources, like recycled
cooking oil.

According to the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation, the incentive is expected to
increase biodiesel demand from about 30 million gallons in fiscal year 2004 to
at least 124 million gallons per year, based on a U.S. Department of Agriculture
study.

The tax incentive will start Jan. 1 and lasts for two years.

The ethanol excise tax credit continues until 2010 for ethanol-blended gasoline
and will redirect funds generated by an excise tax on ethanol to the highway
trust fund.

While the tax incentives are expected to spur production, farm groups have yet
to see legislation to increase the share of renewable fuels in the nation's
supply lines.

A renewable fuels standard that increases ethanol and biodiesel use remains
bottled up on Capitol Hill.

*

Another bit of work Congress had in progress before recessing: revision of
federal bankruptcy legislation affecting farmers.

A bipartisan bill in the Senate introduced by Russ Feingold, D-Wis., Charles
Grassley, R-Iowa, and others makes Chapter 12 protections permanent.

The House approved a bill this month that made Chapter 12 protection retroactive
to Jan. 1. The extension expires July 1, 2005.

"We must not let Chapter 12 lapse again," Feingold said. "Farmers are the
backbone of our economy in Wisconsin, and we owe them these protections when
they are facing extraordinary economic pressure."

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                November 7, 1992

COMMENTARY: THE GROWING DISCORD FUELLED BY OILSEED

BYLINE: WILL HUTTON

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN HOME PAGE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 645 words


BRITISH agriculture is in crisis. Land values have fallen by more than half over
the past three years and farm incomes have collapsed. Rural unemployment is
exploding, and the banks' exposure to failing farms runs into billions of
pounds.

United States pressure during the Gatt talks has compelled the European
Community to concede a further sharp drop in farm support. If the oilseed
regime, one of the few remaining areas of reasonable income left to farmers,
falls as the Americans now want, British and European agriculture will face
their biggest adjustment since they were exposed to waves of cheap US and
colonial food at the end of the last century. This does not mean that the Common
Agricultural Policy with its rigging of farm prices, subsidised exports and huge
overproduction is remotely justifiable and should not be reformed. The question
is the timing; what any new system should be; and whether the structure should
be dictated by Europe's politicians or the US farm lobby.

The French government has been condemned for its sensitivity to the problems of
its farming community, with the assumption that there is no parallel problem in
Britain. But farming on up to 15 per cent of Britain's farmland has ceased under
the set aside scheme, unfarmed fields are multiplying and running to weed, while
more and more hedgerows are being left unkempt. Only big farms are economic,
with 500 acres increasingly being regarded as the minimum. Less than 10 per cent
of Britain's 250,000 farms are that large; the rest barely break even and many
lose money.

Even that depends on the CAPmaintaining its pricing regime for the protein crops
that are used to rotate land through the farming cycle. These are crops like
peas, beans and above all oil seed on which the CAP continues to guarantee
reasonable returns - and which so improve the soil that subsequent cereal yields
in the crop rotation tend to improve.

This double benefit makes them pivotal to the continuing ability of British
farmers to cling on; and why the Americans are so keen that the whole regime
should be brought under international surveillance. With incomes from cereal
farming down to 25 per cent on 10 years ago, pigs and poultry income down a
half, cattle and sheep income down to as little as 10 per cent, only the income
from oilseed and other protein crops has held up. So production has increased,
subsidised exports have boomed, and the US has insisted that its interests have
been grievously damaged.

In one sense the French and the European Commission have been as short-sighted
as their critics insist. To allow an argument over the nitty-gritty of oilseed
production to obstruct the talks is to allow an apparently minor dispute to
infect a deal whose benefits are global. Jacques Delors is open to the charge
that he has abused his position to advance the interests of his own government.

But the same charge of bloody-mindedness could be made of the Americans. They
know that if they succeed in establishing that Gatt arbitration holds over oil
seed, they have the ammunition to kill the last prop upon which the viablity of
much European agriculture depends.

Unless the EC is prepared to see a further increase in its budget as it
stockpiles surplus oil seed production instead of exporting it, the CAP will
have to be rethought from first foundations, and the US will have secured a
major aim of its foreign policy.

So should the US be pushing so hard, and should the British be so willing to
appease it? Mr Major may have survived the motion on Maastricht by three votes;
but the French prime minister Pierre Beregovoy survived a vote of censure over
EC farm reforms by a similar margin.

British agriculture is suffering as acutely as its French counterpart. We have
closed most of our coal industry; is agriculture to go the same way?

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited

                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Northern Star (Clinton, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2015

Family Farms Remain The Cornerstone of U.S. Agriculture;
March is National Ag Month...

BYLINE: The Northern Star staff

LENGTH: 365  words


Posted by Virginia Harris, Demographer, National Agricultural Statistics Service
As you can imagine, Census of Agriculture is a virtual data gold mine for an
agricultural demographer. And as we celebrate U.S. agriculture this week, with
the help of the Census data we can focus on the key element of our nation's
agriculture - family farms.

Of the 2.1 million farms in the United States in 2012, 97 percent were
family-owned operations. Eighty-eight percent of all farms were small family
farms. This group included farms such as retirement farms, farms with operators
working part-time off-farm, as well as farms with less than $350,000 in gross
cash farm income.

Now I know that even $350,000 seems like a lot of money, especially for a small
operation, but let's not forget that this is based only on income. There are
also many input costs that go into farming. In fact, out of all of these small
farms, only 41 percent reported positive income from farming.

While small family farms represent an overwhelming portion of all farms in the
country, not surprisingly they cover a significantly smaller portion of U.S.
farmland. In 2012, small farms operated just under half (48 percent) of all
farmland and owned 47 percent of the value of farm real estate, which includes
land and buildings. They accounted for 20 percent of agriculture sales and 5
percent of the country's net farm income in 2012. They held 40 percent of the
U.S. cattle inventory and 89 percent of the horse inventory, and grew 64 percent
of all acres in forage production.

On the demographics front, the youngest farmers among all groups were operators
whose primary occupation is off the farm, with an average age of 52.8 years.
Retirement farms and low-sales farms had higher proportions of female principal
operators (17 and 18 percent, respectively) than did all U.S. farms (14
percent).

This small sampling of the millions of data points starts to show how diverse
and important family farms are to the economy and rural America. Yet it barely
scratches the surface of available information. There are always new findings
and new trends hidden behind all of the numbers. So feel free to peruse the
Census data on your own.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Northern Star

                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 15, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

A Panel Is Formed On Meatpacking

BYLINE: By Bloomberg Business News

SECTION: Section D;   Page 2;   Column 4;   Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 166 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 14


Dan Glickman, Agriculture Secretary, appointed a panel today to determine
whether large meatpackers use their market power to hold down prices for cattle
and hogs.

Mr. Glickman named the 21-member panel after a $500,000 Agriculture Department
study failed to come up with evidence that large companies manipulate prices.
Mr. Glickman said the study did not go far enough.

Some farmers and ranchers have contended that declining prices cannot be
explained by market forces alone. They blame the increased concentration of
large meatpackers.

In releasing an 85-page report on the study, Mr. Glickman said it "does not
definitively answer the questions and concerns of producers and others about the
potential effect of concentration in agriculture."

The advisory panel, which includes eight livestock farmers and two officials
from big meatpacking companies, will give the Agriculture Department "a more
balanced view" from people with a practical knowledge of the industry, he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Tennessee: Organic farming, nutrition experts convene at Vanderbilt for TN Local
Food Summit

LENGTH: 668  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Vanderbilt University, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news
release:

Barefoot Farmer" Jeff Poppen, host of Nashville Public Television's long-running
program Volunteer Gardener and one of the nation's leading authorities on
organic farming, will join a host of national experts on organic farming and
nutrition, including award-winning local chefs, for a series of workshops and
cooking demonstrations at the 2014 Tennessee Local Food Summit Dec. 5, 6 and 7
at Vanderbilt University.

The three-day event kicks off with dinner and music on the grounds of Vanderbilt
Dyer Observatory, followed by workshops at the Vanderbilt Recreation and
Wellness Center, a concert and dinner at The University Club of Nashville, and
on-site workshops at Bells Bend Neighborhood Farms.

The community event is being hosted by Health Plus, a division of Vanderbilt
Health and Wellness, which houses three nationally recognized programs that
provide support for the health and productivity of university employees as well
as people throughout the Middle Tennessee region.

Registration for the summit and more information about this year's speakers and
workshops is available online at TNLocalFoodSummit. Space is limited, so early
registration is strongly encouraged.

Poppen operates one of the oldest and largest organic farms in Tennessee, writes
a local column about his organic farming musings for the Macon County Chronicle,
hosts a popular public television program on WNPT and is the author of two
books.

The Farm to Table movement has received growing national attention in recent
decades as consumers have become more aware of the health, nutritional and local
economic benefits of buying direct from local farms. Even larger, more
established food service companies and grocery store chains are now offering
their customers more fresh, locally grown produce and farm products.

In addition to Poppen, this year's event will feature experts and chefs speaking
on a wide range of topics from backyard gardening, organic agriculture, rural
economies, and nutrition to cooking and climate change.

The speakers include:

Ken Meter, president of the Crossroads Research Center in Minneapolis. Meter is
one of the foremost foods systems analysts in the nation, serving as a
consultant to the United States Department of Agriculture, the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency and
several universities.

Steve M. Johnson, medical director of Evergreen Medical Centre in Louisville,
Kentucky. Johnson is a pioneer in the field of integrative medicine with a
special focus on the connection of rational spiritual medicine to health.

Hugh Williams, an organic and biodynamic farmer for more than 40 years. Williams
is an expert orchardist who is widely respected for his experience running
successful fruit businesses and a self-contained farm.

John Ikerd, professor of agriculture and applied economics at the University of
Missouri. Ikerd is an expert on sustainability, agriculture and economics and
how the three are related.

Mark Bader, owner of Free Choice Enterprises. With expertise in ruminants and
grazing concerns, Bader travels the world advising livestock owners on
pasture-performance issues.

Richard McDonald, also known as "Dr. Bug," is a leading expert in organic pest
management. He works as the biological control administrator and state apiarist
for the North Carolina Department of Agriculture.

Hugh Lovell, an author and expert on the origins and developments of biodynamic
farming, soil health and sustainable agriculture.

Susana Lein speaking on Permaculture.

This year's summit also will feature live cooking demonstrations by these local
award- winning chefs:

Tyler Brown, executive chef of Nashville's Capitol Grille;

Sean Brock, executive chef of Husk restaurant; and

Sandor Katz, author of Art of Fermentation.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Tennessee: Organic farming, nutrition experts convene at Vanderbilt for TN Local
Food Summit

LENGTH: 668  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Vanderbilt University, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news
release:

Barefoot Farmer" Jeff Poppen, host of Nashville Public Television's long-running
program Volunteer Gardener and one of the nation's leading authorities on
organic farming, will join a host of national experts on organic farming and
nutrition, including award-winning local chefs, for a series of workshops and
cooking demonstrations at the 2014 Tennessee Local Food Summit Dec. 5, 6 and 7
at Vanderbilt University.

The three-day event kicks off with dinner and music on the grounds of Vanderbilt
Dyer Observatory, followed by workshops at the Vanderbilt Recreation and
Wellness Center, a concert and dinner at The University Club of Nashville, and
on-site workshops at Bells Bend Neighborhood Farms.

The community event is being hosted by Health Plus, a division of Vanderbilt
Health and Wellness, which houses three nationally recognized programs that
provide support for the health and productivity of university employees as well
as people throughout the Middle Tennessee region.

Registration for the summit and more information about this year's speakers and
workshops is available online at TNLocalFoodSummit. Space is limited, so early
registration is strongly encouraged.

Poppen operates one of the oldest and largest organic farms in Tennessee, writes
a local column about his organic farming musings for the Macon County Chronicle,
hosts a popular public television program on WNPT and is the author of two
books.

The Farm to Table movement has received growing national attention in recent
decades as consumers have become more aware of the health, nutritional and local
economic benefits of buying direct from local farms. Even larger, more
established food service companies and grocery store chains are now offering
their customers more fresh, locally grown produce and farm products.

In addition to Poppen, this year's event will feature experts and chefs speaking
on a wide range of topics from backyard gardening, organic agriculture, rural
economies, and nutrition to cooking and climate change.

The speakers include:

Ken Meter, president of the Crossroads Research Center in Minneapolis. Meter is
one of the foremost foods systems analysts in the nation, serving as a
consultant to the United States Department of Agriculture, the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency and
several universities.

Steve M. Johnson, medical director of Evergreen Medical Centre in Louisville,
Kentucky. Johnson is a pioneer in the field of integrative medicine with a
special focus on the connection of rational spiritual medicine to health.

Hugh Williams, an organic and biodynamic farmer for more than 40 years. Williams
is an expert orchardist who is widely respected for his experience running
successful fruit businesses and a self-contained farm.

John Ikerd, professor of agriculture and applied economics at the University of
Missouri. Ikerd is an expert on sustainability, agriculture and economics and
how the three are related.

Mark Bader, owner of Free Choice Enterprises. With expertise in ruminants and
grazing concerns, Bader travels the world advising livestock owners on
pasture-performance issues.

Richard McDonald, also known as "Dr. Bug," is a leading expert in organic pest
management. He works as the biological control administrator and state apiarist
for the North Carolina Department of Agriculture.

Hugh Lovell, an author and expert on the origins and developments of biodynamic
farming, soil health and sustainable agriculture.

Susana Lein speaking on Permaculture.

This year's summit also will feature live cooking demonstrations by these local
award- winning chefs:

Tyler Brown, executive chef of Nashville's Capitol Grille;

Sean Brock, executive chef of Husk restaurant; and

Sandor Katz, author of Art of Fermentation.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 3, 1999

Game dealer's US venison drive

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Farming, Pg.19

LENGTH: 331 words


THREE top American chefs arrived in the North-east yesterday as the area's
biggest game dealer launched a major promotion effort to recapture the market in
America for wild Scottish venison that was lost in the wake of BSE.

John Bain, of Bain of Tarves, is pulling out all the stops to ensure the three
can go home and help Scotland win back its business.

The US banned wild venison imports from Scotland in 1996 amid totally unfounded
fears that wild deer could have been exposed to BSE.

The US Department Of Agriculture lifted its ban last December, but this proved
too late to help last year's deer season. Now, however, a promotion effort is
being launched by Bain's whose venison sales before the ban accounted for up to
20% of its total sales.

Mr Bain said: "It was a fairly significant market to lose overnight. It was
pretty devastating. We are trying to create interest in the American market so
it's now a case of spending some more money on the marketing side."

Mr Bain said there was already interest in America. Two shipments of wild
venison have already been exported this season. He called for more deer
supplies, adding that increased venison sales abroad could boost sales of other
Scottish game products including pheasant, grouse, duck, pigeon and partridge.

The three chefs are Christian Delouvrier, of the five star Lespinasse in New
York City's St Regis Hotel; Wayne Nish, of the award winning March Restaurant in
New York and Craig Shelton of the Ryland Inn, New Jersey.

They are accompanied by George Faison, proprietor of D' Artagnan New York, which
purveys gourmet foods across the world and Peter Kaminsky, a celebrated food
critic with the New York Magazine and Food & Wine magazine.

The chefs yesterday toured Bain's factory at Tarves. Today and tomorrow they
will be deer stalking and grouse shooting in Sutherland, while on Sunday they
will each prepare a dish at a charity banquet being held at the Marcliffe at
Pitfodels in Aberdeen.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 6, 2012

Willcox FFA Banquet a success

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 520  words


On May 3, the annual Willcox FFA Banquet was held in the High School Gym,
sponsored by Big Tex Bar-B-Que. We would like to thank all of our sponsors and
supporters. Approximately 320 members and guests were treated to a great meal
prepared by Big Tex Bar-B-Que. Dairy Queen provided Strawberry shortcake for
dessert. Dinner was followed by an evening of celebrating successes.

Students that participated in Career Development Events were recognized for
their efforts throughout the year with a certificate, pin, or FFA patch
depending on their level of participation and achievement. Then proficiency
awards were given to students for their success with their Supervised
Agricultural Experience projects.

The following students received proficiency awards: Ag Mechanics Repair &
Maintenance and Equine Science Entre-preneurship Colton Clem. Ag Mechanics
Design and Fabrication and Specialty Crop Production Robert Atwood. Turf Grass
Management Leah Guskjolen. Agriscience Animal Systems Research and Natural
Resource Management-Robert Todd. Agriculture Processing-Zane Trem-mel.
Agriculture Sales-Clary Cunningham. Fruit Production Kaitlyn Patterson.
Diversified Ag Production Jordon Faulkner. Diversified Horticulture Jip
Roden-burg. Diversified Crop Production Jacob Collins. Vegetable
Production-Carolie Estes. Diversified Livestock Production-Ashley Bales. Goat
Production Trish Adams. Small Animal Production & Care Larae Harguess. Home &
Community Development and Landscape Management -Johanna Schmidt. Equine Science
Placement-Kendel Hale. Beef Placement and Poultry Eli Webster. Beef
Entrepre-neurship Tyler Smith. Swine Production Chance Fraze.

Students were also recognized for their academic achievement. They were Kaitlyn
Patterson-Senior, Zane Tremmel-Junior, Leah Guskjolen-Sophomore and Norma
Saldate-Freshman. The outstanding members voted by their classmates for the year
were Robert Atwood-Senior, Kendel Hale-Junior, Robert Todd-Sophomore and Trisha
Adams-Freshman. Scholarships, $8,500 worth, were given out to Seniors Kaitlyn
Patterson, Tyler Smith, Robert Atwood, Ellena Lomas, Carolie Estes, Jip
Rodenburg, and Shalyn Spence. Kaitlyn Patterson won the National FFA Scholarship
sponsored by Freedom Ford. The following seniors were also recognized with Star
Awards: Tyler Smith-Star Farmer; Robert Atwood-Star Agribusiness (State
Finalist); Carolie Estes-Star Placement. Trisha Adams-Freshman, received the
Star Green-hand award and Colton Thompson-8th grader won the Star Discovery
Award. Colton Clem was awarded the annual Car-quest/Cimmaron Hay Squeeze welder
for his Ag Mechanics maintenance and repair work.

The awards recognition ended with the induction of our new officers. They are as
follows: President -Larae Harguess, Vice-President Marisa Colbert, Secretary
Leah Guskjolen, Reporter -Kendel Hale, Treasurer -Johanna Schmidt, Sentinel
Jacob Collins, Historian Eli Webster and Officer-at-large Robert Atwood.

The Advisory board auction and Alumni raffle to benefit scholarships were both
very successful and added more excitement to the evening. Thank you again to all
sponsors and supporters.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Small Town Life

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Arizona Range News

                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Tell Policy Makers: Support Young Farmers Around the Globe!

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: Milwaukee


Biodynamic Association has issued the following press release:

It's time for a revolution in the food system--young and new farmers need
government support to nourish future generations. Farmers, businesses,
policy-makers, and educators need to promote agriculture as an intellectually
stimulating and economically sustainable career--and make jobs in agriculture
and the food system "cool" for young people all over the world.

Food Tank, as the official partner of TakePart and Pivot TV's "Food for Thought"
month, created a petition calling on government officials to provide more
resources, support, aid, and infrastructure to make farming economically viable
and environmentally sustainable for a new generation of farmers and food system
leaders. During the entire month of September, TakePart is encouraging people to
watch movie screenings every Wednesday and Sunday, including films such as Food
Inc. and Pressure Cooker. And TakePart is hosting a nightly news program,
TakePart Live, which focuses on hunger, sustainability, and industrial farming.
Viewers are presented with simple, effective ways to take action on issues right
from their computer screen.

With an ageing population of farmers, it's clear that agriculture needs to
attract more young people. This is a global challenge: half the farmers in the
United States are 55 years or older, while in South Africa, the average age of
farmers is around 62 years old.

"Agriculture has an image problem," acknowledged the Young Professionals for
Agricultural Development (YPARD). Yet, according to the Global Forum on
Agricultural Research (GFAR) two and half billion people depend on agriculture
for their livelihoods. And according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture
Organization (FAO), 27 percent of the world's population is under 10 years old
compared to only eight percent who over 65 years old.

"For decades, poor farmers were seen as a problem to be solved. But where, and
when, people and governments have been able to give them the support they need
and have understood that family farmers are, in fact, part of the solution, we
have seen promising results," said FAO Director-General José Graziano da Silva.

It's time to cultivate the next generation of food system leaders--young
farmers, agricultural entrepreneurs, agronomists, extension agents and
educators, researchers and scientists, and policy-makers who can create a more
sustainable food system.

"Increased access to education means that young people can be a force for
innovation on family farms, increasing incomes and well-being for not only
farmers, but also local communities. Young people can develop the agricultural
sector by applying new technologies to current work methods," says Mark
Holderness, Executive Secretary of GFAR.

Agriculture means more than subsistence farming--today, young people can explore
career options in permaculture design, biodynamic farming, communication
technologies, forecasting, marketing, logistics, quality assurance, urban
agriculture projects, food preparation, environmental sciences, advanced
technologies, and more.

During 2014, the International Year of Family Farming, we must do more to help
support family farmers--especially young farmers. Sign the petition to today and
tell policy makers: support young farmers around the globe!

For more information please visit: https://www.biodynamics.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

Call to end milk quota system

BYLINE: Andrew Arbuckle

LENGTH: 240  words


MOVES in Brussels that would fund short-term supply problems in the milk sector
in Europe were yesterday attacked by both Scottish and English NFUs as only
adding to bureaucracy and helping competitors.

George Jamieson, milk policy manager for NFUS, described an amendment in the
current common agricultural policy (CAP) proposals as "bureaucratic and
ineffective", with the only beneficiaries being dairy companies in New Zealand
or the United States.

The proposal, supported by the European Parliament, would maintain supply
management in the dairy sector and would require the retention of the milk quota
administrative framework.

That, according to English NFU dairy board chairman Mansel Raymond, raised
doubts about the EU commitment to the abolition of quotas.

"There are some in Europe who would like the supply of milk within the EU to
remain shackled through the back door," he said.

"Dairy farmers face increasingly volatile market conditions but the existing
tools, such as intervention, public storage and the direct payments made to
dairy farmers, are sufficient and we strongly support their continuation.
However, there should be no place in a modern market-orientated CAP for supply
management measures that penalise farmers for increasing production."

Jamieson added: "NFU Scotland believes that global markets offer Scottish dairy
producers great opportunities from which they should profit provided processors
are ambitious."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Scotland On Sunday

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

Call to end milk quota system

BYLINE: Andrew Arbuckle

LENGTH: 240  words


MOVES in Brussels that would fund short-term supply problems in the milk sector
in Europe were yesterday attacked by both Scottish and English NFUs as only
adding to bureaucracy and helping competitors.

George Jamieson, milk policy manager for NFUS, described an amendment in the
current common agricultural policy (CAP) proposals as "bureaucratic and
ineffective", with the only beneficiaries being dairy companies in New Zealand
or the United States.

The proposal, supported by the European Parliament, would maintain supply
management in the dairy sector and would require the retention of the milk quota
administrative framework.

That, according to English NFU dairy board chairman Mansel Raymond, raised
doubts about the EU commitment to the abolition of quotas.

"There are some in Europe who would like the supply of milk within the EU to
remain shackled through the back door," he said.

"Dairy farmers face increasingly volatile market conditions but the existing
tools, such as intervention, public storage and the direct payments made to
dairy farmers, are sufficient and we strongly support their continuation.
However, there should be no place in a modern market-orientated CAP for supply
management measures that penalise farmers for increasing production."

Jamieson added: "NFU Scotland believes that global markets offer Scottish dairy
producers great opportunities from which they should profit provided processors
are ambitious."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS thescotsman


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            October 31, 2005 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

SUBSIDIES PROVIDE STABILITY FOR AMERICAN DAIRY FARMERS

BYLINE: Sue Beitlich

SECTION: EDITORIAL; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 742 words


For more than 120 years, our state has been a leader in the dairy industry.
Thanks to abundant ground water, excellent forage and a climate conducive to
dairy cows, our state's early settlers realized that milking cows was rewarding
and made economic sense.

However, our state's dairy farmers were too efficient and produced more milk
than they or their immediate families could possibly consume. In an effort to
use the excess milk, artisans from throughout Europe -- seeking a better life
and greater opportunity -- settled in our state's rural communities and opened
numerous cheese and butter plants. Since that time, our state has been a
national leader in milk, cheese and butter production.

Today, Wisconsin's 15,000-plus dairy farmers annually produce more than 22
billion pounds of milk, and our cheese makers lead the nation in the production
of various cheese types. The dairy industry contributes more than $20 billion to
our state's economy.

Similar to other industries in this globalized, multinational, corporate world,
the dairy industry -- both farmers and processors -- face competing and
conflicting pressures. While some believe that the best route for agriculture is
a Darwinian-based model of survival-of-the-fittest -- where larger operators
overtake smaller operators -- others believe, including Wisconsin Farmers Union,
that locally based, family-owned, community-centered agriculture is better
equipped to produce and grow the specialized, consumer-preferred products that
are sought by today's shoppers.

Farming is a high-risk business, and is both labor- and capital-intensive. With
little immediate return on investment, basic economics suggests that few
individuals would voluntarily enter this profession without some form of risk
protection. Understanding this, and understanding that ensuring all American
consumers have access to an abundant, safe and nutritious food supply is a
national priority, the federal government has enacted a number of measures --
including providing a price safety net for various commodities -- that encourage
farmers to continue farming, growing and harvesting the food products that all
of us eat and enjoy every day. On Sept. 20, one of those safety nets expired --
the Milk Income Loss Contract program.

As president of the Wisconsin Farmers Union and a dairy farmer from Vernon
County, I am proud of the work of our state's dairy and agriculture industry. It
would be imprudent and unwise for our state and nation to walk away from the
many agriculture programs that have worked so well and provided for so many over
the years. Unfortunately, there are some people in the industry and in Congress
that want to walk away from extending the MILC safety net. This is going to
cause real harm to our rural communities. If milk prices paid to farmers dip
extremely low, dairy farmers have nowhere to turn to get them through those
tough times.

Dairy farmers do not set the price they receive for their milk. They are price
takers, not price makers. With costs to produce milk soaring due to increasing
energy, fuel and health insurance costs, the assurance of the MILC safety net is
critical. MILC is a popular program that benefits dairy farmers across the
United States, no matter what size or where they farm. It benefits consumers by
ensuring an abundant, safe and affordable food supply.

This year the United States imported more food than it exported, the first time
this has occurred in over 50 years. It becomes a national security issue if we
lose our family farmers and become reliant on other countries for our food
supply -- similar to what's happened with our dependence on foreign oil.

Political pressure from multinational corporations that seek to source their raw
products from countries that may not have the same sanitary and food safety
conditions to improve their bottom line, rather than purchase our high-quality
dairy products, may prevail.

* There are no alternative plans or programs for dairy farmers if MILC is not
extended. Government programs for all other commodities are in effect until
2007. Political campaign promises were made by candidates, including President
Bush, who promised Wisconsin farmers that MILC would be extended. Yet it hasn't
happened.

We call on Congress to work in a bipartisan effort to support dairy farmers and
consumers by extending the MILC program.

Sue Beitlich is president of the Wisconsin Farmers Union and a Vernon County
dairy farmer.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE PHOTO The Milk Income Loss Contract, a federal program that pays
dairy farmers a minimum price for their milk to protect against wildly
fluctuating market prices, expired at the end of September. A U.S. Senate
committee has recommended extending the program, with a cut in the payment rate.
The full Senate will take up the recommendation as part of the budget
reconciliation bill.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.

                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     December 28, 2003 Sunday Final Edition

Americans blame USDA, not Canada for 'downer' cow: Fate of slaughtered cow shows
government must 'clean up (its) act'

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Jim Farrell

SECTION: News; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: MATTAWA, Washington

MATTAWA, Washington -- Yesterday's announcement that the United States' first
mad cow was a from Canada shouldn't bring a declaration of war on the Canadian
beef and dairy industry, an American farmer at the centre of the crisis said.

"This is not about Canada," said Jeff Behling, owner of a 2,000-cow dairy in the
eastern Washington town of Mattawa. Mr. Behling first purchased the cow when it
initially crossed into the U.S. in August 2001. He resold the cow in a batch to
the Sunny Dene Ranch, owned by brothers Sid and William Wavrin of Wabton,
Washington.

"It's about how the meat system is flawed, absolutely flawed."

It was inevitable that a cow infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy
would turn up in the U.S., Mr. Behling said. Cows have all kinds of diseases,
and the American meat industry must keep them out of the food chain.

But when an animal with mad cow disease made its appearance in the United States
, the meatpacking industry blew it. On Dec. 9, Sunny Dene Ranch sent that cow
for slaughter. It was processed for human food even though it was a "downer,"
meaning it couldn't stand because of injury or disease.

After the cow was slaughtered, it took almost two weeks for food safety
officials to test its brain and discover it was infected with the brain-wasting
disease. By the time the first test results were in, meat from the infected
animal had already been shipped to a warehouse and Americans' confidence in the
safety of their food supply took a major hit.

"Feedlot operators and dairy farmers have to realize they can't send downers
into the human food chain," said Mr. Behling.

And what's worse is that "downers" are usually turned into ground beef, an
inexpensive product often purchased by the elderly, the young and the
underprivileged.

"My gripe is that the meat from downer cows is sold to the most critical part of
the population," Mr. Behling said. "Now all the money the dairy operators made
from slaughter over the past 10 years just went up in smoke with that one cow
that got into the human food chain."

"I've been telling the United States Department of Agriculture for years they
have to clean up their act," he said. "This industry needs reform. It needs
accountability. It needs more testing. We should be testing every animal. In the
lab, a test for BSE takes only a few minutes."

Agriculture officials believe the cow that passed through Mr. Behling's dairy
had contracted BSE from contaminated feed. When asked if Canadian animals or
Canadian cattle feed can ever be trusted again, Mr. Behling answer was: "No
problem."

"This is all about the meat supply. If anything positive is to come out of this,
I hope it will be more rigorous inspections and standards for our meat
industry."

Mr. Behling said he first learned from USDA officials on Tuesday that the
diseased animal came from Canada. Since then, he has had dozens of phone
conversations with Canadian dairy operators and cow dealers.

"They all told me they hope we don't start killing thousands of cows, the way
they did in Canada," he said.

"They all said it's about time to start using common sense. I feel the same way.
We can't do anything about the past."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 21, 1990, Friday, Final Edition

OBITUARIES;
 Soil Conservation Expert James H. Stallings Dies at 98

BYLINE: J.Y. Smith, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C6

LENGTH: 817 words


James H. Stallings, 98, a retired soil conservationist with the Department of
Agriculture who helped develop the scientific basis for what is called
no-tillage farming, a widely used technique that reduces soil erosion, died of
pneumonia Dec. 19 at the Fernwood nursing home in Bethesda.

Dr. Stallings, a former resident of Washington and Potomac, joined the
Department of Agriculture's Soil Conservation Service in North Carolina in 1934.
He was transferred to Washington in 1937, and he retired in 1962.

His early work in Washington was on flood control programs. During World War II,
he helped allocate chemical fertilizers for the War Food Administration. His
career after the war was at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, where
he was a principal soil conservationist in the Agricultural Research Service.

Dr. Stallings's work on no-tillage farming took account of the fact that the
prime causes of soil erosion are wind and rain. They are particularly damaging
to soil that has been stripped of vegetation through such cultivating techniques
as plowing and harrowing.

In no-tillage farming, the residue of one crop is used to protect the land until
the next crop matures. A field could be planted in rye, for example. When it is
harvested, the land is not tilled. Instead, a chemical pesticide is used to
control weeds. The next crop -- it could be rye again, or corn or something else
-- is planted right through the remains of the previous crop with a "no kill"
planter. In this way, the soil always has a layer of vegetation to protect it
from wind and rain.

No-tillage farming, which also is called conservation farming, has been
recommended by the Soil and Conservation Service since the 1970s, and it is now
used on about one-quarter of the farms in the United States, according to the
Soil and Conservation Service.

Born on a farm near Bryan, Tex., Dr. Stallings graduated from Texas A&M
University. He served in the Army in France in World War I. He received master's
and doctoral degrees in agronomy at Iowa State University.

He taught at Texas A&M from 1918 until 1926. He then managed an experimental
farm in Florida. From 1929 to 1934, he worked for the National Fertilizer
Association in Shreveport, La.

Dr. Stallings was the author of more than 20 papers published in professional
journals, and he wrote two textbooks, "Soil Conservation," which was used in
colleges, and "Soil: Uses and Improvement," which was used in high school
courses. He also was the soil consultant to Webster's Third International
Dictionary.

He was a member of Sigma Xi, the honorary scientific society. In retirement, he
wrote and published two books on the genealogy of his family.

His wife, the former Pearl Louis Drummond, whom he married in 1923, died in
1971.

Survivors include a son, Dr. James H. Stallings Jr. of Potomac, and five
grandchildren.

Another son, George D. Stallings, a second lieutenant in the old Army Air
Forces, was killed in action over Europe on Aug. 6, 1944, while serving as a
bombardier on a B-24 "Liberator" heavy bomber of the 8th Air Force stationed in
England.

HELEN LEARY McCAULEY

Humane Society Volunteer


Helen Leary McCauley, 96, the widow of a Navy captain and the mother of a Navy
rear admiral, died of heart ailments Dec. 14 at her son's residence in Naples,
Fla. She had had a stroke.

Mrs. McCauley lived in Washington from the mid-1930s until 1989, when she moved
to Florida. A native of Panhandle, Tex., she was a graduate of the University of
Texas School of Law.

In 1919, she married Cleveland McCauley, a Navy officer who retired as a
captain. She accompanied him to various Naval stations in this country and also
on assignments to China, Panama, Great Britain, Mexico and Hawaii, which was
then a U.S. territory.

Mrs. McCauley was a member of the Sulgrave Club and was a volunteer with the
Washington Humane Society.

Her husband died in 1948.

Survivors include a son, retired Navy Rear Adm. Brian McCauley of Naples; three
grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.

DIXIE JUGERTHA MOORE

Centenarian


Dixie Jugertha Moore, 103, a United Methodist clergyman's widow who assisted her
husband in his ministry, died of cardiac arrest Dec. 17 at Capitol Hill
Hospital.

Mrs. Moore, who lived in Washington, was born in Yadkinville, N.C. In 1914 she
married the Rev. Edward A. Moore, and she assisted him in his ministry at United
Methodist Churches in Laytonsville, Laurel and Fairmont Heights, and at East
Calvary United Methodist Church in Washington. He died in 1957.

Mrs. Moore was a member of the United Methodist Ministers Wives Association.

She participated in arts and crafts activities and acting at the Model Cities
Senior Citizens Center.

Survivors include a daughter, Marcella Moore Pope of Washington; 10
grandchildren; and 22 great-grandchildren. A son, the Rev., Charles E. Moore,
died in 1961.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post

                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday

Empower farmers with full land rights

BYLINE: ZHENG YANGPENG

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 717 words


Reform of ownership is needed to unleash all the benefits of agriculture

The rural land issue in China rarely makes the headlines, but although it is
largely out of sight, it is a bitterly contested area.

Every suggestion on further liberalizing the rigid system is quickly dismissed
as basically a knee-jerk reaction.

Thus, 37 years after the major reform that allowed Chinese farmers to work the
land on a household basis, progress is limited.

Zou Lixing, vice-president of the research institute under the China Development
Bank, was reluctant to take a stand on the issue. But he has some bold ideas, at
least by the standards of Chinese bureaucracy.

Like most of his peers, he believes that agriculture and farmers are still the
backbone of the economy and society, even though the sector generates just 5.5
percent of GDP.

The country's modernization is unsustainable without the concurrent
modernization of the agricultural sector, he said.

For that reason, he gave his new English-language book the title of China Base:
County-Level Economy and Society.

He forecast that even at the end of this century, agriculture will remain the
economy's pillar by some measures, with this sector employing 20 to 30 percent
of the working population.

"China is not going to be like the United States, where agriculture sector
workers account for just 2 percent of the population. China, with its land
constraints, will not be like the US where large-scale farming prevails," he
said.

That long-term projection leads to his foundational argument: land rights should
belong to the tillers. The "tillers" are not necessarily individual farmers but
also professional planters, farming cooperatives and agricultural corporations.
Whatever they are, they should focus on farming, not real estate development,
for instance.

But while those views seem self-evident elsewhere in the world, they are not the
reality in China. The constitution still defines rural land as "collectively
owned", which in reality, according to Zou, equates to "township government
owned".

Farmers, though having a 30-year contract to plow the small plots assigned by
the government, are not able to transfer, collateralize or sell those plots
freely. In Zou's words, farmers' "usage rights" to the land are hollow. Local
governments retain real control over the land, which they can "expropriate" as
"State-owned construction land" and sell to developers at an astonishing
premium.

The long-term solution, he said, is the "actualization" of tillers' usage
rights. Privatization of the "collectively owned" land remains a political taboo
in this socialist country, but the "usage rights" could be separated from the
"ownership", with its legal status fully enshrined in the laws.

The status, he argued, should at least be equal to "ownership", so that under
this protection farmers can transfer rights to other "tillers" as they wish, as
long as the land is used for farming.

"After getting clearly defined rights to exploit the land, is there somewhere
they can take it?" Zou asked, suggesting that the government has nothing to
fear.

The problem with the "land expropriation" system, he argued, is that land is
sold on a one-off basis, while the State loses the ensuing added-value
permanently.

He said that to better exercise the "ownership" of the State, the central
government should transfer or rent the "usage rights" of the land to developers,
and use the compensation to set up a "national land provision fund".

Meanwhile, a certain portion of land could be demarcated as provincial-and
county-owned land, just like in the United States where federal, state and
county land coexists with private land.

Local governments in China can rely on these lands to set up their own "land
funds", which could openly trade options with the national fund.

"In the old system, all local governments covet State-owned land and they
expropriate the land as much as they can. The new design would allow local
governments to treasure their own land while the national fund serves to ensure
ensuing benefits of the land and also balance regional disparities," he said.

In summary, policymakers should have a long-term vision when making short-term
policy. To modernize the rural sector, empowering the 620 million farmers with
"actual usage rights" is a prerequisite.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved

                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 18, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

WHAT ON EARTH?  A WEEKLY LOOK AT TRENDS, PEOPLE AND EVENTS AROUND THE WORLD

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 345 words


FARMING THE WATERS

More than 1 billion people, mostly in developing countries, depend on fish as a
primary source of animal protein. But with annual worldwide fish catches at more
than 80 million tons, the upper limits of sustainability have been reached. Fish
farming, or aquaculture, is becoming more popular, particularly in developing
countries. In 1994, more than 19 million tons of fish were harvested from
aquaculture, providing about 15 percent of all seafood produced.

Increase of aquaculture:

1984:7.5 million tons harvested

catch: 92%

farming 8%

1994: 19 million tons harvested

catch: 85%

farming 15%

2010 projection: 39 million tons harvested

catch: 73%

farming 27%

Fish as proportion of total animal protein consumption

Far East 27.8%

Africa 21.1

Western Europe 9.7

Latin America and Caribbean 8.2

Near East 7.8

North America 6.6

Top producers in 1994, in tons

China 10,612,473

India 1,609,196

Japan 781,027

Indonesia 662,427

Thailand 519,373

United States 401,04

Philippines 380,480

South Korea 342,785

France 280,872

Bangladesh 269,560

Norway 218,124

Shrimp -- high-value export product; about half of harvest comes from
aquaculture.

Carp -- widely cultivated in Asia and Europe

Tilapia -- mainstay of small-scale aquaculture by poor farmers in China,
Philippines and Thailand.

Salmon -- grown in marine cages, particularly in

Canada, Chile and Australia.

Crayfish -- grown mostly in the U.S.

Catfish -- grown mostly in the U.S.

SOURCES: Food and Agriculture Organization of the U.N., Consultative Group on
International Agricultural Research


LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, john anderson

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post

                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          December 29, 1988, Thursday

COMMODITY BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 344 words


FAVORABLE WEATHER

AIDS THAILAND'S CROPS

BANGKOK, Thailand - Thailand's major crop production in 1988-89 has expanded
considerably, the Ministry of Agriculture announced, due mainly to favorable
weather conditions.

It said production of 13 of 15 major crops will increase sharply. The ministry
forecast rice production would increase 2.3 million metric tons, or 15.07
percent, from the previous year's crop. Maize production should rise 85.7
percent to 5.166 million tons, while the cassava root crop should expand 5.13
percent to 23.451 million tons.

Sorghum production should rise 11.98 percent to 215,000 tons, with soybean
production up 44.97 percent to 490,000.

USDA MAY STANDARDIZE

CALF-DRUG CERTIFICATES

WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture proposed to standardize
certificates signed by producers of young calves stating their animals are free
of drug residues at slaughter.

In addition to standardizing the certificates, the proposal would also impose
possible penalties to producers of $ 250,000 to $ 500,000 for willfully
falsifying information on the form.

Under the proposed rule, the producer and all subsequent owners would certify
the calves drug-free for the certification to be valid. Currently, only
producers certify animals.

DRY WEATHER IMPERILS

WINTER WHEAT CROP

WASHINGTON - Dry weather continues to be a problem for the 1989 winter wheat
crop in much of the southern Great Plains, a government report said.

Winter wheat fields in Kansas continued to show signs of moisture stress," the
Joint Agricultural Weather Facility said. Greenbug infestation was a continuing
problem."

Texas farmers have been spraying to control the greenbugs, and much of the
winter wheat crop in the state also is hurting from lack o f moisture.

In Colorado, the wheat crop was in mostly good" condition during the week of
Dec. 19-25, but more snow cover was needed, the report said. Montana's winter
wheat was reported in mostly fair to good" shape, and the Oregon crop was said
to be in mostly good" condition.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             October 3 1988, Monday

Gloomy outlook for cereal farmers; The Times crop survey

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63202.

LENGTH: 436 words


Britain's cereal growers are facing a difficult and uncertain future after years
of prosperity as the most privileged sector of the farming industry.

While livestock producers are recovering from the effects of milk production
quotas imposed in 1984, and most dairy farmers are thriving, arable farmers have
suffered their second poor harvest in succession.


The Times crop survey, published today, confirms official forecasts that it is
unlikely to be much over 21 million tonnes. The expected rise in world prices,
as a result of the North American drought, has so far failed to materialize.

Consumption of grain in the United States this year is expected to exceed
production for the first time, but the shortfall can easily be made good from
government intervention stocks.

Many parts of Europe have had a good harvest and even in Britain a surplus of
milling wheat and malting barley has dashed growers' hopes of earning a premium.

The current lack of confidence is reflected in a drastic drop in fertilizer
sales, by as much as 80per cent according to some reports. Dr Denis Hardwick,
scientific adviser to the Fertilizer Manufacturers Association, said the figures
were confidential, but it would be 'absolutely right' to suggest that sales were
well down.

A spokesman for ICI, which accounts for about half of British fertilizer sales,
confirmed that demand in July and August was almost negligible, although he
expected it to pick up as the autumn planting season got under way.

However, there are two other factors to be taken into account. One is increasing
concern about nitrate pollution of water supplies, which may force the
Government to define zones where the application of nitrogen fertilizers would
be strictly controlled.

The other is the Government's 'set-aside' scheme, under which farmers are to be
paid to leave land fallow in order to reduce cereal surpluses. The closing date
for applications has been postponed until October 1 and the Ministry of
Agriculture is refusing to give any details about the response.

ISLAMABAD: The US yesterday narrowed its proposals on reforming the world's farm
trade which could leave the European Community more isolated than ever (Reuter
reports).

Mr Clayton Yeutter, the US Trade Representative at a meeting here to review
international trade negotiations, said Washington was ready to accept proposals
to freeze and gradually cut subsidies on food output and exports as the basis
for talks, but only if Western Europe committed itself to long-term fundamental
reforms, chiefly the elimination of all subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited

                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        DeWitt Era-Enterprise (Arkansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 11, 2010

Thirsty fields soak up rain;
UA Division of Agriculture

BYLINE: DeWitt Era-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 455  words


Arkansas' farms, thirsty afterone of the driest Octobers since records were
first kept, greedily drank in the rain that fell last week.

" We had an average of 1.5 - to 1.75 inches," Gus Wilson, Chicot County
extension staff chair for the University of Arkansas Division of Agriculture,
said. "There is very little water standing -- the ground soaked it all up."

Much of the state's harvesting is complete, or nearly so. According to the
National Agricultural Statistics Service report Monday, the rice harvest is
completed, the cotton harvest is 98 percent through, and 93 percent of soybeans
have been harvested.

"We might have a few soybeans still to be harvest, but I would say that we are
99.9 percent done vvi th all the crops," Wilson said. "Give us two days of
sunshine, and our producers should get back in the fields."

He said most of the county's producers have their land worked
inanticipationofthe2011 growing season. "The majority of the land is in great
shape."

Chad Norton, extension staff chair in nearby Lincoln County, echoed Wilson's
observations.

However, "We are going to need several good rains to fill the stock ponds back
up. They are as low as I have ever seen them," Norton said. "This rain did
nothing to help that."

1, onoke County extension agent Keith Perkins said, "We had a lot of wheat acres
planted prior to this rain. This rain is good that it will activate residual
herbicides and give moisture to young and just-planted wheat," he said. "This
rain will soak in, and farmers will have opportunity to finish planting wheat
aftera few days of drying."

A few farmers harvested second growth, or ratooned, rice, Perkins said.

The rainstorms also produced a few fringe benefits.

"This rain helped knock off some leaves, making it better for my kids this youth
deer season on Saturday," Perkins said. He added that the rain was not much help
for ducks, but some farmers are pumping to help the winter field flooding along.

In the northeastern part of the state, the rain gauges didn't have much to
report.

"We only received 0.4 inches of rain at my house," said White County extension
agent Keith Martin. "That won't last very long and is probably not enough to get
very much wheat planted. Some may plant hoping for more rain later since it is
getting late for planting wheat."

"As for the forages, the rain will green things up a little, but it will be dry
again in a few days," he said. "We need a general rain."

In Searcy, October 2010 was the ninth-driest on record, with just 0.61 inches
reported.

For more i nformation about crop production, visit www.uaex.edu or contact your
local county extension agent. For more information on the state's drought
status, visit http://www.srh.noaa.gov/lzk/?n=rainlll0.htm.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 DeWitt Era-Enterprise

                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           August 28, 2002, Wednesday

DEARER SUBSIDY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 70 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture had admitted that the new special
subsidy payable to US milk producers, agreed in May and backdated to December
last year, will cost an estimated $ 905 million this year and $ 1.2 billion in
2003.

It was estimated that itwould cost between $ 100m and $ 500m a year.

The likely increased cost is because of the sharp fall in US milk prices since
late last year.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited

                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

Agriculture projects could aid diversity of economy

BYLINE: Kyle Lovern, Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 914 words


March 31--For many years leaders in Mingo County have said the economy needs to
be diversified.

This area has long depended on employment from the coal mining industry and its
residual offspring, such as the railroad, to balance the economy.

Now the Mingo County Redevelopment Authority, under the direction of former
House of Delegates member Steve Kominar, hopes that agriculture is the wave of
the future for this area.

"When we did our strategic plan for the Mingo County Redevelopment Authority,
one of the things that became glaringly obvious to us is that agriculture is an
industry that we have completely forgotten about," Kominar said.

"I looked at the USDA report and it classified us as agriculturally barren," he
added. "If you start thinking about that, if something were to happen to our
food chain, then we would go hungry."

Kominar, along with others, believe that all of the postmine land that is now
available is the ideal location for several projects that could become
successful business ventures.

"It seems like we could do something on this land," Kominar said. "We have 12
different partner agencies now and are working toward this goal.

"We have everything from hog farms and cattle and sheep farms," Kominar said.
"We can use the waste from these farms to put back into our mine-scarred land to
make it productive in a couple of years.

"We have thousands of developable acres," Kominar said. "We just aren't
utilizing this land."

Kominar and others have taken trips to other areas of the country to see similar
projects. They are hoping to learn from those agricultural developments in
places like Southern Ohio to try to make these types of projects successful in
Southern West Virginia.

Kominar would like to see more local farming. He said there is a market for
these types of ventures.

He said the Mingo County Diabetes Coalition has done a great job with the
Farmers Market in downtown Williamson and the community gardens in East
Williamson.

"We would like to expand upon this," he added.

"One of our high schools -- Tug Valley -- now has an agricultural department and
has built its own greenhouse," Kominar said. "They are doing a great job with
that."

"This tells us there is an interest. This could become a big industry in Mingo
County," Kominar said of future entrepreneurs.

Kominar said statistics show that West Virginians consume billions of dollars
worth of agricultural products, but the state only produces a small fraction of
those foods and products.

"Basic math tells us there is a significant market for agricultural products
here in our state and Mingo County," Kominar said.

He said in other countries some families can take four or five acres and grow
enough products to make a living.

Kominar had previously announced that the state would be locating a hog farm in
Mingo County. This will likely be on a former mountaintop mining site. Kominar
has identified one location near Laurel Creek that would be suitable for such a
farm.

Another product that might be developed in West Virginia and in this region is
hemp. The climate for this plant, which is a distant cousin to marijuana, is
perfect.

"The MCRA is one of the frontrunners for getting permits to allow the growth of
industrial hemp in this state," Kominar said.

Kentucky already has a nonprofit organization that is identifying what plants of
this type will grow best in this region.

Hemp is a plant that is low in THC, but it can be used for such products as
rope. However, there are many more uses for this plant. Hemp is used for many
varieties of products, including the manufacturing of durable clothing. Hemp
products are commonly blended with other organic fibers such as flax, cotton or
silk, for apparel and furnishings.

It can also be used to make an oil, and studies are being done to see if it can
be used for medicinal purposes.

A survey in 2003 showed that more than 95 percent of hemp seed sold was used in
animal and bird feed. Hemp seed is also used as a fishing bait.

In addition, Hemp is used for industrial purposes, including paper, textiles,
biodegradable plastics, insulation, body products, health food and biofuel.

Currently the United States is importing these products. But, if they could be
grown here, it could be a big economic boost to Appalachia.

The MCRA is working with West Virginia University and West Virginia State to see
what other agricultural products might be grown on postmine land.

In the past, experimental farms grew grapes, blackberries, apples and peaches in
Mingo County.

Many think these kinds of crops, and perhaps potato farming, could be
productive, and provide a food source for the state. A good example of another
state that depends greatly on farming is Idaho.

Idaho is an important agricultural state, producing nearly one-third of the
potatoes grown in the United States. They also grow three varieties of wheat
known as, Dark Northern Spring, Hard Red, and Soft White.

This is a huge part of that state's economy.

Kominar and his board at the MCRA hope that agriculture will be a successful
venture for Mingo County. The sky is the limit for the economic impact this
industry could have in this part of the state.

Kyle Lovern is sports editor of the Williamson Daily News. He can be contacted
at klovern@civitasmedia.com or at 304-235-4242, ext. 33 or on Twitter
@KyleLovern.

___ (c)2014 Williamson Daily News (Williamson, W.Va.) Visit Williamson Daily
News (Williamson, W.Va.) at www.williamsondailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140331-UX-Agriculture
-projects-could-aid-diversity-of-economy-0331-20140331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UX


                                 Copyright 2014

                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 7, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

bush's budget;
AGRICULTURE;
Biodiesel in energy spotlight;
A boost for the hybrid fuel could help a Minnesota farm cooperative that uses
soybeans. But others in farming are less happy with the budget proposal that
includes an across-the-board crop subsidies cut.

BYLINE: Kevin Diaz, Aaron Blake, Staff Writers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 351 words

DATELINE: Washington, D.C.


A $150 million biofuels initiative in President Bush's budget put the spotlight
Monday on a Minnesota farm co-op that's been in the business for six months.

Tucked in a little box of the president's 2007 budget, the White House featured
the SoyMor farmer's cooperative in Albert Lea, near the border with Iowa.

The cooperative, made up of 600 farm families in Minnesota and Iowa, opened the
state's third biodiesel plant in August. The facility is on track to produce 30
million gallons of biodiesel a year, providing a new market for the area's
soybean crop, the White House said.

The announcement came as a surprise to Roger Peterson, president of SoyMor's
board of directors, though he took it in stride.

"Minnesota produces the lion's share of biodiesel in the United States," he
said. "We've been the leader in the nation on this for some time."

A $500,000 market development grant from Washington was a small part of the
facility's overall $27 million cost, Peterson said. But, he added, "it gave us
some credibility."

But if the state's farmers are happy to be part of the administration's energy
proposals, they're less enthusiastic about taking part in the president's budget
trimming.

Bush proposed a 5 percent across-the-board reduction for federal crop subsidies,
which would save nearly $5 billion over 10 years. He also renewed his call for a
$250,000 cap on individual farm payments, a limit that would affect about 15 of
Minnesota's largest farm owners.

Both proposals are expected to encounter a fight in Minnesota.

"We view the farm programs as a safety net," said Kevin Paap, a Mankato farmer
who heads the Minnesota Farm Bureau.

Among the affected programs would be the Milk Income Loss Contract, which
subsidizes milk producers when prices drop.

The budget also would institute a 1.2-percent marketing fee on sugar processors.
Steve Williams, president of the Red River Valley Sugarbeet Growers Association,
said the tax would cost Minnesota and North Dakota sugar beet growers about $17
million to $18 million per year. The Red River Valley accounts for about half of
the nation's sugar beet acreage.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 9, 1986, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Veal containing banned steroid was on the market, Ottawa says

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 266 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - Milk-fed veal considered unfit for human consumption was
available on the market last year, says an official with the federal agriculture
department.

Dr. Andre Gravel, assistant director of hygiene at Agriculture Canada's meat
department in Ottawa, said the government seized 202 carcasses of milk-fed veal
last month because they had been injected with an anabolic steroid that is
banned in Canada and the United States.

The seized veal had come from Quebec slaughterhouses, Gravel said.

Were approved

He added that it was impossible to determine whether other veal injected with
the illegal substance - aimed at speeding up growth in the animals - escaped the
notice of department inspectors and reached the public.

A civil servant with the federal agriculture department in Quebec, who wished to
remain anonymous, said department inspectors approved the carcasses last autumn,
thinking they had been inoculated with legal hormones.

The inspectors eventually were tipped off that something might be wrong when
they saw that the calves had been given injections in the breast, a practice not
accepted in Canada.

12,000 remain

Later tests showed that the veal contained the steroid, which is said to form a
possibly toxic residue.

The department estimates that some 12,000 live calves that have been injected
with the substance remain on Quebec farms.

Several cattle producers in Quebec said the anabolic steroid was first imported
illegally into Canada early last year. The steroid is approved in some
countries, including France and Spain.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 19, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S.-SOVIET ACCORD ON FARMS SIGNED

BYLINE: By SETH MYDANS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 8, Column 4; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW, June 18


The Under Secretary of Agriculture, Daniel Amstutz, said here today that the
Soviet Union and the United States had agreed to resume agricultural cooperation
broken off after Soviet forces swept into Afghanistan in late 1979.

He said at a news conference that an accord signed after two days of talks
provided for exchanges of information, research and application of technology in
a number of agricultural areas. The two countries already have an agreement
regarding grain sales.

The new accord provides for exchanges of scientists and crop information,
although, Mr. Anstutz said, ''not be as much as we would like.''

Since 1980, the Soviet Union has imposed total secrecy on the size of its grain
harvest and on grain yields per acre, both on a national basis and for
individual regions. It still reports the size of other major crops such as sugar
beets, cotton, sunflower seeds and flax.

Mr. Amstutz said the current agreement, which resumes agricultural contacts
first started in 1973, took six months to negotiate. It follows a statement by
President Reagan last year that he wanted closer links in a number of areas,
including agriculture.

The Soviet Agriculture Minister, Valentin K. Mesyats, was in the United States
late last year and invited Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block to return the
visit.

The accord today provides for an exchange of 15 Soviet and 15 American young
farmers who will exchange places to learn about farming methods.

He said Soviet officials sounded optimistic about this year's grain crop and
expected it to exceed last year's, though no figures were offered.

The United States Department of Agriculture makes its own estimates of the
Soviet grain crop in the absence of Soviet official information, and expects the
grain crop this year to be 195 million metric tons compared with an estimate of
175 million for the 1984 harvest.

Agriculture has been a perennial trouble area in the Soviet economy, with a
series of poor harvests in the early 1980's. The average grain crop in the
five-year period 1976-80, before a statistical blackout was imposed in 1981, was
205 million metric tons.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 1, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid to Farmers Fall

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 31


Corn prices fell to their lowest level in more than four years in August,
joining with weaker wheat prices to push down overall prices paid to farmers,
the Agriculture Department said today.

The index, which gauges the prices paid to farmers for their crops and
livestock, fell seven-tenths of one percent since July. Its August reading of
137 was nine points lower than one year earlier.

"Corn was down 19 cents, to $2.13 per bushel, the lowest since June of 1988,"
the department said in a monthly report.

Rice prices fell 13 cents during the month, the fifth decline in six months, to
average $6.81 for 100 pounds at the farm gate. Sorghum was down 3 cents to
average $3.77 for 100 pounds.

Barley and oats also posted declines. Soybean prices averaged $5.34 a bushel,
down 25 cents.

Cattle, onions, strawberries and lettuce prices rose during the month.

Beef cattle prices averaged $71.30 for 100 pounds, up 70 cents from July. Steers
and heifers sold for an average $74.50, up from $73.90 in July.

Hog prices averaged $44.30 for 100 pounds in August, 10 cents less than in July.
Barrows and gilts were down 20 cents, to average $45.30.

Onions sold for $15.70 for 100 pounds in August, up from $12.20 in July.
Strawberries sold for 77.1 cents a pound, up from 49.5 cents in July. Lettuce
prices were up $6.60 for 100 pounds to average $19.70.

Tomato and potato prices fell.

The major reason the index was lower than one year ago was the record-high
orange prices that prevailed last August, the department said. Otherwise, the
index would have been one point higher than one year ago.

In August 1991, oranges sold for $18.79 a box. The average price during the last
month was $1.56 a box. Orange prices soared last August because of severe freeze
damage in California in the previous winter.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Farm Prices" shows index of prices received by farmers; all
items, 1977 = 100, March 1991-April 1992. (Sources: Agriculture Department)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 31, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

American Dirt, Mexican Grit: New York's Newest Farmers

BYLINE: By JENNIFER MEDINA

SECTION: Section 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1058 words

DATELINE: PINE ISLAND, N.Y., Oct. 24


It was the end of harvest season and Martin Rodriguez had plenty of work to do.
There were chilies to pick, rows of crops to clean and soil to turn over.

First, though, the farmer had to get to his farm.

So just as he had done every day for the last six months, Mr. Rodriguez began
the drive from his apartment in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, for the two-hour trip to
the six-acre farm he runs in Orange County.

Like other farms in the Hudson Valley, Mr. Rodriguez's produces lettuce,
brussels sprouts and tomatoes. But alongside stand neat rows of four kinds of
tomatillos and Mexican herbs with names like ''tlalpanche,'' ''alache'' and
''pipicha'' -- none of which have an English translation.

The specialty produce earned Mr. Rodriguez near-celebrity status at farmers'
markets in East Harlem, Jackson Heights and Sunset Park, where on good days he
sold as much as $1,500 in produce.

Mr. Rodriguez has become a success story for the New Farmer Development Project,
a program run by New York City's Greenmarket program to encourage Hispanic
immigrants to farm in the region. The program, which started in 2000, runs a
training course to teach immigrants who have agricultural experience how to
navigate the farming industry.

Although 85 people have completed the course, only eight, including Mr.
Rodriguez, are running farms in the region. About a dozen others are working on
training farms on Staten Island and in Brooklyn or helping on other farms in the
area.

The city's program is tapping into a demographic shift taking place across the
country as a growing number of immigrant farmers change the face of agriculture,
experts say. The number of Hispanic workers who rely on farming for their
livelihood has nearly doubled to 29,050 in the last decade, according to the
United States Department of Agriculture. Almost all of the increase can be
attributed to immigrants, said Rachel Dannefer, the Brooklyn-based coordinator
of the National Immigrant Farming Initiative, which collects information from
some 20 programs nationwide that promote farming by immigrants.

Still, trying to succeed as a farmer has not been easy for Mr. Rodriguez.

The commute, usually done in the dark hours before sunrise, has taken a toll.
''There's never enough sleep,'' Mr. Rodriguez said as he drove in his van to the
farm recently.

He is unlikely to make much of a profit this year. Each trip to the farm has
meant spending $50 on gas, and there is a stack of bills in his apartment yet to
be paid. He is not sure how much money he will have left after he pays his
bills.

The list of uncertainties is long. Will he have to find another job for the
winter? Will he rent the same land next year? Will he be able to rent or buy a
tractor? Will he be able to find a place to live closer to the farm?

''We only need two things to make it better,'' Mr. Rodriguez said. ''A machine
and a house.''

Just a few days after completing the city's 12-week training program in April,
Mr. Rodriguez told Kate Granger, the program's director, that he wanted to start
a 10-acre farm on the land in Pine Island. The program maintains a list of
farmers in the region willing to rent part of their land. Mr. Rodriguez pays
$250 an acre in rent for the season.

''I really wasn't sure it was possible,'' Ms. Granger said. ''It's an incredibly
tough business that needs so much planning.''

She persuaded him to limit the farm to six acres, and Mr. Rodriguez heeded
advice about laying down black plastic sheeting to protect the crops, but he
ignored warnings that he was planting seedlings too early.

By the time Mr. Rodriguez began selling his produce at the markets, Ms. Granger
was convinced that his determination was paying off. Customers at farmers'
markets would start lining up at his booth, called RodriMex, by 7 a.m., two
hours before he would arrive with the freshest produce. ''There was no other
place for them to go,'' said Garencia, Mr. Rodriguez's wife, who often sold some
produce before Mr. Rodriguez arrived with the day's latest pickings.

The crops her husband and his brother, Pedro Rodriguez, were growing were the
same vegetables and herbs that she had cooked with before she immigrated from
Puebla, Mexico, about 16 years ago.

At the markets, Ms. Rodriguez would arrange the produce and explain to customers
how to use the products. Three of her daughters and some of her nieces, who
range from 7 to 12 years old, would help translate.

It was not difficult for Mr. Rodriguez to decide what kind of crops to plant.
John Ameroso, an educator from Cornell University's cooperative extension
service who teaches the 12-week training class, told him that familiar crops
would start a customer base. The additions were a matter of pride.

''I grew them because I'm Mexican,'' he said with a proud grin. ''I knew the
other Mexicans would buy them. But I didn't think the 'gringos' would like them
so much.''

On nights when they had to water the crops at 2 a.m., the Rodriguez brothers
would sleep in the van on blankets spread out on black rubber mats. They would
awaken before dawn to gather the crops that must be sold the same day they were
harvested.

In Sunset Park, Ms. Rodriguez would worry that her husband might fall asleep on
the road. ''I'd tell him just to sleep for a few hours, that it would make him
feel better, but he doesn't always do that,'' she said.

This year there were no other options. There are no houses for rent in the area,
and the family cannot afford to buy one.

In addition to the agricultural challenges that all farmers face, immigrant
farmers, many of whom do not speak English, can find it difficult to get loans
to purchase land or a home. Several have illegally crossed the border from
Mexico and drive without a license.

Mr. Rodriguez seems certain that he will farm again next year, even if he must
continue the grueling commute.

''How can you stop when there are all these people who believe in you?'' he
said. As Martin and Pedro Rodriguez picked the last of the jalapenos, two of
their daughters trailed behind them, collecting green and red peppers in their
own baskets. Martin Rodriguez took off his white cowboy hat and fanned himself.

''That's it, the season is over,'' Pedro Rodriguez said. Martin filled the van
with bushels of chiles and a few carrots, then started the engine for the
two-hour drive.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Martin Rodriguez ending a day on his six acres of leased
farmland in Orange County, and facing the two-hour commute back home to
Brooklyn.
 Along with the usual crops like carrots and lettuce, Mr. Rodriguez has grown
Mexican chili peppers, right, for sale in farmers' markets. (Photographs by John
Marshall Mantel for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 14, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Farm Policies Draw Warning

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 172 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 13


This country's farm policies and laws, originally conceived to combat crop
surpluses and low farm prices and basically unchanged in the past 50 years, are
out of date, the Agriculture Department said today.

Unless these are changed, American farms will continue to grow larger and
control of food resources will be concentrated in the hands of fewer persons,
the department's farm structure study, 22 months in preparation, asserts.

Secretary of Agriculture Bob Bergland said the study showed that current
programs designed to protect family farming were actually pushing families out
of farming and keeping new farmers from entering it.

The study, Mr. Bergland said, was the most important internal activity the
department had undertaken in the last four years. He had hoped to use it as a
guide in formulating a new farm law, which the Reagan administration and the new
Congress must do this year, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            June 25, 1998, Thursday

Florida drought socks farmers

BYLINE: BY LESTER ALDRICH

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 514 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo.


Florida's worst drought since possibly 1952 is hurting the state's economy, but
no one knows how badly yet.

The worst areas for drought are the 40 counties north of Ocala, which leaves out
the state's critical concentrations of vegetable and citrus producers, said Bob
Blankenship, economic researcher for the state Department of Agriculture.

About 18 percent of Florida's total agriculture is in the affected area, Mr.
Blankenship said. But because of wildfires in other areas, all but two of
Florida's counties are federal disaster areas.

        In 1997, Florida had about $4.0 billion worth of crops, with about $250
million in the drought-affected area, he said.

State agriculture officials are sure that some farmers are going out of business
or are about to get out, he said. And many of those about to leave are good
farmers. They've just been hit with their third consecutive year of reduced
crops. The past two years have had yields reduced by hurricanes or other storms.

Fortunately for the state's economy, Florida's main citrus and winter vegetable
crop seasons are past, Mr. Blankenship said. And their main locations are south
of the hardest-hit north.

        The crops grown in the northern areas are corn, peanuts, cotton and hay,
with hay and corn the hardest hit. But in the area, all 600,000 acres of major
cropland are affected by drought. Part of the state's cattle and dairy and most
of its chicken production is there as well.

Area farmers have lost an estimated $100 million in 1998 sales because of the
drought, Mr. Blankenship said.

        Corn and hay each have lost $20 million, he said. This represents about
90 percent of the annual corn sales from 95,000 planted acres and 30 percent of
annual hay production from 200,000 planted acres.

The northern counties of Florida have about 90,000 acres of peanuts this year,
and officials are estimating 25 to 30 percent is lost if it starts raining now.
Similar percentage losses are estimated in the area's 103,000 planted cotton
acres, its 17,000 acres of watermelons and 35,000 acres of soybeans.

About 30 percent of Florida's cattle are in the hardest-hit northern area, Mr.
Blankenship said. Many cattlemen are selling their livestock because they have
run out of options, he said. Hay prices for shipped-in product have nearly
doubled in the past month to about $60.00 to $65.00 a short ton from $30.00 to
$35.00.

Milk production also has declined 25 percent across the state during the past
month, he said.

      In addition, wildfires have cut timber harvest values by $10 million this
year, Mr. Blankenship said.

        As farmers try to deal with the losses and try to cut expenses, they are
trimming or halting fertilizer, pesticide and herbicide applications, he said.
This is having a ripple effect on allied industries.

There also have been some concerns about chicken production, he said.

However, chicken houses are built to minimize heat stress losses, and he had
heard of no particular increased losses over the normal 5 percent.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 22, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Soviet Grain Purchases

SECTION: Section D; Page 11, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 228 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 21


A Soviet grain negotiating team indicated to Agriculture Department officials
today that the 22 million metric tons of corn, wheat and soybeans the United
States has offered to sell them this year would be sufficient. They did not ask
for permission to buy any more than that in the coming 10 months.

The Soviet team was here for the semiannual consultations provided for in the
five-year grain trade agreement the United States signed with the Soviet Union
last year.

Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel G. Amstutz, who was the host for the
two-day meeting, said that the talks had been candid and cordial.

The Agriculture Department has already estimated a smaller than usual Russian
grain harvest and has been expecting the Soviet Union to have to import a record
50 million metric tons of grain this year to sustain expanding milk and meat
production.

Under the agreement, the Soviet Union is obligated to buy annually a minimum of
9 million metric tons of wheat, corn, and soybeans and a maximum of 12 million
tons from United States grain dealers. If the Russians want to buy more than the
maximum, they must ask the Agriculture Department for permission.

In the first two months of the current agreement year, the Russians have already
purchased and shipped 3.4 million tons of United States wheat and 8.1 million
tons of corn, Mr. Amstutz said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        May 3, 2004 Monday Home Edition

OUR OPINIONS: Reducing farm subsidies would spark competition

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 662 words


It struck like a clap of thunder on a summer day, the kind that usually
announces rough weather. Such was the surprise announcement last week that a
ruling at the World Trade Organization could force the United States to lower
crop subsidies to cotton farmers.

And if cotton subsidies come under fire for destroying trade, can other crop
subsidies be far behind? The successful Brazilian complaint could embolden
others who suffer on the wrong end of crop supports paid by wealthy countries,
including sugar subsidies by the European Union and rice subsidies by Japan. (As
it happens, fairer trade in rice could even benefit the United States, which has
long wanted to tap into the protected Japanese rice market.) The ruling, which
is preliminary, could be a harbinger of a new era where poorer nations with
small farmers can gain in the world market.

U.S. trade officials and members of Congress winced at the ruling and pledged to
fight it, much as they did months ago when the domestic steel industry was
flagged for unfair competition. In that instance, after much grumbling by the
Bush administration, Washington relented before trade sanctions could be
imposed.

As with the steel issue, the cotton ruling is a political problem for President
Bush. He and his strategists are depending on Farm Belt voters, who benefit
heavily from the government's $19 billion in annual subsidies. That's why the
administration responded with a pledge to appeal.

The farm subsidy issue hits home. Georgia, according to statistics from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, has enjoyed more than $796 million in cotton
subsidies between 1995 and 2002. In 2002 alone, the state's cotton subsidies
amounted to nearly $105 million. But the cotton figure looks modest compared to
the $483 million in peanut subsidies showered on Georgia in 2002.

Fiscal conservatives have railed against subsidies for decades, but the WTO
ruling possibly creates a new opportunity to promote change. In the past, farm
subsidies and crop supports were defended as a way to save "the family farm."

But today, subsidies flow heaviest toward agribusiness, including producers and
financiers. For instance, in 2002, the biggest recipient of subsidies in Georgia
listed by the USDA was John Hancock Mutual Insurance, a big investor in both
timber and agriculture, which received $2 million.

Under pressure to change this and other forms of protectionism, the United
States could begin to write trade policy on a more level playing field. It could
bring an end to the old game of government picking winners in the economy and,
instead, let competition hold sway.

The sweeping finding by the WTO was not simply that subsidized American cotton
was unfair competition. It also held that the volume of subsidized cotton, which
now amounts to 40 percent of all cotton produced worldwide, drives world prices
so low that even subsistence farmers cannot compete.

One of the leading opponents of subsidies is the tiny, landlocked African nation
of Burkina Faso, without notable natural resources and 90 percent dependent on
small farms. Such nations struggle not for prosperity, but for mere survival
against economic powers like us who pay farmers to grow corn, soy and grain.

However much the United States may be rankled by the impertinence of Brazil's
challenging our system on behalf of its farmers, Americans must acknowledge that
this is a chance to contemplate reform and also to negotiate more openly with
Third World nations to fashion a path toward more equity and fairness and
broader opportunity.

Allen Johnson, chief agricultural negotiator for the U.S. Trade Representative,
said it well: "We think the immediate impact of the [Brazil case] should be that
we roll up our sleeves . . . All parties need to recognize that their policies
need to be on the table as well."

* EQUAL TIME: For another perspective on this issue, see the next page, A9

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: WHO'S GETTING THE SUBSIDIES
Top agricultural subsidy programs in Georgia, 2002:
Program............. Recipients......Total
1. Peanut subsidies..... 22,724..$483,114,468
2. Cotton subsidies........9,135.. $104,908,977
3. Livestock subsidies....11,416.. $17,802,590
4. Conservation reserve
program....................6,127.. $14,197,067
5. Corn subsidies....... 16,497.. $11,655,769
6. Wheat subsidies........15,386.. $10,498,016
7. Dairy subsidies......... 366... $7,205,264
8. Environmental Quality
Incentives program......... 605... $2,491,765
9. Sorghum subsidies..... 7,925......$866,978
10. Soybean subsidies........530......$822,336
SOURCE: Environmental Working Group

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 2, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FAMILY FARMS: SLIPSLIDING AWAY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 371 words


The bucolic scene of the family farm - husband and wife and children, house,
barns, cows, hogs, horses and grain growing in the fields - becomes dimmer with
each passing decade. Replacing this image, which exists mostly in nostalgic
pictures and dairy farming states where holdings are relatively small and the
work labor intensive, is one of large corporate and family-owned spreads that
produce a handful of products, depending on the location and climate.  And for
the first time this century, the 2 million farms have more owners than
operators. This means that government agricultural policy will be influenced
more heavily by people who look to farming for income but may have little
contact with the land and may not be as interested in the well-being of the
land, as the ideal small farmer has been.  According to a new U.S. Department of
Agriculture study on the structure of American agriculture, the number of
farmers and the number of people directly involved in farming have reached their
lowest point in this century. Yet slightly more acres of privately owned land,
833 million, are devoted to farming than in 1900. This land is owned by 2.95
million people, with a small minority, a mere 124,000, owning 47 percent of the
land.  In general, these ownership statistics show that American agriculture
continues to be converted to ever-larger blocks of land, held by absentee
owners, who exert enormous influence over federal and state agricultural
policies through well-financed lobbying efforts. When Congress and the White
House look at farm programs in light of free-trade considerations and tight
budgets, they should recall that the pastoral image of the family farm is more
an ideal than a reality. Many of these changes are the direct result of earlier
department policies that encouraged large spreads and little variety in crops
and livestock.  The federal government should ensure that this concentration of
agricultural power is not needlessly accelerated, nor should it allow a select
few people who happen to own valuable farm land to attract a disproportionate
share of tax dollars through farm programs that purport to support an idea - the
romantic family farm - whose time has passed.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 25, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 426 words


COMMODITIES Grain and Soybeans Off; Price Rises Expected


By The Associated Press

Grain and soybean futures prices languished in a narrow range and finished
mostly lower yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade.

Analysts said, however, that a report later in the day that corn supplies were
lower than expected was likely to raise prices today.

Trading was light yesterday in anticipation of the report, as most traders were
reluctant to open new contract positions and others were squaring the positions
they held.

The report, released by the Agriculture Department, disclosed stocks of corn and
wheat as of Oct. 1.

It said stocks of wheat totaled 2.95 billion bushels, which was about as
expected.

Corn stocks, however, totaled 3.14 billion bushels, about 300 million bushels
less than the most recent U.S.D.A. supply-demand report, and about 260 million
bushels less than most analysts expected.

If the figure is correct, said Mike Hinebaugh, a grain analyst in Chicago with
ContiCommodity Services Inc., the corn supplies will be insufficient to last the
year at current rates of consumption.  At any rate, he said, ''The bottom line
is 260 million bushels of corn less than the market expected.''

Analysts expected corn for delivery in December to open higher today in response
to the report.

Yesterday, sources said the early pressure came primarily from outside markets,
where financial instrument prices were sharply lower and the United States
dollar was stronger against major foreign currencies.

Prices failed to rally despite a lack of sales by farmers on cash markets and
weekend rain that delayed the harvest, threatening further damage to the corn
and soybean crops.

Cattle prices were lower and live hogs and frozen pork bellies were mixed on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Cattle prices were under pressure as the price of carcass beef fell 2 cents a
pound in early trading on cash markets.

Supplies are plentiful, said Robert Holbert, a livestock analyst with
ContiCommodity Services, and demand traditionally is light from October through
late November.

Hog prices also were lower early in the session as cash prices fell on wholesale
markets, Mr. Holbert said. But later in the day, the selling lightened up and
prices recoverd.

Mr. Holbert noted that hog prices have been steady despite exceptionally large
slaughters during the past two weeks, rousing ideas that grocery markets are
widely featuring specials on pork.

Pork bellies were under pressure from lower cash quotes as well, Mr. Holbert
said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

End of U.S. meat labelling law seen as 'great day for Canada'

BYLINE: Dan Healing, Calgary Herald, With Files From The Canadian Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 618 words


A potential trade war between Canada and the United States was averted Friday
when Congress passed a massive spending bill that also repealed a controversial
meat labelling law.

The 2,000-plus pages of legislation contained a two-page rider that scrapped the
U.S. labelling law, known as COOL, which had become a major irritant among
Canada, Mexico and the U.S. U.S. President Barack Obama formally signed the bill
Friday to complete the legislative process.

The World Trade Organization granted Canada and Mexico the right to impose $1
billion in punitive tariffs on various U.S. products after finding that the
country-oforigin labelling provisions on beef and pork products violated
international trade rules.

Canada and Mexico argued the measure was nothing more than thinly disguised
protectionism. Supporters said consumers have a right to know where their meat
comes from.

International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland and Agriculture Minister Lawrence
MacAulay both welcomed the passage of the legislation, calling Friday "a great
day for Canada."

"This is a real vindication of the power and significance of the WTO
dispute-resolution mechanism, which has secured a real win for Canada," Freeland
said in a teleconference call from Nairobi, where she and MacAulay were taking
part in a trade conference. "This is a decision that will have a real and
immediate benefit to the Canadian economy."

Freeland expects the labelling regime will disappear quickly.

"We'll be monitoring the situation to make sure there are no problems in this
area," MacAulay added.

The ministers thanked Canadian diplomats and some American politicians and
industries which supported doing away with the measure.

The Senate had been the last barrier because domestic political interests kept
some senators opposed to repealing the law.

Alberta Agriculture Minister Oneil Carlier said the province's beef and pork
industry will now have greater access to American markets.

"Alberta's agriculture products are the province's second-largest export sector,
and the United States is our most important trading partner," he said in a news
release.

"With COOL eliminated, livestock producers, workers and businesses will no
longer be saddled with unnecessary costs and have more opportunities to
strengthen agriculture trade between our two countries."

In 2014, Alberta exported about $1.7 billion in live cattle and beef products to
the U.S. and $189 million in live hogs and pork products, the province said.

Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts, the Republican chair of the Senate's powerful
agriculture committee, expressed relief Friday at the news. Roberts said the
retaliatory measures would have been damaging to various sectors of the U.S.
economy.

"From the ranchers in Kansas to the jewelry makers on the East Coast, every
state had something to lose from keeping mandatory COOL intact," Roberts said in
a statement.

The WTO ruling, the latest in a series that Canada won in the dispute, cleared
the way for widespread retaliation.

The targeted U.S. products included not only agricultural ones such as cattle,
pork, apples, rice, maple syrup and wine, but extended to non-agricultural
products, such as jewelry, office chairs, wooden furniture and mattresses.

Freeland said Canada still intends to obtain formal approval next week from the
WTO for retaliation, even though the tariffs won't be imposed.

"We think that it is prudent of us to take the legal process to its formal,
technical conclusion," she said.

On Friday, the Senate voted by a 65-33 margin to approve the massive bill that
included $1.14 trillion in new spending in 2016 and $680 billion in tax cuts in
the decade to come. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Malakoff News (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 15, 2016

Rotarians hear about TVCC ag and rodeo activities

BYLINE: The Malakoff News staff

LENGTH: 236  words


ATHENS -- Trinity Valley Community College (TVCC) Agriculture and Rodeo
department representatives told Athens Rotarians about their activities at the
weekly meeting at the Athens Country Club April 7.

The Ag Department maintains a 60-head herd of Charlais cattle and wins the
Houston Herdsman Award every year.

At the lab, students participate in dehorning and deworming, vaccinating,
pregnancy testing, artificial inseminating and otherwise maintaining cattle.

TVCC Ranch Manager Mark Robinson spoke, as well as students Chad Tindel, Jake
Hughes and TVCC Rodeo Team Advisor Brent Bratton.

"The ag building consists of two classrooms, one computer lab, shop, lounge and
254 acres just west of Athens," Robinson said.

TVCC offers an Associates of Arts degree in Agriculture Sciences, Associate of
Applied Sciences and a certificate in Ranch and Beef Cattle Management.

"TVCC provides hands-on training. When you leave, you have the knowledge needed
for your career," Hughes said.

Hughes is part of the rodeo team but has yet to compete due to an injured knee.

"The program has brought many blessings into my life and makes a big impact to
everyone in it.

After graduation, Robinson said students have many career choices including
teaching, ranch management, selling insurance, working for the United States
Department of Agriculture and farming.

"As long as humans want to eat, there will be jobs in agriculture," Robinson
said.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLN

                      Copyright 2016 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2016 The Malakoff News

                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 15, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Coffee Hits 5-Month High; Latin Crop Estimates Cut

BYLINE: By Bloomberg Business News

SECTION: Section D;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 407 words


Coffee prices surged yesterday to their highest levels in about five months
after the Agriculture Department sharply reduced its crop estimates for Brazil,
the world's largest producer, and for Mexico and El Salvador.

On the New York Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange, coffee for May delivery jumped
2.60 cents, to 81.40 cents a pound.

Brazil's coffee crop, which farmers will begin harvesting next month, will
probably be about 18 percent smaller than last year's, the Agriculture
Department said. Brazil's crop is now estimated at 23.5 million 132-pound bags,
a million bags lower than the department's projection in December and down from
28.5 million bags last year.

"There's some trepidation about the new crop in Brazil following the U.S.D.A.
report," said Steve Platt, commodity analyst with Dean Witter in Chicago.
"Things are tight and they're going to get tighter."

Lower-than-normal rainfall and hot weather reduced the crop this year.

"Principally, it was the hot weather during the flowering season, coupled with
low moisture" that will cut Brazil's yields, said Frank Hokana, an analyst at
the Agriculture Department. Also, coffee is grown in a two-year cycle, and many
trees were producing less this year after last year's larger crop.

Cocoa prices also surged on concerns about supplies. Cocoa for May delivery rose
$50, to $1,250 a ton, a three-month high.

Traders are worried about the Ivory Coast's ability to meet its contracts.

"They may have oversold the old crop," Mr. Platt said. "They're having trouble
filling what contracts they have outstanding."

On other commodity markets, soybean and grain prices leaped amid speculation of
lower-than-expected plantings this summer by American farmers and weather
problems that may reduce crops being harvested in Brazil and Argentina.

At the Chicago Board of Trade, soybeans for May delivery soared 15 cents, to
$6.9025 a bushel; May corn added 5 cents, to $2.87, and May oats rose 3.75
cents, to $1.3175 a bushel. But May wheat edged down 0.75 cent, to $3.3475.

The Sparks Companies, a Memphis-based crop forecasting firm, estimated that
farmers would plant 78.8 million acres of corn, below what traders had expected.
Also, Sparks said farmers intended to plant 59.6 million acres of soybeans in
the 1994-95 crop year, traders said, just 200,000 acres more than last year at a
time when soybean stocks are at the lowest level in more than 20 years.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 25, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Cattle and Pork Bellies Move Sharply Lower

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 400 words


Cattle futures prices were sharply lower yesterday on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange as the market reacted to a Government report that the market is still
flooded with heavy cattle.

Cattle for delivery in August and October fell by the daily limit of 1.5 cents a
pound and, along with the December contract, fell to new low prices.

Pork bellies were also sharply lower, with most delivery months falling by the
daily limit of 2 cents a pound.

The move in cattle was primarily a reaction to the Agriculture Department's
report Friday that cattle marketings in May were 3 percent lower than a year
earlier, analysts said.

''There's just no good news to talk about,'' said Phil Stanley, a livestock
analyst in Chicago with Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc. ''The report reaffirmed
ideas that there are still plenty of cattle on feed,'' Mr. Stanley said. Prices
of live cattle on wholesale cash markets were also lower.

Pork bellies were also affected by an Agriculture Department report.

The Agriculture Department reported that frozen inventories were higher than
expected, but Ron Garrison, a livestock analyst in St. Louis with the Clayton
Brokerage Company, said the weakness in the cattle pit also encouraged selling
in the pork belly pit.

Live hogs were also under pressure, but the contract for delivery in July
recovered near the close of trading and finished slightly higher on conjecture
that a surplus of heavy hogs has been depleted this month, Mr. Garrison said.

Corn and soybean futures prices were mostly higher and wheat was lower on the
Chicago Board of Trade.

Corn for delivery in July was slightly lower, while the contracts for delivery
after the harvest were higher.

Victor Lespinasse, a grain analyst in Chicago with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.,
said the forecast for the next 6 to 10 days, which calls for hot and dry
conditions, was the major influence supporting prices.

Wheat prices were under pressure from continued good progress in the winter
wheat harvest, which saw only slight delays because of weekend rain, Mr.
Lespinasse said.

Cocoa futures continued under pressure and the contract for delivery in July
fell to a new low on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York.

Precious metals prices were slighly higher in quiet, featureless trading on the
Commodity Exchange in New York.

Petroleum futures were mixed on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            February 12, 2007 Monday

Ethanol's hunger for corn upsets global food chain;
MARKETPLACE by Bloomberg

BYLINE: Peter Robison - Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 934 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Arturo Esquivel shakes his head as he pays 10 pesos for tortillas in Mexico
City, two-thirds more than a year ago. He would be even angrier to learn that
some of Detroit's alternative fuel vehicles may be partly to blame.

They run on ethanol, a fuel made from the corn that also influences the cost of
Esquivel's tortilla, feeds the chickens, pigs and cows raised for consumption
worldwide and sweetens soft drinks.

Demand for corn as the raw material for an alternative vehicle fuel is creating
unintended consequences throughout the global food chain. Corn growers in the
Midwest of the United States are commanding prices not seen in a decade. Yet
farmers who raise livestock are seeing feed costs soar, and companies from Tyson
Foods to Coca-Cola are warning of higher prices. Even environmentalists say
using more corn will have drawbacks.

''We are seeing the most dramatic, fast-moving changes in Midwest agriculture in
at least half a century,'' said Robert Wisner, an economics professor at Iowa
State University, in Ames.

Hog farmers, cattle ranchers and poultry producers are among those in the $125
billion U.S. livestock industry losing money. The U.S. Department of Agriculture
says the cost of American staples like pork and chicken may increase 6 percent
based on current corn prices.

U.S. automakers say alternative-fuel cars are a way to support American farmers
and reduce the country's dependence on foreign oil. President George W. Bush
pledged in his State of the Union address last month to increase the use of
renewable fuels almost fivefold through 2017, primarily relying on ethanol.

Already, 113 ethanol distilleries are operating and an additional 77 are under
construction, with potential capacity of 11.8 billion gallons, or 44.7 billion
liters, according to the Renewable Fuels Association, a trade group in
Washington backed by ethanol producers.

Record output of 4.9 billion gallons of ethanol last year triple the 1.6 billion
gallons produced in 2000 accounted for 2.8 percent of the U.S. fuel supply.

New demand for ethanol is reshaping America's farmlands. Last year, 20 percent
of the U.S. corn harvest went to make ethanol a figure that may rise to half of
the harvest within two years if all the new distilleries are built, said Wisner
of Iowa State. The United States is the largest corn grower and exporter,
accounting for almost 40 percent of the world supply.

Gene Gourley, a pig farmer in Webster City, Iowa, is not happy about the extra
competition for his main feedstock. Feed makes up 60 percent of the costs at the
farm where he and his brothers raise 60,000 pigs a year. He said their typical
profit is $3.50 per pig, yet they are now spending $18 more to feed each one.

The chief executive of Tyson Foods, Richard Bond, said last month that
''significant'' price increases were on the way, without saying how much.

''As the food-versus-fuel debate unfolds, we must carefully consider the
negative unintended consequences of over-using grains,'' Bond said.

An ''epic contest'' is brewing between the world's 800 million motorists and the
2 billion poorest people, who spend as much as half their income on food, said
Lester Brown, director of the Earth Policy Institute, a nonprofit environmental
group in Washington.

Supporters of ethanol dismiss the idea of a tradeoff between gas tanks and
stomachs. ''We ultimately have the resources to continue to produce for food and
energy,'' said Bruce Rastetter, the chief executive of Hawkeye Holdings in Iowa
Falls, Iowa, one of the biggest U.S. ethanol processors.

The ethanol boom is transforming places like Heron Lake, Minnesota, a town of
773 once known for some of the state's best duck hunting.

The $97 million Heron Lake BioEnergy plant, backed by a group of local farmers,
is scheduled to start producing 50 million gallons of ethanol a year beginning
next month.

Heron Lake has not been this busy since the 1950s, said Mayor Bill Wurdeman.
''We're hoping this is the spark we need to start growing,'' said Wurdeman.

Other links in the food chain are also feeling the effects of rising demand for
corn-based ethanol. Corn syrup accounts for about 10 percent of the costs for
bottlers of soft drinks.

''We as an industry are facing unprecedented issues on cost,'' John Brock, chief
executive of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coke's chief bottler, said at a conference
in New York in December.

For all the excitement, ethanol share prices have not taken off as expected. One
reason: After soaring to more than $77 a barrel in mid-July, oil prices have
dropped back to about $60 a barrel

Shares of Pacific Ethanol and Aventine Renewable Energy Holdings have sunk to
less than $20 from more than $40 in April

But the venture capitalist Vinod Khosla, who helped start the computer company
Sun Microsystems, remains bullish. His Khosla Ventures has invested an
undisclosed amount in two corn-based ethanol plants and seven other biofuel
projects.

''I'm not changing my plans at all,'' he said, predicting the eventual emergence
of as many as five major biofuel companies, each with annual sales of $10
billion compared with $12 billion for the entire industry in 2006.

Making ethanol with corn carries its own environmental drawbacks, according to a
June 2006 study by the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis.

The crops have to be irrigated, plowed with tractors, doused with nitrogen
fertilizers and transported to ethanol distilleries, which power their machinery
with natural gas or coal.

''There's an awful lot we need to know before we plunge headfirst into
biofuels,'' said Jason Hill, a University of Minnesota research associate.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 25, 1999

Compromise CAP plan before ministers today

SECTION: Farming, Pg.13

LENGTH: 302 words


TALKS on reforming Europe's Common Agricultural Policy were stalled in Brussels
last night after a delay in producing a new compromise paper.

The new set of proposals, which will for the first time formally include the
idea of a progressive decline in farm aid, will now be given to ministers from
Europe's 15 member states this morning.

Germany, which holds the rolling EU presidency, is still hopeful of a conclusion
being reached this week, although France is not so confident.

French Farm Minister Jean Glavany is sticking to his Government's line that no
deal on agriculture is possible until the question is resolved of how the policy
is funded post-2000.

The French Prime Minister, Lionel Jospin also entered the simmering row between
France and Germany.

The Germans earlier this week issued two compromise papers on cereals, beef and
milk, which slightly amended the European Commission's reform plans.

The majority of farm ministers back the new cereal reform plan, despite UK
reservations. It would cut EU cereal price support by 20% and progressively
reduce oilseed aid over three years to bring it in line with other arable
payments.

Today's key paper, the first full compromise, is likely to include the idea of
degressivity - trimming aid to farmers over time.

Meanwhile, American President Bill Clinton yesterday asked a
Government-appointed farm commission for advice on how to dig US farmers out of
the crisis that is threatening to drive many of them out of business.

He has urged the group to make whatever recommendations they had as quickly as
possible to help the country's farmers.

American farmers were on Tuesday warned to expect another year of crop surpluses
and low prices. In many cases, stockpiles will be the largest and prices the
lowest since the mid-1980s.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       July 9, 1995, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Around the South;
TALK OF THE SOUTH;
Farm bill debate casts long shadow in peanut country

BYLINE: TOM BAXTER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 8G, Tom Baxter

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: Dothan, Ala.


If there were a Great State of Peanuts, this southeast Alabama city near the
borders of Georgia and Florida would be its capital, and James Earl Mobley might
be its governor.

Half the peanuts produced in the United States are grown within 100 miles of
here. This region has always known poverty. But thanks largely to the
partnership of growers, the government and land-grant universities, farmers such
as Mobley, who heads the National Peanut Growers Group, have prospered in recent
decades.

This partnership has driven the dreaded boll weevil from the cotton fields that
also dot the region, found new markets for peanuts, and provided a system of
price supports that has given farmers a stable basis for long-range planning.
But as Congress gets down to work on the 1995 farm bill, the peanut program -
and with it the very concept of a public- private partnership in American
agriculture - faces an uncertain future.

Agricultural subsidies have been targeted by consumer groups as well as by big
companies such as RJR-Nabisco, which would profit from cheaper peanut prices,
and Coca-Cola, which would like cheaper sugar. This year, they have powerful
friends in the new Republican Congress, including House Majority Leader Richard
Armey, a free market champion.

"Whether we can survive or not remains to be seen," Mobley says.

Mobley considers himself a "free enterprise man," but he says he can't
understand how people could let philosophy get in the way of the dollar. To his
mind the peanut program has more than paid for itself, giving American consumers
a safe, steady supply and farmers a decent living.

Mobley claims growers have made compromises already and are willing to go to a
"no-net-costs" approach in which growers would be assessed for the costs of the
program. But in an April field hearing in Albany, Ben Smith, president of the
American Peanut Product Manufacturers, branded the peanut program "a relic of
the past that has outlived its usefulness."

Whether reducing or eliminating the program would cause the economic ruin the
growers warn of, it would be felt most in this area. An Auburn University study
of the impact on the three states is due to be released this month.

Mobley predicts that if the program goes, within 25 years peanut country will go
to timber or cattle, which require much less labor, and his three sons will be
forced to leave the land his family has farmed since 1843.

Peanut country was at one time the domain of white Democrats. Now it is
represented mainly by white Republicans such as Rep. Saxby Chambliss in Georgia
and Rep. Terry Everett in Alabama, and black Democrats such as Rep. Sanford
Bishop in Georgia and Rep. Earl Hilliard in Alabama.

The Republicans find themselves caught between party principle and their
districts' interests. Unstintingly, they have opted for the latter. But the
peanut Republicans face a tough battle against their own party's free
marketeers.

Recently, a Democratic congressman advised a delegation of peanut men in
confidence to let the Republicans do their worst. That would bring the Democrats
back in the next election, he said, and they will put things back the way they
were.

But that is politics talking, and Mobley and other knowledgeable growers know
it. If the delicate web of relations supporting the peanut program, built up
over decades, is torn, it won't be coming back.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution

                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 28, 1989, Friday

SIMON SAYS

BYLINE: Howard Simon

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 487 words


THE EASTERN REGIONAL BUSINESS CONDUCT COMMITTEE of the National Futures
Association has barred State Street Futures Corp. of Quincy, Mass., permanently
from NFA membership.

As a result of the strong action by the Chicago-based industry watchdog, State
Street's two principals, David Joseph Condon and David L. Westbook, agreed not
to act as principals for any NFA member for three years from the ate of the
decision.

The firm was a Futures Commission Merchant. As an FCM, it could solicit orders
to buy or sell futures contracts or options on futures for customers and accept
customer money or other assets.

The NFA decision follows a seven-count complaint filed by NFA against the
company in February. In the complaint, NFA charged State Street with failing to
maintain adequate books and records and failing to prepare complete, accurate
and timely daily and monthly trade settlements.

* * * * *

AS TEMPERATURES HEAT UP in the Midwest, so does the debate about whether the
nation's midsection will experience the same hot, dry weather conditions that
caused extensive grain damage last summer.

U.S. Department of Agriculture chief meteorologist Norton Strommen Wednesday
reiterated his view that the United States isn't entering into a widespread
drought similar to that of 1988 despite pockets of dryness (particularly this
spring in hard winter wheat growing ar eas).

Meanwhile, John Schnittker, head of the Washington, D.C.-based agriculture
consulting firm of Schnittker Associates, said he is alarmed for the crops
because of depleted soil moisture.

In either case, the dry weather for Midwest crops prompted the USDA this week to
announce new assistance to farmers and ranchers hit hard by drought conditions.
Acknowledging the serious weather problem, the USDA said its aid includes
allowing emergency haying and grazing on land set aside for conservation. It was
not until late July and August, the peak of last summer's drought, that the USDA
eased restrictions on using conservation land.

The aid also provides feed assistance to livestock and poultry producers.

* * * * *

THE CASE OF AUSTRALIAN BEEF found by South Korean authorities to be tainted may
be the fault of Korean importers and Australian exporters both.

As a result of the spoiled beef, South Korea has imposed an indefinite ban on
beef imports from Australia.

Knight-Ridder Financial News reported Thursday that the 2 million metric tons
found spoiled in Seoul showed signs of bone taint, and South Korea's Livestock
Products Marketing Organization will issue its report on the case as early as
today.

The cause of the bone taint, which is marked by a deterioration in the meat
around the bone, remains unknown, but the problem would have arisen either
during initial freezing of the beef in Australia or due to storage problems in
Seoul, an Australian Meat & Livestock Corp. official said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: SIMON SAYS. Briefs

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Manchester Evening News

                               February 15, 2002

Genus hits the bullseye

BYLINE: By PATRICIA ROBERTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 248 words


A "DESIGNER" bull named Machoman created by experts in Cheshire has become one
of the world's most prized animal.

And suitors around the world are queuing up to be matched with the super-stud.

The supreme champion was genetically engineered by researchers at Crewe-based
Genus to beat 750 other prize bulls to the title of world leader and best in
breed, from the United States Department of Agriculture.

Machoman, currently in stud in Canada, is the latest product of Genus' £
8m-a-year research and development programme which is being used to improve the
quality of beef and dairy herds worldwide.

Machoman's pole position is based on tests which include the robustness of his
calves. He is expected to produce 120,000 doses of semen a year, each of which
will be priced at a premium rate, with world sales expected to exceed £3.5m.

Genus, a leader of technology and service in cattle breeding, agricultural
consulting and the distribution of products in the veterinary market, moved from
Ofex to AIM in July 2000. It now trades in more than 70 countries, with three
substantial divisions including Genus Breeding, now the global market leader in
cattle breeding.

Chief executive Richard Wood said of the US accolade: "To have been awarded this
highly prestigious international ranking proves that Genus' research programme
is unequalled in the area of practical genetic research. Machoman has joined our
stable of decorated bulls in three continents."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2002 Manchester Evening News

                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                             May 04, 1999, Tuesday

Minister tries to open US market to Brazilian beef_

SECTION: Agribusiness

LENGTH: 98 words

DATELINE: Uberaba, 05/04/99


The agriculture minister, Francisco Turra, announced Monday, during the official
opening of the 65th National Exhibition for 'Zebu' Type Cattle (Expozebu-99), in
Uberaba (Minas Gerais), new measures and strategies for the cattle farming
sector.  The main one of them is the beginning of government contact, as from
this month, with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) to viabilize the export
of Brazilian beef to the US.  With the exception of industrialized meat, Brazil
has never exported to the US market.  (Denis Cardoso, Gazeta Mercantil -
Translated by Neeharika Lorimer)

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

LANGUAGE-SPOKEN: PORTUGUESE

ORIG-LANGUAGE: PORTUGUESE

                      Copyright 1999 Gazeta Mercantil Inc.

                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          January 10, 1990, Wednesday

USERS WANT QUOTAS HIKED

BYLINE: From Wire Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: WASHIN


A leading association of sugar users asked the Agriculture Department Monday to
raise U.S. sugar import quotas by up to 350,000 tons to beat a growing shortage
and rising prices.

The United States imports sugar under a quota system because U.S. production
lone is not sufficient to meet domestic needs.

The Sweetener Users Association said the supply situation worsened last month
when the U.S. sugar beet harvest came in lower than expected and freezing
weather damaged cane crops in Florida and Texas.

The situation has been further exacerbated by Brazil's failure to fulfill
existing quota allocations.

"The pricing, delivery and forward purchasing of sugar is most difficult in the
current environment," association president Tom Hammer said. "Swift
administrative action in the form of a quota increase is needed to restore order
to the domestic sweetener market."

The USDA last raised the 1989-90 sugar import quota in November, by about
300,000 tons.

USDA officials were unavailable for comment.

Mr. Hammer said last month's freeze would probably cut this seasons's domestic
cane sugar output by between 150,000 and 250,000 tons.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    October 15, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Change the Wheat Board

BYLINE: EDMONTON JOURNAL

SECTION: EDITORIAL / OP-ED; OTHER VIEWS: EDITORIALS FROM AROUND CANADA; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 201 words


Oct. 11:

Federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale is right to defend the Wheat Board. .
. . He is wrong, however, to shut his ears so totally to the calls for change
that are coming from hundreds of Western grain producers.

By giving all wheat and barley growers a pooled price, the Wheat Board reduces
risk to individual producers. The tradeoff, however, is a limitation of an
individual producer's right to make his own deal.

An increasing number of farmers want to take the risk and cash in on the high
wheat prices across the border in the United States.

What Mr. Goodale has offered . . . is a change in the way the Wheat Board is
governed, some loosening of the regulations that bind the board, and a vote
among farmers on barley. . . .

The change in governance is an important step away from the bureaucratic
paternalism of the Wheat Board that irks so many farmers. By 1998, Mr. Goodale
promises it will be run by a board with a majority of farmers on it. . . .

That farmer-dominated board will still, however, have to operate under the
strictures of federal legislation. It's vital that the federal government give
the board enough slack to make the changes necessary.


LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  December 29, 2001 Saturday Michigan Edition

Hog report leads to high hopes;
Pork producers encouraged by year-end news

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Farm Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 615 words


A smaller hogs and pigs herd in the United States is expected to set the stage
for a rally next month in the hog market.

Local pork producers will be encouraged by a year-end hogs and pigs report
issued Friday afternoon by the United States Department of Agriculture, said
Mark Hari, manager of the United Producers terminal near Cassopolis.

The USDA put the national inventory of all hogs and pigs at 58.8 million head,
or 1 percent fewer than last year at this time.

The breeding inventory, at 6.21 million head, also was down 1 percent from last
year but 1 percent above last quarter. The market hog inventory, at 52.6 million
head, was 1 percent below both last year and last quarter.

"This report is on the bullish side," said Hari, who anticipates that in the
next few weeks prices could begin to cross the $40 per hundredweight level and
perhaps to around $45 per cwt. by February, he said.

Hari said the report represents "a good sign" that the days of hogs in the
mid-$30 per cwt. range are numbered.

But at the same time Hari is concerned about the accuracy of the government
report -- as are many other local producers.

"It's harder for the government to get an accurate report," Hari said. "The last
report wasn't very accurate. Hopefully, this one will be."

Decatur producer Ed Reed is among those who will receive the report with a
degree of skepticism.

Pork producers complained loudly that the USDA's last quarterly report in
October greatly underestimated the size of the U.S. hog herd by a million head,
thus contributing to a brief crash in prices as low as $29 per hundredweight in
November.

Market hogs are averaging two pounds heavier than a year ago. "We have been
killing over 2 million hogs for at least 8 weeks in row," he said. "Even during
these holiday-shortened weeks, we have killed a lot of pigs."

But Reed suspects that the flood of animals going to market is due to
under-reporting by large commercial hog producers who are either refusing to
take part of the voluntary government survey "or they are telling tall tales,"
he said.

"It's becoming more and more difficult to get a handle on how many hogs are out
there," Reed said.

But Hari thinks the recent glut of market hogs is over. "We should see a little
dry spell coming into January," he said.

Cass County producer Nate Robinson said 2001 was an opportunity for pork
producers to wipe out debts incurred three years ago in the big market plunge.

"We have had a great year actually," he said.

Recently prices have edged back up to mid to high $30 per cwt. range. Right
after the report came out Friday afternoon Reed shipped a load of 190 pigs to
the IPC plant in Delphi, Ind. that brought $37 a hundredweight.

"If I had held out today I could have gotten another dollar (per cwt.)," he
laughed.

The reason is that packers have lately been bidding up prices to keep slaughter
plants at capacity during the holiday period.

The break-even point for most hog producers ranges from $30 to $35 per cwt.

Robinson said smaller producers like himself have taken advantage of the
premiums offered by the packers during the holidays. "A lot of the big fellas
don't want to do that because that is their day off," he said.

Prices in the past month have been a far cry from the high water marks
established earlier this summer when pork producers enjoyed a brief spurt in
which prices soared into the mid $50s.

Reed, who only signs contracts on 20 percent of his market hogs, said the
combination of low feed costs and high prices at that time was the highlight of
the year.

Staff writer Wayne Falda: wfalda@sbtinfo.com (219) 235-6326



LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Hari, manager of the United Producers terminal near Cassopolis,
gives a barn cat a little attention while tending to a load of hogs that were
ready for shipment ahead of Friday's hogs and pigs report by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.  Tribune Photo/SHAYNA BRESLIN

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     March 22, 2001 Thursday Final Edition

Health threat destroys sheep; U.S. moves against mad cow disease

SOURCE: Spectator Wire Services

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: GREENSBORO, VT.


Federal agents seized a Vermont farmer's flock of 234 sheep yesterday for fear
they are infected with a version of mad-cow disease. It was the first such
action ever taken against livestock in the United States.

The U.S. Agriculture Department "has no choice but to take this decisive action
based on the threat the sheep pose to the health of America's livestock
nationwide," said Craig Reed, administrator of USDA's animal and plant health
inspection service.

A team of federal agents and agriculture officials arrived at Houghton Freeman's
farm at daybreak. Two cattle trucks were loaded by 11 a.m. and will take the
sheep to Iowa, where they will be tested and destroyed.

Freeman and another farmer had waged a court battle to save their sheep after
the Agriculture Department ordered the flocks seized last July.

The flocks consisted of sheep that were either imported from Belgium in 1996 or
were descendants of those animals. USDA spokesman Ed Curlett said the seizure
was the first of any cow or sheep in the United States under suspicion of having
an illness related to mad-cow disease.

The USDA has said four sheep from Freeman's flock showed signs of transmissible
spongiform encephalopathy, a class of neurological diseases that includes both
bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or mad-cow disease, and scrapie, a sheep
disease not harmful to humans. The government said the sheep may have been
exposed through contaminated European feed.

However, the USDA tests could not confirm whether the sheep have BSE. The
animals will undergo further testing at a USDA lab in Ames, Iowa.

There have been no confirmed cases of mad-cow disease in the United States.
Scrapie has been in the United States since at least 1947.

Meanwhile, the Dutch government said yesterday it had confirmed the first cases
of foot-and-mouth disease in the Netherlands, making it the second country on
the European continent to detect the livestock ailment.

Tests concluded that four cows had contracted the disease on a farm near Olst,
in the eastern part of the country. All 60 head of cattle and 20 sheep were
being destroyed immediately.

The 15-member European Union quickly banned all livestock exports from the
Netherlands, as well as meat, dairy and other animal products from four Dutch
provinces unless they are treated to ensure they cannot be carrying the disease.

The move extends restrictions already imposed on Britain, where the outbreak
originated, and France, where it was first discovered on the continent.

The Dutch government swiftly reinstated a nationwide ban on transporting
livestock that had been lifted just two days earlier, and extended it to cover
chickens.

Authorities also said that about 500 goats on a neighbouring farm were
slaughtered after foot-and-mouth symptoms were found last weekend.

In Britain, the deaths of five people in a single English village from the human
form of mad cow disease have been linked to local butchering techniques in the
1980s that have since been banned.

The findings support the suspicion held by many experts that the incubation
period of the fatal brain-wasting disease, a variant of Creutzfeld Jakob
Disease, is between 10 and 20 years.

Scientists began investigating last July whether residents of Queniborough, in
northern England, had a genetic susceptibility to the disease or whether the
cluster of deaths could provide other clues about its cause and spread. A total
of 90 people have died of the disease in Britain since 1996.

In a report published yesterday, investigators said they discovered that
slaughterhouses used to provide butchers in Queniborough with whole carcasses,
including the animals' heads. When the skulls were split to remove the brains,
tainted brain material would sometimes ooze out and could have contaminated
knives and other meat on the butcher's block, the investigators said.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Toby Talbot, the Associated Press; For the first time in the
U.S., fears of infection of mad cow disease prompted federal agents to seize a
flock of 234 sheep yesterday in Vermont.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd

                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 1, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid To Farmers Up by 1.6%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 30


The prices that farmers receive for raw products rose 1.6 percent in September,
recovering more than half of the losses of July and August, the Agriculture
Department said today.

The gain in the index followed a 2.3 percent drop in July and a revised decline
of eight-tenths of 1 percent in August. The index, which had climbed in each of
the first six months of the year, was up 5.7 percent from a year ago.

Higher prices for cattle, eggs, milk and wheat were said to be mostly
responsible for the September increase. Lower prices were reported for hogs,
broilers and potatoes.

Prices for cattle and calves in September were the highest in more than seven
years. However, hog prices dropped sharply in September from August, the largest
month-to-month decline for market hogs since March 1983.

As a group, prices for livestock and livestock products were reported unchanged
from August but were up 3.4 percent from a year ago.

Crop Prices Climb

The all-crops price index rose 2.9 percent in September and was 9.3 percent
higher than the level a year earlier. Commercial vegetables rose 14 percent
during the month, and were 11 percent higher than in September 1986. Fruit
prices rose 2.8 percent in September and were up 4.6 percent from the period a
year earlier.

The preliminary September figures were based mostly on midmonth averages and are
subject to revision.

The most recent figures on prices paid by farmers to meet expenses were compiled
in July, and showed that farm costs were 3.1 percent higher than a year earlier;
new figures are scheduled to be released in October.

September farm commodity prices averaged 129 percent of a 1977 base used for
comparison, according to the preliminary figures, up from a revised August
reading of 127 percent. A year ago, the September index was at 122 percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices (April 1986-September 1987) (Source: Agriculture
Department)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Investment in agriculture research urged to boost production

BYLINE: AMIN AHMED

SECTION: Vol. LXIX No. 234

LENGTH: 534  words


Federal Minister for National Food Security Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan has
cautioned that the impact of low-productivity on hunger, malnutrition and
poverty could be severe with population growing unchecked and limited arable
land left to expand farming.

Speaking at the annual conference on the Agriculture Innovation Programme (AIP)
on Monday, he said the situation needed to be tackled with investment in
agriculture research and development.

Launched in 2013, the AIP is an initiative of USAID, the International Maize and
Wheat Improvement Center (CIMMYT) and Pakistan Agricultural Research Council
(PARC).

Take a look: Agriculture strategy being evolved

The minister said that investment in agricultural research and development was
the need of the hour, adding that a closer watch on the impact of emerging
global technologies and dissemination of suitable technologies to respective
farming communities was the key to success.

Mr Bosan asked the farming community to take part in the AIP interventions,
learn new practices, adopt new technologies and improve agricultural
productivity for a food secure Pakistan.

Halfway through the four-year programme, we are already witnessing remarkable
results, said USAID Mission Director John Groarke. This demonstrates that with
the United States and Pakistan working together, we can achieve agricultural
growth and prosperity in the country's agricultural sector and beyond.

Heat resistant maize, higher-yielding wheat crops, livestock vaccines and less
water-dependent rice harvesting techniques were among the leading innovations
stemming from the $30 million initiative.

According to the USAID official, over the next two years AIP will continue its
farmer-focused innovations by helping Pakistani farmers increase their profits
while addressing emerging resource challenges caused by climate change.

He said that since 2012, USAID's growth programme had created over 23,000 jobs
and introduced new technologies and management practices to more than 118,000
farmers across 60,000 hectares.

The change in the climate, according to Mr Bosan, had endangered the food
security. He said comprehensive strategies were required to adapt to these
changes and cope with the challenges.

He added that the application of emerging global technologies was imperative to
promote the farming sector and stressed the need for coordinated effort between
public and private sectors with the support of the farming community.

The director-general of CIMMYT, Dr Martin Kropff, said that since the population
had been growing, there was a need to grow more food. He spoke about challenges
in the shape of climate change, extensive weather conditions, temperature, water
shortage which also have impact on agriculture produce. Dr Kropff said that
there was a need to take steps to cope with these challenges and ensure
sufficient food for growing populations. He congratulated Pakistan for
introducing the new zinc-rich wheat which he claimed would go a long way in
promoting nutritious food security.

The minister also held a meeting with the CIMMYT team led by Dr Kropff. They
explored areas for future collaboration, including the establishment of the
Borlaug Institute for South Asia.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2015 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved

                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2014 Saturday

Georgia: USDA Seeks Nominees for the National Sheep Industry Improvement Center
Board of Directors

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Agricultural Marketing Service, The State of Georgia has issued the following
news release:

Department of Agriculture (USDA) is seeking nominations for individuals to serve
on the National Sheep Industry Improvement Center Board of Directors.


There are three vacant positions for the 2015 board. There are two vacancies for
sheep or goat producers and one vacancy for a person with expertise in
marketing.


Any sheep or goat producer within the United States may be nominated for the
producer member positions and anyone with expertise in finance and management
may be nominated for the other position. Nominations are due by June 1, 2014,
and must be submitted by a USDA Certified National sheep and goat industry
organization. All applicable forms must be completed in their entirety and can
be found at www.ams.usda.gov/NSIIC.


USDA encourages board membership that reflects the diversity of the individuals
served by its industry. Diversity includes gender, race, disability, length of
service, and size and type of operation.


The board is comprised of seven voting members and two non-voting members.
Voting members include four active producers of sheep or goats in the United
States; two members with expertise in finance and management; and one member
with expertise in lamb, wool, goat, or goat product marketing. Non-voting
members include USDA's Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs and
the Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics.


The Secretary of Agriculture selects appointees nominated by any national
organization whose membership consists primarily of active sheep or goat
producers in the United States; and the primary interest of the organization is
the production of sheep or goats in the United States.


The Sheep Center was established as part of the 2008 Farm Bill and its board
administers a grant program designed to improve the competitiveness of the U.S.
sheep and goat industries.

For further information please visit: http://www.ams.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 15, 1987 Friday

World grain stockpiles seem likely to drop

BYLINE: JOHN KOHUT; GAM

LENGTH: 691 words


BY  JOHN KOHUT
 The Globe and Mail
  World grain stockpiles appear to be headed for a drop for the first time
in four years because of a slowdown in production and poor weather,
factors that have contributed to a rally in grain prices.

According to a U.S. Department of Agriculture report, 1987 global
production of wheat and coarse grains such as corn, oats and barley is
likely to fall short of consumption for the first time since 1983, a year
in which U.S. production was cut sharply by drought and government
programs.

The report says the fall in grain prices last year appears to have
encouraged consumption and led to a "less rapid expansion of production in
many countries."

The USDA expects countries outside of the United States will need 82
million metric tons more grain than they produce in 1987-88, compared with
a production shortfall in those countries of 52 million tons during the
current season. World inventories of wheat and coarse grains are forecast
to decline to 357 million tons from a record 368.4 million this season.

Meanwhile, weather conditions threaten to cut grain yields in several
countries. Although analysts say it is still too soon in the year to make
firm forecasts, prices and volumes are up sharply on commodity exchanges.

Katharina Zimmer, senior grain analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. of
New York, said the forecast is for drier and warmer weather than normal in
the U.S. West for the next 10 to 30 days. While U.S. wheat is progressing
well, rain is needed for the corn crop, which has just been planted, and
soybean crop, 50 per cent of which is now in.

"The major factor so far is that it is just too hot and dry," Ms Zimmer
said.

Cool temperatures and heavy rain have delayed planting of grain crops
in the Soviet Union by as much as a month. Reports from Beijing say that
China will return to being a net grain importer this year after two years
as a net exporter because of drought.

In Canada, dry conditions have helped farmers get their crops planted
ahead of normal, according to John Morriss of the Canadian Wheat Board,
which is responsible for shipping 90 per cent of prairie wheat. But the
southern regions of Saskatchewan, Alberta and Manitoba have received less
rain than normal for this time of year. "We're starting to get concerned"
about rain, Mr. Morriss said.

The Chicago Board of Trade reports a strong rally in grain futures.
Soybeans for May delivery were quoted at $5.75 (U.S.) a bushel, up about
75 cents from a month ago, while December corn is up almost 30 cents at
$2.06 a bushel.

On the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange grain futures prices are up by 5 to
10 per cent, compared with a month ago, mainly because of concern about
the weather, according to Ken Emmond, a spokesman for the exchange.
"People are starting to smell a drought," he said.

Stan Casar of McLeod Young Weir Ltd. said the commodities market in
Winnipeg is "sitting on a pivot point. . . . The speculators are long in
the market and they are very, very nervous," with most having bet that
rainfall will be below normal.

David Champion of grain merchants James Richardson & Sons Ltd. of
Winnipeg said that Canada appears to be heading for record exports of 32
million tons of grain for the current year, which ends in July, and that
the outlook for next year's volumes remains good.

But prices in the coming year may be affected by a U.S. announcement it
will sell four million tons of wheat to the Soviet Union.

Mr. Champion said this is not expected to affect Canadian sales volumes
to the Soviet Union next year. But the U.S.-Soviet contract could hurt
prices because Canada's trade partners are likely to balk at paying more
than the price of $80 a ton Moscow is paying for the U.S. wheat.

Canada will have sold nine million to 10 million tons of grain to the
Soviet Union this year, most of it being wheat and barley, he said.

An Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development agreement in
principle this week to speed up the process of dismantling farm subsidies
was received by analysts with skepticism. They say that because of the
strength of farm lobbies, it could take several years for the agreement in
principle to be followed up with strong action.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                  November 27, 1993, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

French farmers fight losing battle to maintain prices

BYLINE: Gerry Aziakou

SECTION: SECTION 3, SPECIAL REPORT: FRANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 789 words

DATELINE: Paris, France


French farmers are fighting a losing battle against the accelerating decline of
agriculture across the European Community.

''Our goal is to keep farmers who can stand on their own two feet, farmers
present on the entire territory and not pushed back in some privileged areas or
parked in reservations,'' says Luc Guyau, head of the 600,000-member FNSEA, the
farmers' main labor union.

In the 1980s, two million farmers, including 600,000 in France, were driven off
the land in the EC under the so-called Common Agricultural Policy, and the
movement is sure to accelerate in the 1990s.

Militant farmers, particularly members of the Co-ordination rurale, which
organized large-scale protests across France in September, have been up in arms
over the CAP reform.

Under the revised CAP, EC cereal production must fall by 29% over three years in
exchange for price supports of 1,500 francs to 1,800 francs ($335 to $400) a
hectare for farmers agreeing to freeze at least 15% of their land.

EC oilseed production is also limited to five million hectares, even though the
community imports half of its needs, mainly from the U.S. Beef prices are to
drop 15% by 1996, with production limited to the 1992 level. The price of butter
is being cut 2.5% a year until 1996, and milk quotas, which brought a 12% cut in
community output, are to be maintained at the 1992 level.

While only mainstream farmers' groups such as the FNSEA endorse the CAP reform,
most farmers' unions have joined hands to oppose last November's U.S.-EC
agreement, known as the Blair House accord, which calls for a 21% cut in the
volume of subsidized EC farm exports over six years and a 36% reduction in EC
price supports.

The community would thus be forced to slash cereal exports by 15 million-20
million tonnes in the next few years, with French farmers suffering half of this
burden. This would mean a US$3.5-billion sacrifice for France, the world's No. 2
agricultural exporter after the U.S.

The EC subsidies, which benefit mainly French farmers, encourage overproduction.
As of Sept. 1, according to EC figures, the community had a surplus of 29
million tonnes of grain, 908,000 tonnes of beef, 128,000 tonnes of cheese,
303,000 tonnes of butter, 85,000 tonnes of pork and 4.8 million litres of wine.

Under pressure from the farm lobby, Prime Minister Edouard Balladur's government
is threatening to veto the Blair House accord unless French farmers get a better
deal. It regards the accord as unacceptable in its present form, maintaining it
would hurt French farmers too much, cost them world markets and drive them off
the land. But the U.S. adamantly rejects any renegotiation.

Is France merely engaging in brinkmanship? Is the world's fourth-ranking
industrialized trading nation really prepared to jeopardize lucrative exports of
cars, commercial planes, high-speed trains and nuclear installations for the
sake of subsidies that benefit only a minority of French farmers? The
conventional wisdom is that the French stance is dictated by electoral
considerations.

The farm lobby wields great influence in Balladur's neo-Gaullist RPR
(Rassemblement pour la Republique) party, whose leader, Jacques Chirac, hopes to
win the 1995 presidential election.

''For internal political reasons, it is important for Balladur to appear
extremely pugnacious (in the GATT negotiations). One hopes that this is not
based on a miscalculation,'' says Bernard Godement, an analyst with the Nomura
Research Institute.

France initially found itself isolated on the international stage. Australian
Trade Minister Peter Cook, chairman of the Cairns Group of 14 leading farm
exporting nations (including Canada), warned in October that France would be
blamed if the Uruguay Round fails. He said a balanced GATT accord would boost
the wealth of France by 150 billion francs and would create 500,000 French jobs
by 2002.

In France itself, leading political and business figures including former prime
minister Raymond Barre and Francois Perigot, chairman of the French employers'
association CNPF, have spoken in favor of a GATT deal and warned against the
danger of creeping protectionism.

A report on free trade by RPR MP Patrick Devedjian also argued that it was in
France's interest to enhance the role of GATT as the best way to combat U.S.
hegemony. The report, which was censured by a parliamentary commission, also
pointed out that the farm subsidies benefit mainly a small group of French
farmers concentrated in the cereal sector.

EC foreign ministers, however, closed ranks at a meeting in Brusels this month
and blamed the U.S. and Japan for failing to reciprocate the EC's more generous
tariff concessions.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Farmers are up in arms over changes to European agricultural
policy.

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.

                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 13, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Fall in Soybeans and Cotton Expected After Crop Report

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 15; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 448 words


Crop analysts predicted lower prices for soybean futures after the Agriculture
Department yesterday projected a larger harvest than most experts had expected.

The department's crop report, issued after the market's close, was considered
neutral for corn prices but extremely bearish for the cotton market, where
futures prices were expected to open sharply lower today.

Grain and soybean futures rose yesterday ahead of the eagerly awaited report,
the first this year based on field surveys. Cotton futures retreated.

Wheat for delivery in September settled 3 cents higher, at $2.98 3/4 a bushel,
on the Chicago Board of Trade; September corn rose 2 1/4 cents, to $2.53 a
bushel; September oats finished 1 1/4 cents higher, at $1.32 3/4 a bushel;
August soybeans rose 2 1/2 cents, to $5.58 1/2 a bushel.

Analysts predicted that the soybean market would open at least 5 cents to 10
cents lower today, mostly in reaction to the Agriculture Department's prediction
that United States farmers would harvest 1.87 billion bushels of soybeans this
year, 3 percent below last year's 1.92 billion bushels.

The market had expected the Government to project a 5 percent drop in soybean
production, to 1.83 billion bushels, because of the scattered Midwestern
drought.

The Agriculture Department number was especially surprising because it did not
take into account the several days of rain last week that brought relief to some
of the driest parts of the region. Analysts said that the rain increased the
prospective harvest by 50 million bushels but that more rain was needed.

The Agriculture Department projected a corn harvest of 7.42 billion bushels, 6
percent below last year's 7.93 billion. The number was near market expectations.

The agency predicted a 1991 United States cotton harvest of 17.65 million bales,
14 percent more than last year, compared with market expectations for a 7
percent increase.

Ernest Simon, cotton specialist with Prudential Securities Inc. in New York,
said he expected cotton futures to fall the permitted daily limit of 2 cents a
pound when trading resumes today on the New York Cotton Exchange.

Cotton for October delivery settled at 65.80 cents a pound yesterday, down 1.35
cents.

Gasoline futures headed higher in moderate trading on the New York Mercantile
Exchange amid continuing reports of refinery problems.

Wholesale unleaded gasoline for September delivery rose 0.21 cent, to 69.69
cents a gallon; crude oil for September delivery settled at $21.69 a barrel, up
7 cents from late Friday; September home heaing oil rose 0.12 cent, to 60.12
cents a gallon; Sptember natural gas settled at $1.289 per 1,000 cubic feet, up
0.01 cent.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    March 29, 1990, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Grain report speculation stirs up futures trading

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 24, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 284 words


  There was active trading in soybean and grain futures yesterday as traders at
the Chicago Board of Trade tried to take advantage of speculation about what may
be in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's crucial prospective plantings and
quarterly grain stocks report.

Traders speculated that the report, to be published Friday, will show U.S.
soybean acreage at 58.5 million acres. Last spring soybean plantings totaled
60.7 million acres.

The U.S. corn crop is now being forecast to come in at 75.2 million acres, which
is well above the 72.3 million planted in the spring of 1989.

Total U.S. wheat seedings for 1990 were estimated at 78.6 million acres,
compared with 76.6 million last year.

CBOT soybean futures settled US9 cents to US11 3/4 cents a bushel lower. May,
the most actively traded contract, finished at US$5.88 3/4, down US11 1/2 cents.

Pressure in soybeans stemmed from speculation the South American soybean harvest
will be picking up steam in the next few days because of good weather
conditions.

Corn futures at the CBOT closed US2 cents to US3 1/2 cents lower. July, the most
sought after future, ended at US$2.61 3/4 a bushel, down US2 3/4 cents.

The expected increase in corn acreage prompted most of the selling, pushing CBOT
corn futures lower yesterday.

A lack of exports also pushed CBOT corn futures lower yesterday. Near ideal
growing conditions for the U.S. winter wheat crop also weighed heavily on CBOT
wheat futures. CBOT wheat closed US2 3/4 cents to US5 cents a bushel lower. May
ended down the US5 cents at US$3.50.

CME pork bellies closed US$1.10 to US$1.40 a hundredweight higher. May finished
at US$53.95, up US$1.35.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.

                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 3, 2014

Is modern farming misunderstood?;
Farming and Your Freedom

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 551  words


There was a time when "Old McDonald Had a Farm," though just a tune for kids,
sort of told the story of American farming. No more. Modern production
agriculture is radically different than in the days of 160 acres in the valley
and Old McDonald.

In fact, farm advocacy groups, including commodity associations, have banded
together to criticize a new television series produced by the Chipotle Mexican
Grill chain. The show, called "Farmed and Dangerous," on Hulu Plus, depicts
modern production agriculture as farming on steroids -- gone insane. The company
said it satirizes American corporate agribusiness as out of control.

According to The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, the first episode focused on
farmers who feed petroleum pellets to their cattle to save money and boost
profits, causing a cow to explode. Other episodes, The Journal Sentinel said,
talked about issues such as antibiotics in meat and food, and libel laws that
makes it easier for Big Food to sue its critics, that according to The New York
Times.

The Times wrote: "Starring the actor Ray Wise, the series is a full-throated
attack on industrial agriculture, complete with a Dr. Strangelove-like scientist
inventing eight-winged chickens and cash bribes being delivered in gift boxes."
Chipotle said the series "underscores social values." Farming, apparently,
doesn't share those values. "The show," Chipotle chief marketing and development
officer, Mark Crum packer, told The Journal Sentinel, "addresses issues that we
think are important, albeit in a satirical way, without being explicitly about
Chipotle. This approach allows us to produce content that communicates our
values and entertains people at the same time."

Farm groups, you might not be surprised to know, view the series in quite a
different light. The Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation, for example, said,
Chipotle's latest marketing ploy is simply divisive propaganda. "We hope that
consumers see through this smear campaign against America's farm families by a
corporate restaurant chain."

Wisconsin farmers are sensitive to criticism broadly brushed after the national
attention the state received recently when an undercover video shot by an animal
rights group showed cows being kicked, whipped and otherwise abused on a Brown
County farm, The Journal Sentinel reported. Farm groups said they were "sickened
by the actions, which don't represent typical livestock handling practices."

Groups said the exploding cow and other bizarre behavior depicted on "Farmed and
Dangerous" sends "the wrong message to the public about modern farming
practices." The Journal Sentinel quoted Mike North, a board member at Wisconsin
Dairy Business Association: "It's saddening. It really is. There is a basic
misunderstanding of what farming is and how it has progressed over time.
Humorous or not, it plays poorly to getting the right information out."

Okay, so Big Farming is, well, a big boy now. It will get criticized and will
learn how to take it. But, the worry is that TV viewers might get a truly
twisted view of where their food comes from -- and vote accordingly.

After all, a large percentage of people have told surveys that they get their
news from late night television monologues, and the latest incarnation of the
Farm Bill was not exactly a popularity contest. Nuff said.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2014 Decorah Journal

                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 15, 1987 Tuesday

Grain farmers won't recover until '89, Wise says

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY  OLIVER BERTIN
 The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
  There is light at the end of the tunnel for Canada's troubled grain
farmers, but the light won't come until 1989, says John Wise, federal
Agriculture Minister.

Cattlemen, however, are enjoying their best year yet, and can expect
another record year in 1988.

As for consumers, they will continue to have low-cost food for the
foreseeable future.

Federal economists told the 53rd annual Canadian Agricultural Outlook
Conference that retail food prices will remain relatively unchanged in
1988, while consumers will see a 3.3 per cent rise in their real personal
disposable income.

Canadians now spend about 16 per cent of their disposable income on
food, the lowest level in the Western world.

The retail price of pork is expected to drop by 15 per cent in 1988,
the price of chicken may fall by 3 to 5 per cent, and prices for apples
and winter vegetables are expected to decline slightly.

The savings may not be translated into larger bank accounts, however,
because consumers are expected to take advantage of their higher
disposable income and spend more on highly processed food. They are also
expected to eat more often in restaurants, where food prices are expected
to rise by between 2 and 4 per cent.

The federal economists said wheat prices are expected to bottom out in
1987-88 and start a slow recovery in the 1988-89 crop year.

The recovery will come because world wheat production is finally coming
into line with consumption.

Canadian wheat prices are expected to rise slightly in 1988-89 to about
$180 a metric ton from the current average of about $173.

Exports of wheat will likely reach 21 million tons - the same as last
year's record - by the time the current crop year ends on July 31, 1988,
but the economists warned that export sales would depend on the United
States.

The United States has been spending billions of dollars on export
subsidies, and lately has been directing the financing at Canada's
traditional trading partners, China and the Soviet Union.

The economists warned that Canada has difficulty selling grain in
competition with the United States when that country uses these subsidies.

The outlook for coarse grains - barley and corn - is also looking up,
but the turnaround is a little further away than it is for wheat.

Coarse grain stocks could decline by up to 20 per cent around the world
by mid-1989, because production is slowly coming down, while consumption
is rising sharply.

Canadian farmers are expected to grow less barley and corn in 1988, and
to receive about the same prices.

Cattlemen are ending their best year in recent memory, and can look
forward to another record year in 1988.

Record-high cattle prices will remain steady in the first half, as
cattlemen continue to rebuild their herds after the massive kill-offs
during the depression of recent years.

Steers should be selling for about $89 a hundredweight for the
remainder of 1987 and through 1988.

Cattlemen will also benefit from low feed prices, at least until the
price of corn and barley starts to rise in 1989 or 1990.

Pork producers, however, will find profits fall in late 1988 and into
1989.

In 1987, prices were good and the industry optimistic.

Hog farmers are building up their herds and this will lead to
overproduction by mid-1988, and a drop in prices.

Hog prices are expected to average about $135 a hundred kilograms
through 1988 and much of 1989.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Japan Economic Journal

                                 March 17, 1981

REBUTTAL BY NATIONAL CHAMBER OF AGRICULTURE;
Food security warrants protection

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1526 words




Basic Views on Japan-U.S. Agricultural Trade

Japan's agriculture and rural communities play a major role as a stable
foundation of the nation and its society -a role which will need to be given
greater attention in the future.

The sound growth of farming operations and the building of a dynamic rural
community are therefore essential to Japan's political, economic and social
stability and development. It is the basis for ensuring the favorable
development of Japan-U.S. political and economic relations in the long term.
Japan-U.S. agricultural trade must be based on a common understanding of these
facts on both sides.

Agriculture in Japan is entering a period of major transformation under stable
economic growth. In April 1980, the Japanese Diet (both Houses)unanimously
adopted a "Resolution concerning Improving Self-sufficiency in Food," and, in
October, the Agricultural Policy Council, an advisory organ to the Prime
Minister, submitted to him its report, "The Basic Directions of Agricultural
Policy for the 1980s."

It is common knowledge that Japan imports large quantities of grain and other
agricultural products from the United States. These imports have played an
important role in the development of our bilateral trade, the supply of
foodstuffs to the Japanese people, and the rapid growth of the food industry and
livestock farming. At the same time, however, large imports of low-priced
grains, etc., have been a major factor in lowering the farmland utilization
ratio and reducing the food self-sufficiency ratio to a level unparalleled in
any other country. Solution to this problem is an important task in the
formulation of Japan's agricultural policies.

The report of the JapanUnited States Economic Relations Group proposes a
reduction in Japan's level of agricuituralprotection, emphasizing three main
areas:(1)reassessment of policies on the pricing and importation of agricultural
products (that is, reflection of international prices and relaxation and
abolition of import restrictions); (2)expansion of the scale of farming
operations; (3)food security and reserves.

We cannot agree to seeking a quick realization of the proposals made in the
report$-for example, closing the gap between domestic and international prices,
easing quantitative restrictions on agricultural imports, and lowering the level
of protection -since this would impede the future development of Japanese
agriculture and have an adverse impact on the JapanU.S. relationship.

To expand the amount of agricultural imports in the future would lead to the
decline of Japan's agriculture. It would also bring about further deterioration
in the world food situation and would probably be criticized by the developing
countries and others for doing so. This, it should be added, would have an
adverse impact on solving the international problems that Japan and the United
States both face.

Reflection of International Prices and Easing of Quantitative Restrictions on
Imports

(1)The pattern of agriculture in any country is determined by its climate,
natural conditions and dietary habits. It is inappropriate -and possibly
destructive to Japanese agriculture -to immediately bring domestic support
prices in line with international prices and ease quantitative restrictions on
agricultural imports, ignoring the differences between the conditions prevailing
in Japanese agriculture and those in the United States and other agriculturally
advanced countries. This is one of the most emphasized aspects of agricultural
policy, not only in Japan, but also in the United States and other western
industrial countrmes.

Obviously, it is necessary to improve productivity and reduce costs, and Japan
is in fact considering what kind of pricing policies might keep in step with the
degree of achievement of restructuring to expand operating scales and boost
productivity. In the case of land-intensive farming, the goal of price policies
should be to keep the gap between domestic and international prices from
increasing any further for the time being, and in the long term efforts will
need to be made to reduce this gap by whatever degree is possible. However, it
must be understood that there is a limit to the degree to which it can be
reduced, now and in the future.

(2)If a policy of closing the gap between the producer prices of rice and
international price levels is immediately implemented in order to cut back rice
production, there will be disruption, not only in the rice crop -the key crop in
Japanese agriculture and the central crop in land-intensive agriculture -but
throughout Japanese agriculture. It is most realistic to promote a smooth
conversion from rice to other crops while maintaining the vitality of Japanese
agriculture through the paddy field reorganization measures currently being
implemented.

(3)As for the restrictions on agricultural imports, Japan has already
liberalized to levels that compare well with other countries, and reduction of
the number of non-liberalized items has reached its limit. Moreover the import
quantities of non-liberalized items have already been expanded substantially as
part of an all-out effort to expand agricultural trade.

The report also proposed that the present quota system be abolished (that is,
imports would be liberalized)and that study be initiated on the adoption of a
deficiency payment system as an alternative. This would entail problems in the
form of an increased fiscal burden and other related problems which would
require cautious consideration. It is inappropriate to view the adoption of a
deficiency payments system as an effective means of immediately making possible
the abolition of import quotas.

(4)Efforts are being made to expand as much as possible imports of citrus fruit
and beef -which have come to symbolize the items for which quantitative
restrictions apply. Any further expansion will be the last straw for the farmers
in these sectors who are making efforts to deal with the situation by improving
their operations. Citrus fruit and beef make up only a very small part of the
United States' exports to Japan, and it is meaningless and undesirable for the
development of Japan-U.S. trade relations to make too great an issue of import
restrictions on these.



Expansion of Farm Size and the Encouragement of a Land Rental Market

Japan's agriculture has recently been going through a period of transition in
which "core"farmingoperations (those where the male breadwinner is engaged
full-time in farming)and greater productivity are being encouraged by promoting
greater fluidity of farmland through rental, etc. The reorganization of Japan's
agriculture through the implementation of a restructuring policy is only just
under way and it is necessary to aid and assist this trend toward reorganization
with all due urgency.

The proposal concerning agricultural restructuring is by and large appropriate,
but given tne historical conditions that have led to the development of such
small-scale farms in Japan, reform is not something that can be achieved in a
short time; it will need to be tackled over a long period. During the interval a
number of difficult problems will require solution, including the land price
problems peculiar to Japan, preparation of the land base for mechanization,
collectivization of farmland, and reorganization of paddy field use. Assistance
to help solve these problems will be essential.

It must also be understood that even if productivity increases are promoted as
much as possible by carrying out such structural reorganization, Japanese
agriculture, especially the land-intensive sectors, will be unable to withstand
international competition without a certain level of continued protection.



Food Security and a Contingency Reserve

(1)The Group's proposals suggest that it is unrealistic to increase
self-sufficiency of food, that food security cannot be guaranteed by protection
of agriculture, and that imported reserves are cheaper.

However, the very existence of the nation depends on its food security, the
basis of which should be the increasing of domestic self-sufficiency, which
will, of course, entail a fiscal burden to that end.

European industrial countries are emphasizing the maintenance and strengthening
of their domestic self-sufficiency, and Japan should not rely on cheap imports.

Moreover, any fiscal burden would be an investment for the development of
Japanese agriculture.

(2)In fact, Japan is heavily dependent on imports of American agricultural
products and does face some very real difficulties in raising its domestic
self-sufficiency rate substantially. It will be necessary, however, to endeavor
in principle to supply future increases in demand ourselves.

(3)At the same time, our food security also requires that we promote the stable
import of feedgrains, etc. Such stability also has advantages for producers in
exporting countries in that they are guaranteed a stable market.

(4)Reserves should be expanded and bolstered on the basis of the strengthening
of domestic self-sufficiency and stable imparts as outlined above.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1981 The Nihon Keizai Shimbun

                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Japan Economic Journal

                                 March 17, 1981

REBUTTAL BY NATIONAL CHAMBER OF AGRICULTURE;
Food security warrants protection

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1526 words




Basic Views on Japan-U.S. Agricultural Trade

Japan's agriculture and rural communities play a major role as a stable
foundation of the nation and its society -a role which will need to be given
greater attention in the future.

The sound growth of farming operations and the building of a dynamic rural
community are therefore essential to Japan's political, economic and social
stability and development. It is the basis for ensuring the favorable
development of Japan-U.S. political and economic relations in the long term.
Japan-U.S. agricultural trade must be based on a common understanding of these
facts on both sides.

Agriculture in Japan is entering a period of major transformation under stable
economic growth. In April 1980, the Japanese Diet (both Houses)unanimously
adopted a "Resolution concerning Improving Self-sufficiency in Food," and, in
October, the Agricultural Policy Council, an advisory organ to the Prime
Minister, submitted to him its report, "The Basic Directions of Agricultural
Policy for the 1980s."

It is common knowledge that Japan imports large quantities of grain and other
agricultural products from the United States. These imports have played an
important role in the development of our bilateral trade, the supply of
foodstuffs to the Japanese people, and the rapid growth of the food industry and
livestock farming. At the same time, however, large imports of low-priced
grains, etc., have been a major factor in lowering the farmland utilization
ratio and reducing the food self-sufficiency ratio to a level unparalleled in
any other country. Solution to this problem is an important task in the
formulation of Japan's agricultural policies.

The report of the JapanUnited States Economic Relations Group proposes a
reduction in Japan's level of agricuituralprotection, emphasizing three main
areas:(1)reassessment of policies on the pricing and importation of agricultural
products (that is, reflection of international prices and relaxation and
abolition of import restrictions); (2)expansion of the scale of farming
operations; (3)food security and reserves.

We cannot agree to seeking a quick realization of the proposals made in the
report$-for example, closing the gap between domestic and international prices,
easing quantitative restrictions on agricultural imports, and lowering the level
of protection -since this would impede the future development of Japanese
agriculture and have an adverse impact on the JapanU.S. relationship.

To expand the amount of agricultural imports in the future would lead to the
decline of Japan's agriculture. It would also bring about further deterioration
in the world food situation and would probably be criticized by the developing
countries and others for doing so. This, it should be added, would have an
adverse impact on solving the international problems that Japan and the United
States both face.

Reflection of International Prices and Easing of Quantitative Restrictions on
Imports

(1)The pattern of agriculture in any country is determined by its climate,
natural conditions and dietary habits. It is inappropriate -and possibly
destructive to Japanese agriculture -to immediately bring domestic support
prices in line with international prices and ease quantitative restrictions on
agricultural imports, ignoring the differences between the conditions prevailing
in Japanese agriculture and those in the United States and other agriculturally
advanced countries. This is one of the most emphasized aspects of agricultural
policy, not only in Japan, but also in the United States and other western
industrial countrmes.

Obviously, it is necessary to improve productivity and reduce costs, and Japan
is in fact considering what kind of pricing policies might keep in step with the
degree of achievement of restructuring to expand operating scales and boost
productivity. In the case of land-intensive farming, the goal of price policies
should be to keep the gap between domestic and international prices from
increasing any further for the time being, and in the long term efforts will
need to be made to reduce this gap by whatever degree is possible. However, it
must be understood that there is a limit to the degree to which it can be
reduced, now and in the future.

(2)If a policy of closing the gap between the producer prices of rice and
international price levels is immediately implemented in order to cut back rice
production, there will be disruption, not only in the rice crop -the key crop in
Japanese agriculture and the central crop in land-intensive agriculture -but
throughout Japanese agriculture. It is most realistic to promote a smooth
conversion from rice to other crops while maintaining the vitality of Japanese
agriculture through the paddy field reorganization measures currently being
implemented.

(3)As for the restrictions on agricultural imports, Japan has already
liberalized to levels that compare well with other countries, and reduction of
the number of non-liberalized items has reached its limit. Moreover the import
quantities of non-liberalized items have already been expanded substantially as
part of an all-out effort to expand agricultural trade.

The report also proposed that the present quota system be abolished (that is,
imports would be liberalized)and that study be initiated on the adoption of a
deficiency payment system as an alternative. This would entail problems in the
form of an increased fiscal burden and other related problems which would
require cautious consideration. It is inappropriate to view the adoption of a
deficiency payments system as an effective means of immediately making possible
the abolition of import quotas.

(4)Efforts are being made to expand as much as possible imports of citrus fruit
and beef -which have come to symbolize the items for which quantitative
restrictions apply. Any further expansion will be the last straw for the farmers
in these sectors who are making efforts to deal with the situation by improving
their operations. Citrus fruit and beef make up only a very small part of the
United States' exports to Japan, and it is meaningless and undesirable for the
development of Japan-U.S. trade relations to make too great an issue of import
restrictions on these.



Expansion of Farm Size and the Encouragement of a Land Rental Market

Japan's agriculture has recently been going through a period of transition in
which "core"farmingoperations (those where the male breadwinner is engaged
full-time in farming)and greater productivity are being encouraged by promoting
greater fluidity of farmland through rental, etc. The reorganization of Japan's
agriculture through the implementation of a restructuring policy is only just
under way and it is necessary to aid and assist this trend toward reorganization
with all due urgency.

The proposal concerning agricultural restructuring is by and large appropriate,
but given tne historical conditions that have led to the development of such
small-scale farms in Japan, reform is not something that can be achieved in a
short time; it will need to be tackled over a long period. During the interval a
number of difficult problems will require solution, including the land price
problems peculiar to Japan, preparation of the land base for mechanization,
collectivization of farmland, and reorganization of paddy field use. Assistance
to help solve these problems will be essential.

It must also be understood that even if productivity increases are promoted as
much as possible by carrying out such structural reorganization, Japanese
agriculture, especially the land-intensive sectors, will be unable to withstand
international competition without a certain level of continued protection.



Food Security and a Contingency Reserve

(1)The Group's proposals suggest that it is unrealistic to increase
self-sufficiency of food, that food security cannot be guaranteed by protection
of agriculture, and that imported reserves are cheaper.

However, the very existence of the nation depends on its food security, the
basis of which should be the increasing of domestic self-sufficiency, which
will, of course, entail a fiscal burden to that end.

European industrial countries are emphasizing the maintenance and strengthening
of their domestic self-sufficiency, and Japan should not rely on cheap imports.

Moreover, any fiscal burden would be an investment for the development of
Japanese agriculture.

(2)In fact, Japan is heavily dependent on imports of American agricultural
products and does face some very real difficulties in raising its domestic
self-sufficiency rate substantially. It will be necessary, however, to endeavor
in principle to supply future increases in demand ourselves.

(3)At the same time, our food security also requires that we promote the stable
import of feedgrains, etc. Such stability also has advantages for producers in
exporting countries in that they are guaranteed a stable market.

(4)Reserves should be expanded and bolstered on the basis of the strengthening
of domestic self-sufficiency and stable imparts as outlined above.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1981 The Nihon Keizai Shimbun

                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Stone County Enterprise (Wiggins, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 29, 2015

Heat not helping states corn crop

BYLINE: Stone County Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 589  words


Wet spring weather prevented Mississippi farmers from planting as many corn
acres as they intended, but despite the heat, the crop is mostly looking good in
fields across the state.

"We should have a good crop this year, but it won't be a record," said Erick
Larson, Mississippi State University Extension Service corn specialist. "The
planted acreage is down from what was intended because it was terribly rainy
during spring planting, which delayed planting and restricted corn acreage."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that 70 percent of the state's
overall corn crop is in good or excellent condition. One-quarter of the crop is
estimated in fair condition, while 5 percent is rated as very poor or poor.

"The primary issues we've had recently are the heat and a lack of rainfall,"
Larson said. "Nighttime temperatures have been 2 degrees hotter than normal,
with night temperatures 75 degrees or higher for the last two weeks."

Larson said this summer has been the fourth warmest in the last 20 years. The
only hotter years in that period were 1998, 2010 and 2011. The heat will likely
have the greatest negative impact on the late-planted acres.

Dennis Reginelli, Extension agronomic regional specialist, works with corn
producers in east Mississippi.

"In the Black Prairie region, the ground was wet up until about May 1. Most of
our corn was planted in a 10-day period in early May," Reginelli said. "However,
we decided in some situations to stop planting corn, and the growers changed
gears. Those who were also planting cotton did that instead, and those who were
also growing soybeans planted it instead."

Reginelli said much of the farmland in Noxubee County is irrigated, but not all
corn-growing areas are irrigated. Without irrigation, producing corn is a risky
proposition, so those growing it on dryland acres were careful to quit planting
the crop when the ideal window closed.

"Although much of the crop was planted late, we did a good job of accumulating
heat units, and the crop is progressing pretty rapidly," he said. "I would say
90 percent of the corn is 20 days from physiological maturity."

The heat that is helping the corn mature rapidly is also driving up the daily
water demand.

"We're using the maximum amount of moisture per day as the corn is trying mature
and cool," Reginelli said. "Because it's so hot at night, the corn isn't able to
recoup after a hot day."

Late-planted corn is also susceptible to windblown diseases. Reginelli said some
corn in east Mississippi is dealing with Southern corn rust, and there is the
potential for other diseases to become a threat before harvest.

Brian Williams, Extension agricultural economist, said corn prices are slightly
better this year but have fluctuated with the weather. Greenville cash corn
traded at $4.44 in mid-July and $4.13 a year ago.

Earlier this summer, wet weather kept producers out of the field, and many were
concerned about a large drop in acres," Williams said. "Going forward, traders
are watching crop conditions and how they will respond to the forecasted heat
wave through the last week of August."

Thirty-nine percent of the corn produced in the U.S. is used as feed; 39
percent, ethanol; 14 percent, exports; and 10 percent, food. Imported corn is
used to make up the difference between what is produced and what is used.

"For the most part, these proportions remain relatively constant," Williams
said. "We are expected to use slightly more corn for ethanol production this
year but slightly less for livestock feed than a year ago."

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STC

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Stone County Enterprise

                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 13, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

Healthy Eating;
 In Season;
 Beans have plenty of flava;
 Pick of the Week: Fava Beans

BYLINE: Cynthia Hizer, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Food; Pg. 10H

LENGTH: 1003 words


Now's the time to stock up on onions. Prices are so low, in fact, that farmers
are plowing them under. Warm winter weather has sped up Texas onion harvests,
and melons could start almost two weeks early.

Here are more highlights from the produce bins this week:

BEST BUYS: California navel oranges, through April; yellow and bicolor sweet
corn and green snap beans from Florida; jumbo onions; Washington state storage
Red Delicious apples, especially smaller sizes; smaller California avocados.
Also look for giant bundles of dill at local farmers' markets.

JUST IN: We're seeing the first shipments of Florida cucumbers and Texas sweet
1015 onions. Local organic farmers are bringing to specialty stores asparagus,
White Icicle radishes, flowering pea pods and baby lettuces.

LOOKING GOOD: California artichokes, green cabbage, broccoli; California
cauliflower supplies will be increasing and prices are fair; seedless
watermelon, sweet potatoes, Mexican raspberries. Table grapes are coming in from
Argentina and South Africa and the flavor is superior for nondomestic grapes.

EXPENSIVE: Eggplant supplies are moving from Mexico and Arizona to Northern
California and may create a gap; McIntosh apples will be winding down their
season, and the last of the supplies will be higher. Don't look for deals in
baby lettuces and lettuce mixes; Atlanta has some of the highest prices in the
country on these items. All varieties of tomato continue to rise in price while
Florida has the market to itself. White sweet corn is slightly higher in some
stores than yellow corn.

BUYER BEWARE: Onions and potatoes are sprouting because that is what they do
this time of year. Onions may be soft; green sprouting potatoes may taste bitter
and could be toxic. Chilean blueberry harvests are ending; if you see price
deals, they will likely be on marginal fruit.

FADING FAST: You'll see a few blood oranges, but they are puffy and less juicy.
We're seeing the end of Chilean raspberries; you may see appearance and quality
problems.

SEAFOOD DEPARTMENT: Red snapper catches have ended for this year. Soft shell
crabs get larger as the season progresses.

Alaskan halibut season has started. It's a white, meaty fish. Even kids love it.
You can cook it any way. Look for center-cut 1- to 1 1/2-pound steaks or
boneless fillets, skin-on, cut to portion size --- 6 to 8 ounces. The fish will
average $ 7.99 a pound, regardless of form. Serve it with a citrus-butter sauce
and capers. Sea bass is hard to find and the price has gone through the roof.
Lobster is high; don't look for any price relief until after Easter.

ETC.: Spring fromage blanc, fresh goat cheese, is available at specialty cheese
stores and counters.
MENU
Aunt Deborah's Pasta With Fava BeansSalad with sliced cucumbers, sweet onions
and dill vinaigretteRoasted Strawberries
MENU

MAIN DISH
Aunt Deborah's Pasta With Fava Beans

Deborah Geering, an editor at the Journal-Constitution, shared this fresh and
simple main dish that showcases fava beans. It was devised by her aunt, Deborah
McMillan.
Makes 4 servings
Preparation time: 20 minutes
Cooking time: 15-20 minutes

2 pounds fava beans, in their pods (about 1 cup shelled)

1/2 cup bread crumbs
1 tablespoon butter

1/2 pound linguine or other pasta
4 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons minced shallot
2 to 4 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, sliced into ribbons

Salt and pepper

Grated Parmesan or Asiago cheese

Shell the fava beans and remove from casing (see preparation tip in Pick of the
Week); set aside. In a small frying pan over medium heat, brown the bread
crumbs, stirring regularly. Add the butter and stir until melted and absorbed by
the crumbs. Set bread crumbs aside. In a large pot of boiling water, cook pasta
according to package directions. Meanwhile, return frying pan to heat and add
the olive oil. Cook the shallots and garlic until shallots are translucent; add
the shelled fava beans. Cook for 2 minutes, then add the sage, and salt and
pepper to taste. Cook a few seconds longer until sage wilts. Toss the fava
mixture into the pasta, then divide the pasta among 4 dishes. Top each serving
with 1/4 of the bread crumbs; sprinkle with cheese.

Per serving: 522 calories, 17 grams protein, 18 grams fat (percent calories from
fat, 31), 74 grams carbohydrates, 8 milligrams cholesterol, 69 milligrams
sodium, 10 grams fiber.

DESSERT
Roasted Strawberries
Makes 4 servings
Preparation time: 10 minutes
Cooking time: 8 minutes

This is a great way to spiff up the mundane flavor of supermarket fruit.
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
3 tablespoons granulated sugar
16 large, beautiful strawberries, preferably with stems
1 cup heavy cream, chilled
2 tablespoons amaretto or orange liqueur
4 fresh mint sprigs (optional)

Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In an ovenproof skillet just large enough to hold
the strawberries in one layer, melt the butter in the oven, 2 or 3 minutes.
Watch carefully so it does not burn. Remove the skillet from the oven and stir
in 2 tablespoons of the sugar; the mixture will be grainy. Add the berries,
tossing to coat them. Spread in a single layer. Roast, stirring and turning once
or twice, until the berries just begin to soften and the sugar melts, about 5
minutes. Gently roll the berries in the pan syrup to coat, then let them cool
for about 5 minutes in the skillet.

Meanwhile, whip the cream with the liqueur and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar
just until soft peaks form. Divide the cream among four dessert bowls. Arrange
the lukewarm berries in the cream, pointed ends up. Using a teaspoon, dribble
the pan syrup over the cream. Garnish with mint springs if desired. Serve
immediately. --- From "Short and Sweet" by Melanie Barnard (Houghton Mifflin, $
25)

Per serving: 213 calories, 1 gram protein, 14 grams fat (percent calories from
fat, 61), 20 grams carbohydrates, 49 milligrams cholesterol, 13 milligrams
sodium, 3 grams fiber.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
Photos by LOUIE FAVORITE/ Staff
This is how to shell Fava beans and put them in a pot to soak (below).
Photo
The Italian answer to butter beans, these giant and delicious beans mature in
early spring instead of summer. They have nourished China for 5,000 years and
Italy, France and England for who knows how long (where they are called broad
beans or simply, common beans). Yet they are hardly known in the United States.
Elizabeth Schneider, author of "Uncommon Fruits and Vegetables" (Harper & Row, $
16.95), has two theories why. First, Americans have always been in a hurry, and
favas take time to shell. Second, their flavor has a slightly bitter cast --- a
flavor Americans have been lukewarm about until they discovered arugula a few
years ago.
If you've never tried them, check them out for yourself and find out why they
are so prized by top chefs all over. Look for them in local farmers markets and
some supermarkets and specialty markets through early June.
Price: About $ 1.29 a pound, unshelled.
Nutrition: Rich in protein, iron, potassium dietary fiber, vitamins A and C,
flavonoids (which can defend cells against carcinogens) and protease inhibitors
(plant proteins that may aid DNA repair and slow cancer cell division).
Selection: For sure, favas are big, but the look is deceptive. Much of their
weight is pod and casing; 2 pounds of unshelled favas will yield only about a
cup. While the beans can grow a foot in length, most I have found in Atlanta
markets are less than half that size.
Storage: For all their toughness, favas don't have a long shelf life. If you
need to store them more than a few days, shell and freeze them.
Uses: Favas can be cooked as you would cook butter beans or limas, or simply
stew them a few minutes in butter, olive oil or cream. Their bitter- edged
flavor marries well with sage, spring onions, chives or even mint. The more
mature ones can be baked in a casserole, layered with leeks, artichokes and
cheese (even strong ones such as feta).
Preparation: After you remove the beans from the pod, you have one more step ---
to remove the bean from the tough casing covering it. Blanch the beans first,
for only 20 seconds, and then the bean will pop out of the casing. Some people
like to eat the casing, too --- they think it adds to the flavor and texture.
But others are allergic to the casing. Check with your dinner guests before you
decide to leave the casing on.
Photo
Once fava beans are out of the pod, blanching will help them pop out of the
casing (below) / Louie Favorite / Staff
Photo
 Putting Fava into the pot

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution

                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                          November 11, 1982, Thursday

SECTION: Page 46, Column 2

LENGTH: 40 words

Agriculture Dept predicts US corn crop will hit record 8.33 billion bushels in
'82, while soybean production will reach record 2.3 billion bushels.  Increases
its estimates of USSR's '82 grain production to 180 million metric tons (S).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

TYPE: Statistics.

              Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 9, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CATTLE RANCHERS SUE TO STOP GOVERNMENT SLAUGHTER OF DAIRY COWS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 551 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 8


The National Cattlemen's Association filed a suit today in an effort to stop an
Agriculture Department program to slaughter nearly a million dairy cows, saying
the influx of beef was seriously depressing the cattle markets.

A hearing on the suit has been set for April 22 in Lubbock, Tex., before Federal
District Judge Halbert Woodward.

The suit by the association is the second that questions the Government program
in which entire herds of dairy cows are slaughtered or exported in an effort to
end the overproduction of milk.

Earlier this month, a Federal judge in Rochester temporarily blocked the program
after the Humane Society of Rochester and Monroe County complained about the
Federal requirement that an X be branded on the face of each cow.

Temporary Order Extended

The judge in that case, Michael Telesca, today extended his temporary order
barring enforcement of the face branding through April 21. He also set a hearing
for Monday to decide if the injunction should be made permanent.

Representative Frank Horton, Republican of upstate New York, and 19 other
members of the House have introduced a resolution calling on the Agriculture
Department to end the branding requirement. Mr. Horton said the resolution had
been introduced because dairy farmers were not experienced at branding and
risked their own safety as well as that of the animals.

In its suit, the cattlemen's association said the department's decision not to
spread the slaughtering of dairy herds over the 18-month life of the program had
resulted in an oversupply of beef and falling prices in both the live cattle and
futures markets. The beef could be sold in the United States and foreign
countries.

The Agriculture Department, which began the program April 1, will spend about
$1.8 billion over the next 18 months to pay dairy farmers to slaughter their
herds.

Dairy Farmers Need Money

While not commenting on the suit, Daniel Amstutz, Under Secretary of Agriculture
for commodity programs, said cow sales were heavily loaded into the early phase
of the program because many of the dairy farmers needed cash.

Mr. Amstutz said bid levels and cost determined over what period the department
would have the cows slaughtered or exported. ''Had we forced bids into
farther-out programs and forced acceptance of those, we'd have paid more,'' he
said. The department is also buying beef in the early period to offset the glut,
he said.

But Chuck Ball, a spokesman for the cattlemen's association, said the beef
cattle producers who sold animals in the last week lost about $25 million
because of price drops averaging $2 to $3 per 100 pounds.

''Unless the buyout is halted and precisely scheduled marketings are ordered,
losses will mount even higher in the coming weeks,'' the association said in a
statement.

Mr. Ball said the buyout ''has totally disrupted normal cattle marketing,''
adding ''It's just falling apart on us.''

The suit by the association seeks an immediate end to the marketing of dairy
cattle under the program and asks that the department be forced to withdraw its
regulations and rewrite them to lessen the impact on beef markets. The
cattlemen's group was joined in the suit by the Texas Cattle Feeders Association
and the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Looking after soils pays dividends

BYLINE: Shan Goodwin

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 398 words


VEGETABLE growers from across the Cudgen Plateau on the Far North Coast are
moving to align their region and industry with sustainable agriculture for
production benefits and, longer term, as a point of difference in the market
place.

Developing whole-of-farm, natural resource management plans, underpinned by
biological practices, is their latest initiative and funding has been secured
for training for a group of 15 vegetable growers and one herb farmer.

Driven by Tweed Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association and Tweed Shire
Council's Sustainable Agriculture Strategy, the course will be delivered by TAFE
NSW thanks to North Coast Local Lands Service and Tweed Shire Council's
Water-ways Program funding.

The producers represent more than 160 hectares of State agricultural land and
are also the "new generation" of the region's farmers with none aged above 40.

They will attend sessions run by soil health guru Gary Zimmer and Bob Shaffer, a
sustainable agricultural consultant from the United States who has worked
extensively with the US sweet potato industry.

Challenges for the Cudgen vegetable producers include soil loss and degradation
and crop losses from plant parasitic nematodes.

Conventional soil management practices and chemical-based controls are proving
costly and ineffective long-term methods of addressing those issues.

Tweed Shire Council's Sustainable Agriculture program leader Eli Szandala said
the training would help farmers resist nematodes, increase profits and sustain
soil health.

"Farmers will be trained in best practice soil and pest management and, by
identifying specific production issues and natural resource assets on their
land, will be able to tailor farm management plans to fit the unique situations
they each face," he said.

The project builds on the success of a number of recent natural resource
management initiatives in the region, including federally-funded projects to
increase carbon levels in agricultural soils and revegetation of waterways on
farming country.

According to Mr Szandala, farmers in the area shared a desire to use natural
processes in food production to keep farming enterprises viable while protecting
the area's natural resources.

Producers said farming in a sustainable "clean, green" way may also, down the
track, underpin a branding program that would set them apart in the marketplace
and allow them to target premiums.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                                 March 19, 2014

SECTION: CROPPING

LENGTH: 398  words


VEGETABLE growers from across the Cudgen Plateau on the Far North Coast are
moving to align their region and industry with sustainable agriculture for
production benefits and, longer term, as a point of difference in the market
place.

Developing whole-of-farm, natural resource management plans, underpinned by
biological practices, is their latest initiative and funding has been secured
for training for a group of 15 vegetable growers and one herb farmer.

Driven by Tweed Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association and Tweed Shire
Council's Sustainable Agriculture Strategy, the course will be delivered by TAFE
NSW thanks to North Coast Local Lands Service and Tweed Shire Council's
Water-ways Program funding.

The producers represent more than 160 hectares of State agricultural land and
are also the "new generation" of the region's farmers - with none aged above 40.

They will attend sessions run by soil health guru Gary Zimmer and Bob Shaffer, a
sustainable agricultural consultant from the United States who has worked
extensively with the US sweet potato industry.

Challenges for the Cudgen vegetable producers include soil loss and degradation
and crop losses from plant parasitic nematodes.

Conventional soil management practices and chemical-based controls are proving
costly and ineffective long-term methods of addressing those issues.

Tweed Shire Council's Sustainable Agriculture program leader Eli Szandala said
the training would help farmers resist nematodes, increase profits and sustain
soil health.

"Farmers will be trained in best practice soil and pest management and, by
identifying specific production issues and natural resource assets on their
land, will be able to tailor farm management plans to fit the unique situations
they each face," he said.

The project builds on the success of a number of recent natural resource
management initiatives in the region, including federally-funded projects to
increase carbon levels in agricultural soils and revegetation of waterways on
farming country.

According to Mr Szandala, farmers in the area shared a desire to use natural
processes in food production to keep farming enterprises viable while protecting
the area's natural resources.

Producers said farming in a sustainable "clean, green" way may also, down the
track, underpin a branding program that would set them apart in the marketplace
and allow them to target premiums.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             April 15, 2005, Friday

Apple war grows

BYLINE: MURDOCH Helen

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 8; FARMING; C

LENGTH: 277 words


Pipfruit growers are asking Agriculture Minister Jim Sutton to back their calls
to take Australia to the World Trade Organisation.

They are also demanding that New Zealand ban the importation of Australian fruit
and vegetables because of the risks from unwanted pests and insects found on
produce.

The calls were made at a recent meeting of Hawkes Bay growers and are backed by
Nelson growers and Pipfruit New Zealand.

PNZ chairman Ian Palmer, of Tasman, said Australia's 80-year ban on New Zealand
apples, because of the supposed risk of fire blight, equated to a non-tariff
trade ban.

In a similar case between the United States and Japan, the WTO ruled mature
apples did not carry any risk, which entitled the US to $ 143 million of
sanctions.

Growers expected the New Zealand Government to seek similar compensation, he
said.

Australia ignores the WTO case between the US and Japan because it suits it, he
said.

"If Australia does not take note of science they are flying in the face of free
trade."

The industry and the Government had spent many years trying to work through the
fireblight issue with Australia, but to no avail, he said.

Growers were becoming increasingly frustrated and angry with Australia's stance,
he said.

PNZ also supported the call to ban Australian fruit and vegetables because of
the risk of pests.

The Hawkes Bay meeting was told that since 2000, more than 4000 interceptions of
unwanted organisms had been made on Australian produce.

"The data is solid; there have been a high number of interceptions which are
putting New Zealand's multibillion-dollar horticultural industry at extreme
risk."

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand

                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 24, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Portrait of farming a surprising picture

BYLINE: Tracy Walmer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Quick, name the nation's top farm state. Did you guess Iowa? Texas? California?

Whether you're right depends largely on the kind of yardstick you use, according
to a new portrait of farming released Monday by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Though states like Texas, California and Iowa are predictably near the top in
some categories, there are some surprises. Farmland in Rhode Island, for
example, has the most value per acre.

''It's a bittersweet message,'' says Mike Annarummo, director of Rhode Island's
Department of Environmental Management. ''It's very encouraging that Rhode
Island has managed to be a very popular place to live, but for farmers it's a
very fragile existence.''

Other highlights:

- Texas has more farms and more farm acres than any other state. ''It signs the
paychecks of about one out of every five Texans,'' says Heather Ball, a state
economist.

- Iowa leads three categories, including direct government payments to farmers.

- Arizona, better known for its deserts and cacti, is actually an oasis for
cotton and a multitude of fruits and vegetables. It has the USA's biggest farms,
with an average of 4,444 acres.

''It's a surprise because people think of it as a desert. When I first moved to
Arizona 16 years ago friends and family kept sending me all these desert
survival tips from newspapers,'' laughs Roger Huber, assistant director for the
Cooperative Extension Service in Tucson.

The report comes amid congressional efforts to write the 1990 farm bill - a $
50-plus billion piece of legislation that will shape the fortunes of the
nation's 2 million farmers for the next five years.

TEXT OF GRAPHIC
How farms stack up
Leaders in farm and production:
Number of farms
(as of June 1, 1989)
Texas 186,000
Mo.    108,000
Iowa   105,000
Ky.     96,000
Tenn.   91,000

Average acreage
(as of June 1, 1989)
Ariz.  4,444
Wyo.   3,910
Nev.   3,560
N.M.   3,179

Mont.  2,453

Value of farms
(in billions as of Jan. 1)
Texas $ 66.9
Calif. $ 54.9
Ill.   $ 40.4
Iowa   $ 37.9
Neb.   $ 26.5

Net cash income
(in billions as of 1988)
Calif.  $ 6.5
Texas   $ 3.9
Iowa    $ 3.4
Fla.    $ 3.1
Minn.   $ 2.7

Livestock leaders
Cattle and calves    Texas      13.6 million
Hogs and pigs        Iowa       14.0 million
Broilers             Arkansas  920.0 million
Sheep and lambs      Texas       1.9 million

Source: Farmline, July 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  b/w, USA TODAY, Source: Farmline, July 1990 (Drawing, barn, graphs,
chart)

TYPE: Statesline

Accompanying story; Farmland values fluctuate

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.

                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                           February 14, 2006 Tuesday

NZ reliant on foreign trade, farmer tells Japan forum

BYLINE: HOLLAND Natasha

SECTION: FARMING; NATIONAL; Briefly; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 280 words


SOUTHLAND farmer Don Nicolson has returned from promoting New Zealand farming
and its rural sector to the Japanese.

Mr Nicolson, the Federated Farmers national vice-president, and president
Charlie Pedersen were invited to speak to the Japan Agricultural Exchange
Council last month.

Mr Nicolson told the council about his own farming operation in Southland and
highlighted New Zealand's economy was heavily dependent on overseas trade and
the importance of agriculture to the country's economy.

Back in Southland, Mr Nicolson said he found it odd that the Japanese bought in
stock food to feed animals that produced meat and milk from countries such as
Australia and the United States, when they could buy the same finished food
products on world open markets at a much lower price.

"Agriculture is not the significant provider to the national good as occurs in
New Zealand.

"Certain foods are very expensive compared to here.

Milk is over $NZ4 per litre ...

Japan is nowhere near self-sufficient in food and again I found it odd that they
may export some food products such as apples as high cost into, say China, at
the same time they have considerable tariff barriers to imports for the same
fruit," Mr Nicolson said.

The Japan Agricultural Exchange Council was established in 1988. It is
administered by Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Consular and Migration Policy
Division and the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Agricultural
Extension and Education Division. The council has 15 staff with offices in
Tokyo, Seattle and Bonn.

The council's objectives are to offer Japanese youth opportunities to cultivate
their international awareness within the agricultural arena.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved

                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            April 12, 2000 Wednesday

IFB urged to promote conservation ;
 Prairie Rivers wants farm group to do more

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 29

LENGTH: 597 words


The Prairie Rivers Network called on the Illinois Farm Bureau Tuesday to put the
profits from its affiliate companies into helping farmers become more
conservation-minded.

The pro-environment network, based in Champaign, wants the IFB to provide direct
financial assistance to farmers who are trying to make a transition to more
sustainable, conservation-friendly farming practices, and to turn over to the
government information about agriculture chemical sales from IFB-owned
companies.

Prairie Rivers asked that the chemical information be turned over to the
Illinois Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Geological Survey and the
Illinois State Water Survey so the agencies can better estimate the impact of
agriculture- generated pollution on the state's waterways.

"With 27 million acres dedicated to agriculture in Illinois, farmers are the
single most important natural resource managers in the state," said Rob Moore,
executive director of Prairie Rivers. "If Illinois Farm Bureau was a leader, it
would help farmers become more effective stewards of the resources they manage
and contribute to the search for solutions. But promoting stewardship of family
farms and promoting agribusiness are not always compatible goals."

Moore held a press conference Tuesday at the state Capitol to again accuse the
IFB of siding with corporate interests and ignoring the plight of the small
farmer.

"For years, the Illinois Farm Bureau has represented the interests of
agribusiness, not the Illinois farmer," Moore alleged. "To many, this is not
surprising, given the small percentage of Farm Bureau members that are farmers
and the vast financial stake the Illinois Farm Bureau holds in agribusiness."

Karen Hudson, president of Families Against Rural Messes, joined Moore in
calling for a "spring cleaning" of the Farm Bureau.

Another press conference participant, Keith Bolin, a Bureau County farmer and
member of the IFB, thinks the Farm Bureau should fight for more equitable
pricing of agricultural products through elimination of contract farming.

"Our salvation as farmers is getting a share of the dollar that's deserved us,"
said Bolin, who farms 460 acres and raises 3,000 head of hogs in a non-
confinement operation. "We know farming, and we're good at it, but we want to
survive. "

Bolin said those who contracted with large companies to market hogs in his area
received $30 a head more, but he doesn't like the idea of being part of a large
conglomerate.

Dennis Vercler, director of news and communication for IFB, said complaints
about the bureau are misdirected.

" People make Farm Bureau the issue," said Vercler, who also attended Tuesday's
press conference. "When agriculture is under stress, established agriculture
groups become the target, not just Farm Bureau, but checkoffs and other
traditional farm groups."

Vercler said the IFB doesn't have the funds for the conservation sharing Prairie
Rivers wants.

"We just don't have that kind of money," he said. "We have a small amount of
reserves, but we lobby Congress for cost-share money for conservation for
farmers. What you're talking about is millions and millions of dollars."

In addition, he said the IFB has a 10-page action plan concerning agriculture
concentration.

" I'm baffled with why these folks are criticizing Farm Bureau," Vercler said. "
It's one way that farmers can get some conditions changed. What they said has
been said before. They should spend the same amount of effort that they've put
into fighting Farm Bureau into finding solutions."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register

                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 7, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BEST BUYS;
SUGAR PRICES ARE EXPECTED TO RISE FURTHER

SECTION: Section C; Page 9, Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 674 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture estimates that sugar prices will
rise further this year. Recently the average price of a five-pound sack of
granulated sugar at the store dropped 10 cents to $3.08 - still 107 percent more
than last year at this time. Some experts believe that a decrease in consumption
is responsible for the small dip in price, plus the fact that on freezing winter
days soft drinks and ice cream do not have the allure they manifest at the
height of summer.

Sugar and drought were leading factors in the nearly 15 percent rise in grocery
bills last year. But there was some good news. During the two-week period of
Dec. 22-Jan. 2 the average cost of feeding a family of four in New York City
actually fell 37 cents to $101.37, according to the City of New York Department
of Consumer Affairs.

''This past month shoppers have had a breather from food price inflation,''
commented Commissioner Bruce C. Ratner. ''But even the usually conservative
Department of Agriculture is warning us that 1981 will be another year of
double-digit food price rises.''

Meanwhile, there are some bargain items to be found. Many store brands of frozen
orange juice are selling for 59 cents a 12-ounce can. Coffee is down to $1.99 a
pound in some supermarkets, and large eggs are 79 cents a dozen.

Last year drought caused higher meat prices because of increased feed grain
costs. Hot, dry weather also heavily damaged the nation's peanut crop and raw
peanut prices have more than doubled, with the result that peanut butter has
gone up too.

Recent cold weather has slowed down potato packing and brought about a slight
increase in price. Potato prices rose to an average of $1.20 for five pounds, 52
percent above year ago.

There are, however, some good buys in fruit and vegetables with the advent of
crops from California, Florida and Mexico. Broccoli is arriving in good supply
from California and Texas and going down in price. A sharp decline in the cost
of green peppers is expected as the Florida and Mexican harvest gets under way.

Citrus fruits are plentiful from Florida: juice oranges 10 for 89 cents, pink
and white grapefruits and tangerines 15 for 99 cents in some shops. California
small navel oranges are down to 10 for 89 cents. Red Delicious and McIntosh
apples from New York and Washington states are selling at 89 cents a three-pound
bag, French Granny Smiths at 49 cents a pound. Anjou pears are now two pounds
for 89 cents, bananas four pounds for $1.

Western cauliflower is 99 cents a head, and makes a satisfying winter vegetable.
Cabbage is in good supply from Florida and Texas at 25 cents a pound, with
prices declining.

The startling drop this week is in the price of cucumbers, newly arrived from
Mexico and the Bahamas selling at four for $1. For a salad, slice them very thin
and sprinkle them with Japanese vinegar and chopped dill, or bake them and coat
them with hollandaise, bechamel or Mornay sauce. The following recipe goes
particularly well with fish or chicken.

Cucumbers With Dill

4 cucumbers 2 tablespoons white vinegar 1/4 cup butter 4 tablespoons dill,
chopped Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper

1. Peel, seed and cut the cucumbers into 1/2-inch pieces. Soak in vinegar for 1
hour.  2.  Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees. Drain the cucumbers and pat dry with
paper towels.  3. Arrange cucumbers in a buttered ovenproof dish. Sprinkle with
pieces of butter, dill, salt and pepper.  4. Cover and bake for 30-45 minutes,
or until tender.  Yield: 4 servings.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           October 4, 2003, Saturday

BEEF EMBRYOS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 113 words


EXPORTS of British beef embryos to South Africa are to re-start after a
seven-year ban.

Based on the latest scientific evidence, an export certificate was issued this
month by the South African authorities following the ban which was triggered by
the BSE outbreak.

Meanwhile, lamb and mutton production in the United States dropped to a record
low in August, falling six per cent compared to 2002 levels to 7,080 tonnes.

The United States Department of Agriculture said that the three per cent rise in
average weights failed to offset the nine per cent decline in sheep slaughter.

There were 241,200 sheep slaughtered in August, averaging 129lb liveweight.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited

                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           October 4, 2003, Saturday

BEEF EMBRYOS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 113 words


EXPORTS of British beef embryos to South Africa are to re-start after a
seven-year ban.

Based on the latest scientific evidence, an export certificate was issued this
month by the South African authorities following the ban which was triggered by
the BSE outbreak.

Meanwhile, lamb and mutton production in the United States dropped to a record
low in August, falling six per cent compared to 2002 levels to 7,080 tonnes.

The United States Department of Agriculture said that the three per cent rise in
average weights failed to offset the nine per cent decline in sheep slaughter.

There were 241,200 sheep slaughtered in August, averaging 129lb liveweight.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited

                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      June 29, 1990, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Report will be bullish for Chicago soybean prices

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 18, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 283 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg,Man.


Traders at the Chicago Board of Trade and Winnipeg Commodity Exchange were
sidelined for the better part of yesterday awaiting the publication of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's planted acreage and grain stocks reports.

The report, made public after the close of trading, was termed bullish for CBOT
soybean prices today, and bearish for both corn and wheat prices.

The department estimated U.S. farmers seeded 58.045 million acres of land to
soybeans in 1990. This is at the low end of pre-report estimates and could
ultimately create a soybean shortage. Total U.S. soybean stocks as of June 1,
1990 were pegged at 595.91 million bushels.

Corn plantings were at the higher end of pre-report guesses while the corn
stocks forecast was within market expectations.

U.S. wheat stocks as of June 1 totaled 535 million bushels, well above the
highest guess of what the trade had anticipated.

CBOT corn prices closed US2 1/2 cents to US8 1/4 cents a bushel higher. The most
active contract, September, settled at US$2.89 1/4, up US4 3/4 cents.

Continued concerns about the impact of intense heat on the U.S. corn crop drove
futures higher.

Wheat prices at the CBOT ended US1 1/2 cents to US3 cents lower. September
closed at US$3.35 1/4 a bushel, down US2 1/4 cents.

Sluggish export demand and an active harvest pace pressured wheat futures.

Poor exporter demand as well as the lack of fresh buying incentives pushed
flaxseed prices at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange lower.

WCE flaxseed closed $2 to $10 a metric ton lower. The most active contract,
October, settled at $314.20, down $2. The most the flax contract can move in a
single day is $10.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.

                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   November 14, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

Smithfield Bids For Nation's Top Meat Producer

Kenneth Bredemeier , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 767 words


Smithfield Foods Inc., the nation's largest pork producer, yesterday bid $ 4.1
billion in stock and assumed debt to take over IBP Inc., the country's No. 1
beef processor, in a deal immediately questioned by the Agriculture Department
and two U.S. senators.

The Smithfield, Va.-based firm with 20 percent of the U.S. pork market said its
offer for IBP trumped last month's leveraged buyout proposed by IBP managers by
$ 290 million. Smithfield said the deal would be good for shareholders by
increasing stock value and for food retailers and consumers by providing a wider
variety of meat products.

But IBP had no immediate reaction to the offer, saying only that it would
examine the proposed deal "with the help of outside counsel and its financial
adviser."

IBP, already the largest meat producer in the United States, with 30 percent of
the beef market and 18 percent of pork production, is based in Dakota Dunes,
S.D., but it has operations in China, Ireland and Russia and more than 60
production sites in North America.

As a result, the merger would create an even bigger meat-producing giant at the
top of the U.S. food chain. The proposed deal immediately drew the attention of
the Agriculture and Justice departments, which have reviewed other Smithfield
acquisitions over the past decade for antitrust considerations. Smithfield
notified Justice of its offer and said it might have to sell off a couple of its
pork-processing plants for the deal to be approved.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said the proposal "highlights the continuing
troublesome trend of consolidation in American agriculture." Glickman said that
while he does not want to "prejudge the outcome," he will "work closely" with
the Justice Department "to ensure a close and serious review" of the deal.

Meanwhile, two Democratic senators from the Midwest, Paul D. Wellstone of
Minnesota and Tom Harkin of Iowa, voiced concern over the prospect of yet
another merger in the consolidating ranks of agribusiness.

"Wall Street may be cheering today," Wellstone said, "but hard-pressed family
farmers and ranchers are not cheering one bit. How much more concentrated do
these agriculture markets have to become before we demand strong antitrust
action? A Smithfield-IBP merger would represent an unprecedented case of
horizontal concentration, and I will continue to push federal antitrust
officials to scrutinize mergers involving IBP."

Harkin, in letters to Attorney General Janet Reno and Glickman, wrote: "In a
time of rapid consolidation and concentration in agriculture, any proposed
consolidation should raise the specter of concern. But when the largest pork
processor wants to acquire the largest beef processor and the second largest
pork processor, sirens should be sounding."

Joseph W. Luter III, Smithfield's chairman and chief executive, said in a letter
to IBP that "we view a combination with IBP as an opportunity to create
significant value for both of our stockholder bases by continuing to expand the
movement into [grocery store] case-ready products, by creating a national brand
and by building a strong stable of value-added meat products."

The Smithfield offer includes $ 2.7 billion in Smithfield stock ($ 25 a share)
and assumption of $ 1.4 billion in IBP debt. The Virginia firm said its
per-share price represents a 19.8 percent premium over IBP's closing price
Friday, a 36.5 percent premium over IBP's closing price on Sept. 29 (the day
before the managers' buyout proposal was announced) and a 12.4 percent premium
over the $ 3.8 billion offer ($ 22.25 a share) from the managers.

IBP's stock closed up 6.6 percent yesterday, increasing $ 1.38, to $ 22.25,
while Smithfield's fell 11.5 percent, dropping $ 3.63, to $ 28.

Christine L. McCracken, an analyst with Midwest Research in Cleveland, and Jaine
Mehring, an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney, both said that Smithfield could
pay as much as $ 30 a share to buy IBP and not hurt its earnings. "It's a great
deal from a marketplace and shareholder standpoint," McCracken said, because it
is tax-free for shareholders, whereas the management buyout offer is not. The
merger will create "a much more solid company," she added. "So I think the only
obstacle will be the sale of these [Smithfield] assets and how long that might
take. I would expect things to go forward."

But Mehring cautioned that it is "very unresolved" whether agribusiness mergers
"harm the farmer or consumer."

"What's good for the shareholder might be different from what's good for the
farmer or consumer," Mehring said.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post

                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 13, 2010 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Crops may help farmers rebound;
With strong production expected, farm incomes should recover after a big drop
last year.

BYLINE: MIKE HUGHLETT; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 525 words


From corn to soybeans to sugar beets, Minnesota farmers are looking at bumper
crops this year.

They've benefited from good weather and a particularly mild spring that allowed
for early planting. And wheat growers are particularly in the green, as prices
for that grain have rocketed over the past several weeks.

Meanwhile, livestock and dairy farmers -- who mostly lost money last year -- are
back in the black in 2010.

The upshot: "Farm income trends should be very good this year," said Michael
Swanson, an agricultural economist at Wells Fargo in Minneapolis. "It's a very
positive outlook right now."

U.S. corn production is forecast to hit record highs this year, including in
Minnesota. The state's corn crop is expected to be 1.25 billion bushels, up
slightly over last year, with a yield of 178 bushels per acre, an increase of
four bushels over 2009, according to data released Thursday by the United States
Department of Agriculture's Minnesota field office.

The state's soybean production is forecast at a record 326 million bushels, up
14 percent from last year. Soybean yields are expected to be 44 bushels per
acre, up four bushels from last year, according to the USDA.

"Minnesota's corn and soybean crops look really good," said Dale Durchholz,
senior market analyst at AgriVisor LLC in Bloomington, Ill. Minnesota is the
nation's fourth-largest corn grower and third-biggest soybean producer.

The state is also the nation's second-largest producer of spring wheat, and
while that crop isn't forecast to break records, it's quite healthy. Spring
wheat production is expected to be up 10 percent from last year, with a yield
estimated at 55 bushels per acre, up two bushels from 2009, according to the
USDA.

Wheat prices have jumped about 70 percent this summer, as about one-third of
Russia's wheat crop shriveled during the hottest summer there in about 130
years. Bad weather in Ukraine and Kazakhstan -- both big wheat producers -- has
also put upward pressure on prices. Russia is the world's third-largest wheat
exporter after the United States and Canada.

Wheat prices particularly shot up in late July and early August, so farmers who
earlier this year sold their crops forward through futures contracts -- a common
practice -- missed out on some of the windfall.

Still, the majority of Minnesota growers are going to benefit from these high
prices, said Dave Torgerson, executive director of the Minnesota Association of
Wheat Growers.

Hog and cattle prices have also been on the upswing this year, as have dairy
prices -- welcome news after a miserable 2009.

A grim year in livestock and dairy farming, coupled with a decline in crop
farmers' earnings, led to a 63 percent drop in median net farm income in 2009 to
$33,417, the lowest mark since 2001, according to an annual study by the
Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system and University of Minnesota
Extension.

But in 2010, with big crops and decent grain prices coupled with "reasonable
profits" in the livestock and dairy sectors, Minnesota farm income could set
records, said Wells Fargo's Swanson.

The Associated Press contributed to this report. Mike Hughlett - 612-673-7003

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             June 7, 2003, Saturday

DELAY IN EXPORTS

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 112 words


IN spite of the soyabean harvest being well under way in South America,
logistical problems in Brazil are causing some export issues.

Meanwhile, in the US, the first United States Department of Agriculture planting
estimate for 2003 is above many trade estimates.

l FRENCH research has confirmed a link between somatic cell count (SCC) levels
recorded within six weeks of heifers calving down and animals future
predisposition to clinical mastitis problems.

The work was undertaken by staff at the Institute National de la Recherce
Agronomique (INRA)and involved the close scrutiny of the milk quality data
produced by over 20,000 Holstein heifers.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited

                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  November 12, 1986, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Ottawa eying ways to dispense aid to farmers

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - A formula is being drawn up by federal officials to determine
individual farmer shares of the $1 billion farm assistance program, Agriculture
Minister John Wise says.

The key ingredients to be included in the formula were worked out in meetings
with farm leaders and should ensure equal treatment for farmers across the
country, Wise said in an interview.

But the minister still doesn't know when federal cheques will be mailed, or
whether provincial governments will match or make supplementary payments based
on its formula.

Wise will meet provincial agriculture ministers Nov. 17 to put the final touches
to a national agriculture development strategy for presentation at the first
minister's meetings the week after.

Spokesman Lisa Hardey said there could be discussion at next week's meeting
about the formula and possible provincial payments.

The payment is supposed to help grain, oilseed and corn growers cope with the
lower prices for their crops caused by the agriculture subsidies battle between
the United States and the European Community and the large world grain surplus
caused by those subsidies.

Canada exports about three-quarters of its crop. The drop in grain and other
prices has hit Canadian farmers hard. Farm incomes have fallen in the past few
years to where they were in the early 1970s. In terms of purchasing power, some
economists say farm income has been reduced to the same level as during the
Depression.

Some farm organizations have argued that $3 billion to $4 billion is needed to
counter the impact of lower prices.

Jack Penner, president of Manitoba's Keystone Agricultural Producers, said the
formula is an "equitable and fair way to use as a distribution system and I
think we'll find that most people and most regions will be very equitably
treated under that system."

He said it was too early to tell how much of the payout will go to western
farmers. Last month Penner was urging Prairie farm organizations to lobby hard
for up to $900 million.

Bill Hamilton, executive-secretary of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture,
said the shape of the formula is still very vague.

He said it will take into account the financial burden on farmers, the amount of
land they seeded and the general productivity of their farms.

Less certain is the time period that will be looked at and whether there will be
a cap on the amount an individual farmer can collect, Hamilton said.

Wise said there appears to be general support to paying farmers who grow grain
to feed their own livestock.

Future payments

Wise said the formula will be shown to farm leaders to make sure it has their
support, but he has no plans to hold more meetings with them until January or
February, when he will discuss the agriculture development strategy and how to
make future payments to farmers.

It is expected to be at least several years before financial health is restored
to the agriculture industry. Wise wants federal assistance to help farmers
without encouraging them to expand production.

The payment formula now being developed probably won't be used again because
Ottawa will want different factors included when farmers know ahead of time they
will be getting federal money, Hamilton said.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo John Wise

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

USAID launches biofortified maize hybrid seed

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 49

LENGTH: 441  words


United States is committed to working with Pakistan to increase productivity and
income in the agriculture sector in order to improve the livelihood of the
farmers. John Groarke, Mission Director United States Agency for International
Development (USAID), said this while speaking at launching ceremony of
Biofortified Maize hybrid seed in Pakistan and handover of Maize parental seed
at National Agricultural Research Center (NARC) on Wednesday.

Groarke said that for the last 50 years, US and Pakistan have been working
together to strengthen Pakistan's agriculture and improve the productivity of
crops including wheat, rice and maize. "Due to joint efforts of US and Pakistan,
the production of wheat crop has increased by 25 percent during last few years,"
he added.

He handed over new varieties of maize seed to Pakistani research organisations
and private sector seed companies. The new varieties of maize were identified
and provided by USAID agriculture innovation program in co-ordination with the
NARC, in an effort to improve the production of quality hybrid maize seed in
Pakistan. The USAID Mission Director said that maize seeds will benefit farmers
and increase access to nutritious food to million of Pakistanis.

In addition to partnering together in the field, he said, "we are also
collaborating in the classroom, so the next generation of scientists can find
new ways to improve the lives of Pakistani farmers." Through the Agricultural
Innovation Program, USAID is providing graduate school fellowships to Pakistani
scientists and researchers at leading US agricultural universities, he said.

Dr Muhammad Hashim Popalzai, Additional Secretary, Ministry of National Food
Security and Research said that the new varieties seed would play pivotal role
in increasing productivity of maize, wheat and rice as quality seed is one of
the major challenge for Pakistan's agriculture.

He said that the government is committed to strengthening agriculture sector in
order to improve livelihood of farmers. Muhammad Sadiq Tahir, a farmer from
Rawalakot, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, speaking on the occasion said that seeds will
improve the quality of his harvest for years to come. USAID Agricultural
Innovation Program is a four-year $30 million initiative designed to increase
productivity and incomes in the agriculture sector through the promotion and
dissemination of modern production practices for wheat maize, rice, livestock ,
fruit and vegetable. The varieties of maize distributed are bred to resist
drought and heat stress and have enhanced nutritional quality. They also have
increased tolerance to insect attack and low soil nitrogen.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved

                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 27, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Planting Report Lifts Grains and Soybeans



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 22, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 376 words


Grain and soybean futures prices generally rose yesterday on the Chicago Board
of Trade. Prices advanced early in the session, then traded in a narrow range.

Prices were supported by an Agriculture Department report on Friday that
indicated that the enrollment in wheat and corn acreage-reduction programs was
greater than the market had expected, according to Bob Lekberg, a grain analyst
in Chicago with Shearson/American Express.

In addition, a Brazilian agency lowered its estimate for this year's soybean
crop in Brazil to 15.2 million metric tons, from 15.9 million, Mr. Lekberg said.

Commercial concerns have been taking delivery of large amounts of wheat,
possibly for export, sources said, and that has helped support soybean prices.

Live hogs and frozen pork bellies were mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
A report on cattle inventories released by the Agriculture Department last
Tuesday continued to affect the price of pork bellies and hogs. Contracts for
delivery in the fall and in 1985 continued to advance. Pork bellies for delivery
next February posted their fourth consecutive 2-cent advance and reached a
life-of- contract high.

John Ginzel, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.,
said the report indicated that breeding herds of hogs on farms in the major
pork-producing states were 10 percent below a year ago, a development that will
lead to reduced supplies in the fall and later.

Hogs and pork bellies for delivery in the next few months were weaker, under
pressure from wholesale markets and technical factors.



Cattle Supplies Tight

Cattle prices also rose to life-of-contract highs early in the session and then
declined. Mr. Ginzel said a tug- of-war appeared to be developing in the cattle
market. Supplies appear tight, he said, as a major storm was moving into the
high plains and southern Corn Belt states, but demand for red meats typically
declines during Lent.

Orange juice and coffee prices also advanced to life-of-contract highs. Orange
juice was supported by concern about supplies, which has brought the price to
its highest level in seven years. Coffee was supported by the International
Coffee Organization's success in controlling supplies, analysts said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

FARM industry groups worried by a growing lack of c

BYLINE: ANDREW MARSHALL

SECTION: EGN; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 537 words


FARM industry groups worried by a growing lack of consumer empathy with food
production and modern agriculture may adopt a United States' initiative to help
build public trust in farming. The work of the non-profit Centre for Food
Integrity in Missouri has attracted increasing attention in Australia because of
its success in building consumer understanding of farmers while also
highlighting environmental, productivity and food safety gains achieved by
today's farm enterprises. CFI chief executive officer Charlie Arnot is due back
in Australia in February to talk to dairyfarmers after two tours in 2011. His
message that farmers and food companies have to put more strategic effort into
promoting public trust and establishing their own strict self-regulated
standards has been keenly absorbed by industry leaders and farmer groups.

"The CFI model has certainly had a lot of success. It's now a case of trying to
determine if and how it might work in Australia," said New South Wales
Department of Primary Industries livestock officer at Moree Greg Mills, one of
the hosts of Mr Arnot's earlier visit. The CFI, established by US soybean
producers in 2007, is funded by farmers, farm and food organisations and private
companies. It researches food issues and develops messages that build consumer
trust in the food system. The centre has a big social media presence and helps
train qualified people to deliver positive and accurate information in public
forums and the media. National Farmers Federation chief executive officer Matt
Linegar said there was no doubt "agriculture's social licences to operate" were
under increasing pressure as the urban-rural divide widened and consumers had
less exposure to agriculture. "We're examining the CFI's activities as part of
our greater aim of keeping agriculture's true value recognised by governments
and the public," he said. "I'm sure the issue of building consumer trust will
emerge as an important theme in the NFF's blueprint for agriculture in the
coming year." While visiting Australia in November, organisations as diverse as
Horticulture Australia Limited, the Australian Rural Leadership Foundation,
Animal Welfare Science Centre and the Australian Egg Corporation discussed the
CFI's activities and sought Mr Arnot's views on consumer attitudes. Consumer
reaction to the northern Australian beef industry's perceived abdication of its
"social licence" in the Indonesian live cattle trade and the Federal
Government's snap decision to ban exports last year were topical discussion
themes. "Farmers often feel like the victims which they may or may not be but
the fact is consumers aren't willing to put your farm's profit concerns ahead of
their current principles," Mr Arnot said in Sydney. "We have to help consumers
understand their principles are actually the same as today's farmers. "Animal
welfare, environmental stewardship, food safety and a passion for doing the food
production job well are all basic principals of farming." He said if farmers
stayed quiet and shied from talking about their farms and farming activities,
they would never redefine the way urbanised consumers understood agriculture,
nor build public trust in what happens on the farm.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Abbotsford Times (British Columbia)

                            December 31, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Young cattle allowed back

BYLINE: Christina Toth, The Times

SECTION: UPFRONT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 139  words


Canadian cattle ranchers got a late Christmas gift Dec. 29, when the United
States Department of Agriculture said it will allow live cattle under 30 months
old across the border. The cattle must be slaughtered before 30 months and can't
be moved between feed lots, said the USDA release.

John van Dongen, Minister of Agriculture, Food and Fisheries, said the
announcement was good news for everyone in the cattle sector, but the border
remains closed to breeding stock and cull cattle, significant issues for Fraser
Valley dairy farmers who historically sold breeding animals to U.S. farms. U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said after conducting an extensive review,
Canada is recognized as a minimal-risk region. Cattle must include permanent
marking of the animals as to their origin, and be moved in sealed containers to
feedlots.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Abbotsford Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Washington: NCGA Promotes Importance of Modern Farming to International Visitors

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Corn Grower Association has issued the following Nomination:

This week, the National Corn Growers Association brought the corn farmers
perspective on American agriculture to an international group of an agronomists
and soil scientists hosted by the International Fertilizer Development Center in
St. Louis. Addressing participants from 10 nations, NCGA Vice President of
Production and Utilization Paul Bertels and Director of Biotechnology and
Economic Analysis Nathan Fields shared an overview of American agriculture
focusing on production techniques, crop conditions and biotechnology as part of
an effort to help participants find farming advances which might be useful in
their home countries.

"NCGA helps not only farmers abroad but also those here in the United States by
engaging in dialogues such as this," said Bertels. "As international
agricultural leaders come to understand how modern techniques and technologies
benefit our country and see the broad public acceptance of them, we foster
greater acceptance internationally. These visitors come away with a clearer
picture of U.S. farming that has a ripple effect, opening markets and dispelling
misperceptions across the globe."

The participants included thought leaders from Angola, Bangladesh, Brazil,
China, Croatia, Ethiopia, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Zambia. Given the
magnitude of confusion surrounding biotechnology abroad, the discussion provided
an important opportunity to spread accurate, science-based information on this
subject to an audience with broad influence.

"The story of biotechnology is truly amazing, and it is one that must be told if
we are to meet the challenges a growing global population places upon farmers,"
Fields said. "When scientist such as these have an opportunity to see how
biotechnology works in America, providing a valuable tool that produces a safe,
abundant crop, they can act as advocates that help shape policies and
perceptions. Together, we can all ensure farmers have access to the tools they
need."

For more information please visit: http://www.ncga.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: NCGA Promotes Importance of Modern Farming to International Visitors

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Corn Grower Association has issued the following Nomination:

This week, the National Corn Growers Association brought the corn farmers
perspective on American agriculture to an international group of an agronomists
and soil scientists hosted by the International Fertilizer Development Center in
St. Louis. Addressing participants from 10 nations, NCGA Vice President of
Production and Utilization Paul Bertels and Director of Biotechnology and
Economic Analysis Nathan Fields shared an overview of American agriculture
focusing on production techniques, crop conditions and biotechnology as part of
an effort to help participants find farming advances which might be useful in
their home countries.

"NCGA helps not only farmers abroad but also those here in the United States by
engaging in dialogues such as this," said Bertels. "As international
agricultural leaders come to understand how modern techniques and technologies
benefit our country and see the broad public acceptance of them, we foster
greater acceptance internationally. These visitors come away with a clearer
picture of U.S. farming that has a ripple effect, opening markets and dispelling
misperceptions across the globe."

The participants included thought leaders from Angola, Bangladesh, Brazil,
China, Croatia, Ethiopia, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Zambia. Given the
magnitude of confusion surrounding biotechnology abroad, the discussion provided
an important opportunity to spread accurate, science-based information on this
subject to an audience with broad influence.

"The story of biotechnology is truly amazing, and it is one that must be told if
we are to meet the challenges a growing global population places upon farmers,"
Fields said. "When scientist such as these have an opportunity to see how
biotechnology works in America, providing a valuable tool that produces a safe,
abundant crop, they can act as advocates that help shape policies and
perceptions. Together, we can all ensure farmers have access to the tools they
need."

For more information please visit: http://www.ncga.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 28, 2006 Friday
                                  City Edition

Organic farming a good step

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 594 words


Regarding "Local farmers provide quality produce" (feature, July 19): It's great
to see that organic farming is becoming so popular in Oklahoma. As Americans
become aware of the animal welfare and environmental problems associated with
factory farming, concern about the way our food is produced increases. Factory
farming has become big business in this country -- the majority of all the eggs,
meat and dairy Americans consume comes from sprawling industrial sites that
reduce animals to units of production in order to drive up profits.

Inside vast sunless sheds, tens of thousands of egg-laying hens are routinely
confined to cages so small they can't spread their wings. Veal calves are
tethered by their necks to barren crates so small they can't turn around. And
for nearly their entire lives, mother pigs are confined in metal cages barely
larger than their own bodies. For too long, factory farming has been responsible
for an untold amount of animal suffering. Moving toward organic farming is a
step in the right direction. Katie Carrus Washington, D.C. Carrus is coordinator
of the Factory Farming Campaign for The Humane Society of the United States.

Laughable argument

I was appalled at the inaccuracy of Dan Thomasson's column Tuesday on subsidies
received by farmers. His description of an Oklahoma relative who was "paid" not
to produce while amassing a fortune is so far off base it's laughable. I'm
involved in financing production agriculture and know firsthand the cash flow of
Oklahoma producers. Producers are paid for various commodity programs, but being
paid not to produce isn't one of them. This theory is ancient and a holdover
from many years ago.

Today's producers are fighting financially for their farms and their livelihood.
The policies aimed at production agriculture would take a library to explain,
but the only thing Oklahomans need to know is that our producers are the best,
the food is the cheapest and, I hope, we'll never have to stand in line for
food. Doug Tippens Yukon Tippens is president and CEO of Canadian State Bank.

No justification

As a lifelong atheist, I do not lie and pronounce "under God" when reciting the
Pledge of Allegiance. I object to the government not stating "in God some of us
trust" on my currency. I refuse to swear to "God" in courts of law. I and
millions of other atheists have the courage to admit the obvious: There is no
"God" and no conceivable test to prove us wrong. There is no justification for
the majority to impose their beliefs on the minority. Bert Rackett Oklahoma City

Their own fault

Tim O'Connor (Your Views, July 21) is wrong when he blames the government for
Dayton Tire's closing. He needs to look at the union he's in charge of. The
members have priced themselves out of work. They've pushed these companies into
closing. Unions have used their power to negotiate contracts that these
companies can't afford. General Motors has a responsibility to its shareholders
also.

Nowadays no one is satisfied with a good-paying job. They want more and more.
Unions have the ability to extort money by the threat of striking. The leaders
of these unions are fat cats. O'Connor will go on enjoying his union perks, but
the employees will suffer. The unions don't give in to the demand of GM or
Dayton until they find out they will close. Only then they are willing to take
less money and offer to help pay for their health care. K.S. Jones Midwest City


LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 21, 2014 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Agricultural Output Climbed in 2013, Recovering From Drought

BYLINE: By FLOYD NORRIS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; OFF THE CHARTS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 492 words


AGRICULTURE is a small part of the United States economy, but last year it was
the best part.

The output of the agriculture sector grew 16.4 percent after inflation last
year, the fastest rise for the sector since at least 1998 and far faster than
any other part of the economy. The nation's gross domestic product grew just 1.8
percent, while the second-fastest growing sector, the information industry, rose
3.2 percent.

Last week, the government released its estimates of state economic growth in
2013. North Dakota led the pack with a growth rate of 9.7 percent. Alaska was
the only state whose economy declined, shrinking by 2.1 percent, largely because
of declining oil production.

The economy of the District of Columbia also declined, but that was because of
cuts in government spending.

North Dakota benefited from its rising production of shale oil, but it was also
helped by the fact that its agriculture sector amounts to 12.9 percent of the
state's economy, more than that of any other state except South Dakota.

By contrast, agriculture accounted for just 1.6 percent of the country's overall
output in 2013. But that was the largest share in recent years, up from a recent
low of 0.9 percent in 2006. The agriculture sector includes forestry, fishing
and hunting as well as farming, but farming is much larger than the other
categories.

Last year, the government changed the way it calculated G.D.P. figures,
including counting research and development spending as investments rather than
as consumption. It revised historical figures only back to 1997, so earlier
years' output and growth figures for agriculture are not comparable.

Mitch Morehart, an economist with the Agriculture Department, said the strong
growth in agriculture reflected a recovery in production for some crops after a
drought in 2012, as well as strong production and rising prices for livestock.
This year, he said, it appears that agriculture is not doing nearly as well.

Over all, the economies of the 10 states that are most dependent on agriculture
grew at an average annual rate of 3.4 percent in 2013, while the 10 states that
are least dependent on the farm economy grew at an average rate of 1.3 percent.

California is by far the largest agricultural producer, accounting for $46.7
billion, or 17 percent, of the total national agricultural output of $269.1
billion. But the state is so large that agriculture makes up only 2.1 percent of
its output, less than 16 other states. Iowa, which ranks second in dollar value
at $16.1 billion, depends on agriculture for almost 10 percent of its total
economic output.

The 2013 surge in agriculture ended a string of three years in which that sector
did not do as well as the overall United States economy. But since 1998,
agriculture outperformed the rest of the economy in nine of the 15 years. During
that stretch, agriculture grew at an annual rate of 4 percent, double the 2
percent average for the national economy.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/21/business/economy/after-a-drought-
agriculture-climbs.html

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHARTS: Booming Agriculture: The agriculture sector of the United
States economy grew far more rapidly than any other sector in 2013, and
outperformed all but one sector over  the last 15 years. It remains a small part
of the overall economy, but its share is the largest it has been in at least the
last 16 years. States most  dependent on agriculture generally grew more rapidly
in 2013 than did states with smaller agricultural sectors. (Source: Bureau of
Economic Analysis)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company

                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US supports Pakistan's small farmers: Olsen

SECTION: Vol. III No. 310

LENGTH: 550  words


US Ambassador Richard Olson on Wednesday reaffirmed the United States (US)
government's long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the US has been working to support agriculture in Pakistan,
introducing the Kinnu and helping to double Pakistan's wheat production. Today,
we continue our support because improving crop yields, protecting food sources
from disease, and boosting milk production will increase the farmers' incomes,
improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity," he said.

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC), Olson said, "The
US is committed to helping Pakistan's small farmers through projects that
enhance agricultural productivity."

The Ambassador lauded the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project (WPEP)'s
progress, a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed in
collaboration with national and provincial research partners which has
successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat variety.

This wheat variety helps protect against UG 99, a virulent wheat disease in the
region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming community.

"Wheat constitutes approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric intake of the
average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are critical,"
the ambassador said. "The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project team and
Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have made
great progress in the fight against wheat rust, and I encourage them to continue
our work together."

Apart from the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project, the US has also provided
new harvesting machines and funded improvements to research stations across
Pakistan to develop more disease-resistant wheat varieties. The country also
provides specialized training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists.

International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center Country Liaison Officer Dr.
Muhammad Imtiaz noted that without disease-resistant varieties of wheat, like
the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimate that Pakistan's annual wheat
harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99 arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the Pakistan's GDP and employs 45 percent
of the labor force, making it among the most significant economic engines of
Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said. "Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million tons of
wheat on eight million hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4 percent of
the GDP," he added.

"The US and Pakistan have similar agricultural systems, and sowe have been
effective agricultural partners for more than 50 years, working together to
improve agricultural yields and to combat disease," said Ambassador Olson.

"Since the 1950s, American and Pakistani scientists have collaborated to
increase wheat production. At that time, Dr. Manzoor Bajwa and Dr. Norman
Borlaug collaborated to develop 'Mexi-Pak,' the wheat variety behind the Green
Revolution in Pakistan and helped to double Pakistan's wheat production between
1965 and 1970."

Ministry of National Food Security and Research Secretary Mr. Taimur Azmat Osman
and Pakistan Agriculture Research Centre (PARC) Chairman Dr. Iftikar Ahmed were
also present.s

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 21, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Rallying Round the China Bill, Hungrily: Agriculture;
Poised to Become A Big Winner

BYLINE: By DAVID BARBOZA

SECTION: Section 3; Page 19; Column 4; Money and Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 384 words


American agriculture could be one of the biggest beneficiaries of the trade
bill.

After suffering through nearly three years of depressed commodity prices,
American farmers hope that improved trade relations will let them sell millions
of bushels of surplus corn, soybeans and other crops to China over the next few
years.

Last year, the United States had more than $50 billion in agricultural exports;
only about $1 billion of that went to China. Agriculture officials say that if
relations are normalized, exports could double in five years.

Farm equipment makers like Caterpillar, Deere and CNH project strong exports of
farm tractors and combines. Cargill and Archer Daniels Midland expect to sell
more processed goods, like soybean meal and vegetable oil. And the prices that
farmers get for beef, poultry and pork could also get a lift.

Nearly all agriculture officials see a win-win situation that could only
increase exports and raise commodity prices. "Everybody except for a few
splinter groups wants this to happen," said Bob Callanan, a spokesman at the
American Soybean Association. "China needs so much. Their people want to eat
better."

Soybeans are the leading American farm export to China. Although little corn
reaches the country, China has already made concessions that would include
importing 4.5 million metric tons of corn.

"It's not going to be easy to get China to implement this agreement," said Susan
Keith, an official at the National Corn Growers Association in St. Louis. "But
if they're denied access, they will do nothing to accommodate the U.S."

China has already said that if it receives trading privileges, it would lower
its tariffs on most American agricultural goods. Most everything from apples to
wine would have a better chance of getting in. Tariffs could fall from 31
percent today, on average, to 14 percent in 2004.

If China, as promised, also cuts subsidies to its own farmers, American corn
growers could have a better chance of selling their crops.

"China is the largest consumer market in the world," said Tamara White, director
of commodities at the Illinois Farm Bureau. "To get in on the ground level would
be great. You want American beef and American corn there, so you can get your
flavor on their taste buds."   DAVID BARBOZA


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company
