
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 6, 2017

                  China Huishan Dairy Holdings Company Limited

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * HIERARCHY * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
(LEVEL) COMPANY

     (P)  China Huishan Dairy Holdings Company Limited(Parent), Shenyang, China
          (1)  China Huishan Dairy Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  China Huishan Dairy Holdings International Limited (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  China Huishan Dairy Investments (Hong Kong) Limited (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  China Huishan Dairy Investments International Limited (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Fushun Jinqiu Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Heishan Jinrun Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Huishan Dairy (Jinzhou) Sales Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Huishan Dairy (Shenyang) Sales Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Huishan Investment Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Huishan Investment (Shenyang) Dairy Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Jinzhou Guhai Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Jinzhou Youpin Agriculture Feedstock Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Kangping Youpin Agriculture Feedstock Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Dairy Group Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Dairy Group (Fuxin) Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Baihua Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Dasan Farming Co., Ltd (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Fengyuan Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group (Fushun) Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Fuxing Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Jinqiu Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Jinxing Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group (Jinzhou) Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Jiubing Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Lvyuan Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Pengjia Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Shuangtaiz Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Sihecheng Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Sunjia Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Taiping Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Wangsheng Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Woniushi Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Xiahe Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Xinqiu Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Xinzhuang Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group (Xiushui) Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Xiushui Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Xixia Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Yemaotai Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Yongchun Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Yushu Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Zhonghui Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Group Zhoujia Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Huishan Life Technology Research Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Liaoning Shiling Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Shenyang Dacang Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Shenyang Fengle Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Shenyang Guanlin Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Shenyang Hongda Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Shenyang Jinsui Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Shenyang Maoyuan Grass Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Tieling Shenghui Life Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  Yixian Aohua Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Yixian Guanghua Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Yixian Heguang Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Yixian Longbang Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Yixian Shengdao Farming Co., Ltd (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Yixian Zhongao Farming Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Zhangwu Youpin Agriculture Feedstock Co., Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States




LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      May 13, 1991, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

Wheat output to fall

BYLINE: United Press International

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 163 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


  Farmers around the world, in a reaction to the global grain glut, will cut
wheat production by 6% this year, grow more feed grains and oilseeds, and trim
rice output, the Agriculture Department said Friday.

Overall, grain and oilseed production was forecast to drop 1.8% to 1.95 billion
metric tons. Oilseeds are crops such as soybeans and peanuts, that produce
vegetable oil.

Huge wheat reductions were forecast in the Soviet Union, which harvested a
near-record crop of 235 million tons last year. Soviet wheat production was
expected to drop 15% while feed grain production dropped 8%. Lower yields were
expected.

The U.S., Canada and Australia also were projected to make large reductions in
wheat production. Brazil was the only major farm country forecast to increase
production - up 53% to 1.7 million tons following freeze damage to the old crop.

Canadian output was projected to drop 18% from last year's record to 26.1
million tons.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 13, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Analysts See Price Drop As Crop Estimates Rise

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 423 words


An Agriculture Department report showing increased United States crop production
indicated price declines are on the way, analysts said yesterday. Meanwhile,
grain and soybean futures turned in a mixed performance on the Chicago Board of
Trade.

The report, released after the close of trading, projected the nation's corn
crop at 7.73 billion bushels, up 16 percent from the 6.65 billion bushels
harvested in 1980, when the crop was hurt by drought.

In its first estimate of soybean production, the Agriculture Department
projected a crop of 2.02 billion bushels, up 11 percent from a year ago.

''It's a negative report, even though it's coming into a market that's down
already,'' said Bob Lekberg, senior grain analyst with Shearson Loeb Rhoades
Inc. in Chicago.

Estimates Higher Than Expected

Mr. Lekberg said the corn and soybean crop estimates were higher than had been
expected, and suggested the nation's grain stocks would increase, putting
downward pressure on prices, unless the crop is hurt by poor weather.

Wheat production was estimated at 2.75 billion bushels, a 2 percent decrease
from the July estimate, but Mr. Lekberg said the Government's projection ''still
shows an adequate wheat crop.''

Wheat futures gained as much as 3 3/4 cents, with the September contract closing
at $4.02 3/4 a bushel; corn was 1 cent lower to 1 cent higher, with September at
$3.20 1/4 a bushel; oats were 1 cent to 3 cents higher, with September at $1.93
1/2 a bushel; and soybeans were 1/2 cent lower to 3 1/2 cents with September at
$7.10 a bushel.

On the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange, cocoa futures prices fell by as much as
$83 a ton under the influence of heavy commission house selling, according to
Mark Mueller, an analyst with Bache Halsey Stuart Shields in New York.

Coffee Futures Prices Soar

Reports of heavy damage to the coffee crop in the Brazilian state of Parana
increased coffee futures prices 1.30 cents to the 4-cent daily limit set by the
exchange, Mr. Mueller said. The September cocoa contract closed at $1,990 a ton.
September coffee closed at 117.51 cents a pound.

Sugar futures closed 0.10 cent to 0.41 cent lower, with pressure coming from
selling by speculators, Mr. Mueller said. The September delivery contract closed
at 15.48 cents a pound.

Hog and pork belly futures increased substantially on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange. Live and feeder cattle futures were mixed.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            June 14, 2003, Saturday

RETHINK ON UNITED STATES HERD FORECASTS

BYLINE: FARMING LIFE REPORTER

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 281 words


DELAYED rebuilding of the US cattle herd and lighter average carcase weights
have been factored into the latest United States Department of Agriculture
forecast for the country's beef production.

This forecast is for 11.9 million tonnes (carcase weight) in 2003, down only
three per cent on last year's record level and one per cent higher than forecast
in January.

The USDA predicts stabilisation of the the country's cattle herd, and subsequent
female cattle retention will be dependent on an improvement of moisture and
forage conditions, expected in the forthcoming US spring and summer.

Similar to the Australia and Canada, drought, and subsequent tight forage
supplies, have hindered the US herd in entering a rebuilding phase.

As a result of the drought and severe winter weather, cow slaughter was up five
per cent from last year in the year to May, consisting of a five per cent
increase in both dairy cows and beef cow slaughter.

Beef cow slaughter is forecast to decline below year-ago levels in the US summer
and even more in the US autumn if favourable forage conditions eventuate.

Total cow slaughter averaged 5.75 million head over the past three years, with
the USDA forecasting this to fall by seven per cent, to 5.35 million head in
2004, with producers retaining heifers and cows for rebuilding.

US beef production is forecast to approach last year's level in the latter half
of 2003, totalling 6.3 million tonnes (cw) with an increase in cattle slaughter
offsetting the lower average carcase weights. Early ('current') marketing by
cattle feeders, and increased cow slaughter, have contributed to the lighter
average carcase weights.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           February 7, 2002, Thursday

Aust beef on stream

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 15; COMMENT SCHEDULE

LENGTH: 366 words


The United States market began the week strongly but gave up these gains by
week's end. Australian beef is finally coming on stream in significant
quantities, allowing traders some breathing space.

The US domestic cow price surged 12c/lb due to supply problems but these are
expected to be short lived and have little impact on the imported price.

Looking longer term, the latest United States Department of Agriculture figures
make interesting reading. In 2001 the US cattle herd continued to decline and
the proportion of cows slaughtered rose, indicating that herd rebuilding has
been delayed yet again.

With the imported cow price at a seven- year high and averaging 103c/lb so far
this season, the outlook is positive because US production, particularly of
manufacturing beef, will fall once herd rebuilding starts and prices should
strengthen further.

The outlook for the rest of the globe is not so rosy however. Australia is
expected to run into quota problems for up to five years unless there is a
massive turnaround in Japanese demand. The non-US discount could widen
significantly.

Meanwhile farmgate prices rose in both islands and are up to 60c/kg higher than
a year ago.

Venison

Schedules have stabilised at $ 6-$ 7/kg after plummeting nearly $ 4/kg since
late October.

At last there are signs that the crucial German trade will resume shortly,
although it may be some time before schedules actually begin to increase and it
is certain that the new season's chilled prices will get nowhere near the $
10/kg mark reached last year.

Wool

Demand has increased, largely in anticipation of the new Chinese contract, with
wools 34 micron and finer performing the best.

Merino wool has surged 30 per cent in the last month as the market adjusts to
the lowest Australian production in 40 years and the absence of the stockpile.

Crossbred carpet wools also firmed due to a weaker kiwi dollar and an expected
25 per cent drop in British wool production.

Lamb

Sentiment remains mixed among exporters about the impact of the Easter supply
deadline that occurs this week, but the low kill to date (down 15 per cent) and
building backlog is a concern.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Fairfax New Zealand


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

Old Korean farmers protected topsoil by using land wisely

BYLINE: By Kang Hyun-kyung

LENGTH: 1257 words


International studies scholar regrets loss of organic farming practices in Korea

Old Korean farmers were wise ? they knew how to grow crops and vegetables
without destroying the earth. They collected rainfall during the summer monsoon
season to prepare for water shortages and recycled by-products of human
activities, such as excrement, as fertilizers. Their organic, sustainable
farming led to relatively high crop yields compared with Western farming.

A portrait of Franklin Hiram King in his book, 'Farmers of Forty Centuries'
published in 1911 shortly after his death

Emanuel Pastreich, professor of international studies at Kyung Hee University
and directorof the Asia Institute in Seoul / Korea Times

American agricultural scientist Franklin Hiram King (1848-1911) discovered these
attributes of East Asian farming during a nine-month tour to Korea, China and
Japan in 1907. He wasconcerned about soil depletion in the United States and
determined to explore the agricultural practices in the region to learn how
farmers here were able to prevent the problem for centuries.

King learned a lot from the trip. He was amazed by the East Asian farmers' wise
use of land and water. He summarized his findings in his book, 'Farmers of Forty
Centuries,' published by his wife Carrie Baker King in 1911, shortly after his
death. He suggested applying the East Asian organic farming model in the United
States.

In the past century, however, agricultural practices in Korea and the United
States have regressed rather than progressed. Organic farming, which had amazed
the American agronomist, disappeared in Korea after Western-style agriculture
was introduced to the rural areas. The United States did not follow King's
advice and is now suffering the consequences ? topsoil erosion.

Emanuel Pastreich, professor of international studies at Kyung Hee University
and director of the Asia Institute in Seoul, lamented the way agricultural
practices in the two countries have developed in the past century.

'Traditional agriculture in Korea was very well done. There was an essential
technology that Korea lost. It was a mistake to lose that,' he said. '
Agriculture in Korea, Japan and China had very high productivity per hectare. It
produced a lot of food in a small area. It didn't require artificial
fertilizers, as it would have been done with human feces collected and leaves
and other things in the local area. So you don't have to use any other extra
fertilizers.'

Pastreich said King's suggestion of highly efficient organic local farming was a
smart idea but was not heard in the United States. According to Pastreich, the
United States has gone in the opposite direction.

'Today, if you look at the consequences, particularly in California and also
other places, we have low water levels, unsustainable farming activities and
great loss of the topsoil, which used to be very rich,' he said. 'A lot of
topsoil has washed away to the oceans, and productivity has become low.
Agriculture also requires a lot of artificial fertilizers, which are very
expensive.'

Before his East Asian trip, King worried about the fallout of Western-style
farming, which relies heavily on artificial fertilizers and pesticides to grow
crops, on the environment.

The rich soil in Korea, China and Japan captured his attention. East Asian
farmers had been cultivating the land for thousands years, but the land remained
fertile. The soil's condition here stood in stark contrast to that in the West.
According to King, Western farming practices exhausted healthy virgin fields
owing to generations of unsustainable farming practices, whereas those in East
Asia had not caused such fallout after 30 centuries of farming.

'(Koreans, Chinese and Japanese) have an unimpaired inheritance moving with the
momentum acquired through 4000 years, (and they are) people morally and
intellectually strong, mechanically able,' King wrote in the book.

King, who taught students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison as chair of
agricultural physics before joining the U.S. Department of Agriculture as chief
of the division of soil management from 1901 to 1904, saw farmers in the East
Asian region use human feces as fertilizer, a practice that is not permitted in
the United States.

The agronomist realized that East Asian farmers' use of human excrement in
farming did not necessarily mean they were unaware of health and sanitation
issues. For example, they boil their drinking water.

'The drinking of boiled water has been universally adopted in these countries as
an individually available, thoroughly efficient safeguard against that class of
deadly germs that has been almost impossible to exclude from the drinking water
in any densely peopled country,' he wrote in the book.

During his trip to Korea, he was impressed particularly by Korean farmers' smart
use of water and by-products of human activities. He saw farmers collecting
water from the heavy summer rainfall as well as from the hills and using that
water for their fields. In addition, for fertilizers, they used green herbage
for humus, other organic matter and ash from the fuel coming from the hills to
grow crops, which resulted in high productivity without the use of artificial
fertilizers.

King's book has been translated into Chinese and Japanese. In Korea, however,
the American agricultural scientist is unknown, perhaps because of the timing of
the book's publication. In 1911, when the book was released, Korea was still a
colonial state of Japan. Koreans were unable to pay attention to King's findings
because during the colonial days, they were trained to believe that they were
inferior people who would find it difficult to survive without the help of the
superior Japanese.

After the country gained independence from Japan after World War II, the drive
to modernize rural areas created the wrong perception that traditional organic
farming was backward.

Farmers began turning their attention back to organic farming in the 2000s
following rising demand for organic food and other products. Consumers seeking
healthy lifestyles began to take an interest in the conditions in which their
food is grown and raised. According to the Korea Rural Economic Institute,
organic crops accounted for 9 percent of all agricultural products in the market
in 2012. The consumption of organic products is expected to continue to
increase, as the government pledged to implement measures that support organic
farmers.

Although soil depletion is not a problem in South Korea, Pastreich said King's
warning still holds true, as shown in the topsoil erosion in North Korea that
began during the great famine in the mid-1990s. He said topsoil erosion in the
North is the greatest threat to South Korea.

'The desertification will start to spread and will not be stopped by the
demilitarized zone,' he said. 'Preservation of the topsoil and water is a major
priority.'

Pastreich, however, was optimistic about the future of rural Korea, as he sees
opportunities in agribusiness. He said there is still a lot to discover in rural
Korea and this could draw many tourists, including the Chinese, if an effective
tourism promotion plan is in place.

'My sense is that if China and the world become more sophisticated, those
tourists' interests will not be going to shopping malls to buy lipstick or
eyeglasses or luxury watches,' he said. 'What would Chinese tourists want in 10
years? They would want to go to rural Korea, stay in a beautiful hanok-style
house, ride horses on the mountain and eat gourmet traditional regional foods.'

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 30, 1996, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

U.S. CATTLE GROWERS BAN SOME FEED; INDUSTRY DROPS SHEEP PARTS TO FEND OFF MAD
COW FEARS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In response to Britain's "mad cow disease" panic, the U.S. livestock industry on
Friday voluntarily banned the use of sheep tissue and other animal parts in
cattle feed.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture - which noted there has never been a case of
the disease in the United States - applauded the industry's move.

While the cause of the disease in cows remains a mystery, one suspected source
of the illness has been the use of cow, sheep and goat parts to enrich cattle
feed.

The Agriculture Department has been monitoring U.S. cattle for the disease since
1985 but has never detected an infected cow.

Adding ruminant parts to feed is not a common practice in the United States.

The Agriculture Department said it would expedite regulations banning the use of
ruminant parts in feed and increase training for food-safety inspectors who
guard against the disease.

In Europe Friday, officials rallied around British Prime Minister John Major as
he sought political support for a rescue plan for Britain's beef industry,
devastated by the scare.

The leaders of the European Union, meeting in Turin, Italy, lined up behind
Major after he warned them that the problem was no longer confined to Britain
but was hitting farmers all across Western Europe.

"There was a general recognition amongst our (European Union) partners today
that this is not just a British problem. . . . We all have a collective,
communal interest in restoring confidence to the beef market," Major said.

Summit chairman Lamberto Dini of Italy backed Major's insistence that there was
no scientific evidence that beef could infect people with the lethal human
equivalent of mad cow disease.

Promising a review of Europe's ban on British beef exports, Dini said: "There
will be coordinated action, financial action, in order to solve the problem . .
. above all, Europe intends to act jointly."

European Union officials said the plan would involve the slaughter of British
dairy cattle reaching the end of their working lives - the ones most likely to
be infected with mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy. The
disease slowly destroys the brain until the animal dies.

British farmers have proposed slaughtering and incinerating as many as 750,000
cattle a year.

European officials estimated this could involve the European Union paying $ 250
million a year.

In past crises of swine fever involving mass slaughter of German and Belgian
pigs, the European Union picked up two-thirds of the tab.

Jacques Santer, president of the Union, cautioned that the ban would be lifted
only after Europe's veterinary experts were satisfied that any plan approved by
ministers would eradicate the disease.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 30, 1996, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

U.S. CATTLE GROWERS BAN SOME FEED; INDUSTRY DROPS SHEEP PARTS TO FEND OFF MAD
COW FEARS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In response to Britain's "mad cow disease" panic, the U.S. livestock industry on
Friday voluntarily banned the use of sheep tissue and other animal parts in
cattle feed.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture - which noted there has never been a case of
the disease in the United States - applauded the industry's move.

While the cause of the disease in cows remains a mystery, one suspected source
of the illness has been the use of cow, sheep and goat parts to enrich cattle
feed.

The Agriculture Department has been monitoring U.S. cattle for the disease since
1985 but has never detected an infected cow.

Adding ruminant parts to feed is not a common practice in the United States.

The Agriculture Department said it would expedite regulations banning the use of
ruminant parts in feed and increase training for food-safety inspectors who
guard against the disease.

In Europe Friday, officials rallied around British Prime Minister John Major as
he sought political support for a rescue plan for Britain's beef industry,
devastated by the scare.

The leaders of the European Union, meeting in Turin, Italy, lined up behind
Major after he warned them that the problem was no longer confined to Britain
but was hitting farmers all across Western Europe.

"There was a general recognition amongst our (European Union) partners today
that this is not just a British problem. . . . We all have a collective,
communal interest in restoring confidence to the beef market," Major said.

Summit chairman Lamberto Dini of Italy backed Major's insistence that there was
no scientific evidence that beef could infect people with the lethal human
equivalent of mad cow disease.

Promising a review of Europe's ban on British beef exports, Dini said: "There
will be coordinated action, financial action, in order to solve the problem . .
. above all, Europe intends to act jointly."

European Union officials said the plan would involve the slaughter of British
dairy cattle reaching the end of their working lives - the ones most likely to
be infected with mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy. The
disease slowly destroys the brain until the animal dies.

British farmers have proposed slaughtering and incinerating as many as 750,000
cattle a year.

European officials estimated this could involve the European Union paying $ 250
million a year.

In past crises of swine fever involving mass slaughter of German and Belgian
pigs, the European Union picked up two-thirds of the tab.

Jacques Santer, president of the Union, cautioned that the ban would be lifted
only after Europe's veterinary experts were satisfied that any plan approved by
ministers would eradicate the disease.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             April 22, 2012 Sunday

Farmers asked to adopt modern techniques to increase agriculture productivity

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 112

LENGTH: 420  words


Deputy Agriculture Counsellor, United States Embassy in Islamabad, Devid Wolf,
on Saturday said Pakistan is blessed with favourable climatic conditions for
agricultural productivity and can earn heavy foreign exchange by exporting it
after fulfilling it demands.

He was addressing a concluding session of three-day training programme on
demonstration and dissemination of irrigation techniques arranged by Water
Management Research Centre (WMRC), University of Agriculture Faisalabad in
collaboration with United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) at a farmer
gathering in village 159 GB Mongi Bangla.

In the village, the university has set up fields with the latest techniques
causing 25 percent of yield increase with less water.

The aim of the demonstration was to showcase the latest techniques in a bid to
persuade the farming community about adoption it with the theme of "seeing
believes".

Devid Wolf also urged Pakistan farming community to adopt the modern trends of
agriculture in order to increase productivity and end the hunger from the
country.

He said that the US was providing funds to uplift the agricultural sector of the
Pakistan and will continue initiatives in this regard.

He said that USDA had a long history working for the development of agriculture
by investing especially in the technology transfer that was vital to the way of
progress.

He said that under the trilateral relations among US, Pakistan and Afghanistan,
the US was improving the wheat, maize, cotton and other crops productivity in
the region.

He also visited the fields of wheat, cotton, maize, vegetables and tunnel
farming set up by UAF and lauded the efforts aimed at maintaining food security
with increased productivity.

International Centre for Agricultural Research (ICARDA) Country Manager Dr Abdul
Hamid said that his company was working in 70 countries with the special focus
on water as the crisis has started hitting the globe.

He said that under the project funded by USDA, they were focusing on arid areas
but for the cause of water, they are functioning in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Punjab
and other part of the country.

He said that they were managing USDA funded project on demonstration and
dissemination of irrigation techniques.

Faculty of Agricultural Engineering, UAF, Dean and WMRC Director Professor Dr
Rai Niaz Ahmad said that bed planting not only increases the agricultural
productivity 25 percent but also save water.

Keeping in view the project was initiated to promote the technology with
demonstration effects.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             April 22, 2012 Sunday

Farmers asked to adopt modern techniques to increase agriculture productivity

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 112

LENGTH: 420  words


Deputy Agriculture Counsellor, United States Embassy in Islamabad, Devid Wolf,
on Saturday said Pakistan is blessed with favourable climatic conditions for
agricultural productivity and can earn heavy foreign exchange by exporting it
after fulfilling it demands.

He was addressing a concluding session of three-day training programme on
demonstration and dissemination of irrigation techniques arranged by Water
Management Research Centre (WMRC), University of Agriculture Faisalabad in
collaboration with United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) at a farmer
gathering in village 159 GB Mongi Bangla.

In the village, the university has set up fields with the latest techniques
causing 25 percent of yield increase with less water.

The aim of the demonstration was to showcase the latest techniques in a bid to
persuade the farming community about adoption it with the theme of "seeing
believes".

Devid Wolf also urged Pakistan farming community to adopt the modern trends of
agriculture in order to increase productivity and end the hunger from the
country.

He said that the US was providing funds to uplift the agricultural sector of the
Pakistan and will continue initiatives in this regard.

He said that USDA had a long history working for the development of agriculture
by investing especially in the technology transfer that was vital to the way of
progress.

He said that under the trilateral relations among US, Pakistan and Afghanistan,
the US was improving the wheat, maize, cotton and other crops productivity in
the region.

He also visited the fields of wheat, cotton, maize, vegetables and tunnel
farming set up by UAF and lauded the efforts aimed at maintaining food security
with increased productivity.

International Centre for Agricultural Research (ICARDA) Country Manager Dr Abdul
Hamid said that his company was working in 70 countries with the special focus
on water as the crisis has started hitting the globe.

He said that under the project funded by USDA, they were focusing on arid areas
but for the cause of water, they are functioning in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Punjab
and other part of the country.

He said that they were managing USDA funded project on demonstration and
dissemination of irrigation techniques.

Faculty of Agricultural Engineering, UAF, Dean and WMRC Director Professor Dr
Rai Niaz Ahmad said that bed planting not only increases the agricultural
productivity 25 percent but also save water.

Keeping in view the project was initiated to promote the technology with
demonstration effects.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           November 1, 2001, Thursday

Bioterrorism in NZ plausible

BYLINE: KEENE Howard

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 16; FARMING

LENGTH: 486 words


New Zealand farming could be a target for bioterrorism, a former army chief has
warned.

Major-General (retired) Piers Reid told the Agribusiness and Food Congress in
Christchurch that efficient farming would always provide the first essential
element of civilisation.

"New Zealand represents an especially high form of farming efficiency ... and
therefore a potential object of annoyance to those who wish to belittle the
civilised world."

Dr Reid, who is director of defence and strategic studies at Massey University,
said terrorism was a new element in the complex equation of the agricultural
trade environment.

He said the United States Department of Agriculture had said that a biological
attack against the agricultural industry was quite plausible.

Scientific research indicated Western livestock had become progressively more
disease-prone as a result of intensive antibiotic and steroid programmes, and
husbandry changes.

"Given the vulnerability of our livestock population, is there a threat? There
is."

He said it had always been recognised that diseases like foot and mouth could
reach New Zealand. "The reality is there is little difference between accidental
introduction and deliberate introduction."

New Zealand could well become a target "if we are seen as easy access and if
someone, almost anyone, wants to make an example without doing major damage on a
global scale".

However, it may not necessarily come from recognised terrorist groups. Dr Reid
said there was a growing group of people who resented aspects of New Zealand's
agricultural industry, including ecological groups, animal rights groups,
political groups, and those opposed to genetic research.

"One can never be certain that there aren't just one or two fanatics out there
prepared to go further, and that's all it takes.

"We need to diffuse the frustrations of the few fanatics to ensure it does not
boil over."

He said a foreign disease in New Zealand's livestock population would set off a
chain reaction that would eventually affect every New Zealander in the pocket.

The attack on the World Trade Centre in New York was an attack on the entire
system of world trade "and therefore a direct attack on us, on the New Zealand
agricultural sector as much as anyone else".

In the future, poverty and lack of growth in much of the world, global warming,
and water would all likely lead to conflict.

He said that meant New Zealand would be well placed in coming years to provide
products that would become increasingly scarce in the world.

"But it also means that New Zealand may become an object of some envy from those
who seek a total revolution of both supply and systems. The importance of
biosecurity cannot be over- emphasised.

"With confidence in ourselves and with belief in our industry and with smart
application, I believe New Zealand can adapt to this new world and still win."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            April 12, 1990, Thursday

COMMODITY BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE:  WASHINGTON


US OUTLOOK FAVORABLE

FOR EXPORTS TO SOVIETS

Forecasts for U.S. agricultural exports to the Soviet Union appear favorable
through the early 1990s, Paul Dickerson, U.S. Department of Agriculture general
sales manager, said Wednesday.

Mr. Dickerson, speaking to a U.S. Chamber of Commerce audience, also said he
expected USDA's export credit guarantee programs to continue through the decade.

With the political and economic changes taking place in the Soviet Union and
Eastern Europe, USDA officials have been examining ways to increase sales of
U.S. farm products to those regions.

Mr. Dickerson said the best future opportunities for agricultural sales in
Eastern Europe would be in genetic materials, oilseeds and horticultural
products.

DROUGHT IN FRANCE

CAUSES SWITCH IN CROPS

PARIS - A lack of rainfall in southwest France has prompted farmers to switch
from corn plantings to sunseed, Daniel Tournay, president of the French Grain
Intervention Board, Onic, said Wednesday.

Mr. Tournay told Onic's monthly news conference that corn plantings would be
reduced by 100,000 hectares in 1990-91 (July-June). In 1989-90, plantings
totaled 1.88 million hectares.

Sunseed plantings would benefit from the reduction of corn and would thus total
1 million hectares, up from 800,000 hectares in 1989-90, a spokesman from the
French oilseeds technical group Cetiom said Wednesday.

These forecasts are likely to be revised, since sowing of corn and sunseed does
not start until late April-early May.

Onic also estimated soft wheat plantings at 4.84 million hectares, up 2.7
percent from 4.71 million in 1989-90, and barley plantings would ease 2.8
percent to 1.77 million hectares in 1990-91 from 1.82 million previously.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US reaffirms support to small farmers in Pakistan

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. X No. 128

LENGTH: 567  words


US Ambassador Richard Olson Wednesday reaffirmed the United States government's
long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan.

Since 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan, introducing the kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields,
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
farmers' incomes, improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's
prosperity, he said.

During his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC), which was
established with the help of the US government in the 1980s, Olson said, "United
States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan through projects
that enhance agricultural productivity."

He lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
(WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) programme managed in
collaboration with national and provincial research partners that has
successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat variety, 'NARC 2011'.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community.

Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric intake of the
average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are critical,
said Olson.

The WPEP team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research
stations have made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts and I
encourage you to continue your work together, he maintained.

In addition to support for the WPEP, the United States has provided new
harvesting machines and funded improvements to research stations around Pakistan
to develop more disease-resistant wheat varieties. The United States also
provides specialised training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists.

The United States and Pakistan have similar agricultural systems and for that
reason we have been effective partners in agriculture for more than half a
century, working together to improve agricultural yields and to combat disease,
said Olson.

Since the 1950s US and Pakistani scientists have collaborated to increase wheat
production. At that time Dr Manzoor Bajwa and Dr Norman Borlaug worked together
to develop 'Mexi-Pak,' the wheat variety that started the Green Revolution in
Pakistan and helped to double Pakistan's wheat production between 1965 and 1970.

Today, our long-term commitment to Pakistan's agriculture sector is sustained
through projects that help fight animal and crop diseases, increase vegetable
and mango production, improve irrigation, increase dairy production and support
wheat research, he added.

Dr Muhammad Imtiaz Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and Wheat
Improvement Centre said without disease-resistant varieties of wheat, such as
the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimated Pakistan's annual wheat
harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99 arrives.

Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45 percent
of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic drivers of
Pakistan, Dr Imtiaz said.

Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million tonnes of wheat on eight million
hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4 percent of the GDP.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US reaffirms support to small farmers in Pakistan

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, May 9 -- US Ambassador Richard Olson Wednesday reaffirmed the United
States government's long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan.

Since 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan, introducing the kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields,
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
farmers' incomes, improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's
prosperity, he said.

During his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC), which was
established with the help of the US government in the 1980s, Olson said, "United
States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan through projects
that enhance agricultural productivity."

He lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
(WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) programme managed in
collaboration with national and provincial research partners that has
successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat variety, 'NARC 2011'.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community.

Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric intake of the
average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are critical,
said Olson.

The WPEP team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research
stations have made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts and I
encourage you to continue your work together, he maintained.

In addition to support for the WPEP, the United States has provided new
harvesting machines and funded improvements to research stations around Pakistan
to develop more disease-resistant wheat varieties. The United States also
provides specialised training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists.

The United States and Pakistan have similar agricultural systems and for that
reason we have been effective partners in agriculture for more than half a
century, working together to improve agricultural yields and to combat disease,
said Olson.

Since the 1950s US and Pakistani scientists have collaborated to increase wheat
production. At that time Dr Manzoor Bajwa and Dr Norman Borlaug worked together
to develop 'Mexi-Pak,' the wheat variety that started the Green Revolution in
Pakistan and helped to double Pakistan's wheat production between 1965 and 1970.

Today, our long-term commitment to Pakistan's agriculture sector is sustained
through projects that help fight animal and crop diseases, increase vegetable
and mango production, improve irrigation, increase dairy production and support
wheat research, he added.

Dr Muhammad Imtiaz Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and Wheat
Improvement Centre said without disease-resistant varieties of wheat, such as
the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimated Pakistan's annual wheat
harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99 arrives.

Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45 percent
of the labor force, making it one of the most significant economic drivers of
Pakistan, Dr Imtiaz said.

Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million tonnes of wheat on eight million
hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4 percent of the GDP. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 22, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Organic farming has registered improvement in Virginia: State Officials

BYLINE: Ruby Ortega

LENGTH: 302  words


Virginia agriculture officials reported that organic farming has increased in
the state. The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services said that
Virginia had 167 organic farms in 2014, which are up from 156 in 2008. Those
farms generated $41.3 million in sales, which is more than double as compared to
the $19.2 million in 2008.

Crop production contributed to 81% of the organic sale, 14% came from livestock
and poultry products, including milk and eggs, and 5% belonged to livestock and
poultry animals.

In 2015, the national organic standards have turned 15, and as the USDA program
is approaching driving age, a new federal survey of the industry, the first
since 2008, has shown a sector, booming in its adolescence.

In 2014, over 14,000 farms sold $5.5 billion in organic products in the United
States, up a full 72% since 2008. Presently, the organic dairy market alone is
worth over $1 billion.

Almost all that production revolved around a group of 10 states, accounting for
78% of sales. The pack was led by California, the country's leading producer of
fruits and vegetables, with $2.2 billion, and on combining with Washington state
and Oregon, which ranked number 2 and 4 respectively, the West Coast has proved
to be the center of organic farming in the United States.

The survey has also suggested that farmers have been finding out the ways of how
they can get more food out of fewer acres. It is a reality that might help
undercut the chief criticism of organic farming that yields are quite low to
make it viable on a large scale.

Business: Business (http://nycity.today/business/business)Agriculture
(http://nycity.today/business/agriculture)Region: United States
(http://nycity.today/location/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 13, 2004 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

A New Hand at Agriculture

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 356 words


As a symbol of American farming, it is hard to beat Gov. Mike Johanns of
Nebraska, whom President Bush has nominated as secretary of agriculture. Mr.
Johanns was raised on a dairy farm outside Osage, Iowa, so farmers know that Mr.
Johanns is one of their own. But heading the Department of Agriculture is not a
symbolic job.

Mr. Johanns governs a state that prohibits packers from owning livestock --
which would be a good idea nationally -- and has one of the strongest laws
against corporate farming in the country. Unfortunately, Mr. Johanns took an
aggressive stand against the anticorporate farming law, and he cut financing for
rural development initiatives. On the plus side, he has also shown a willingness
to learn from the other side, though whether that will do him any good in the
Bush administration is, at best, an open question.

As agriculture secretary, Mr. Johanns will quickly face some tough issues. He is
a strong advocate of open agricultural markets. But to ensure America's presence
in the global beef market, he will need to support vastly increased testing for
mad-cow disease in the United States. Mr. Johanns will also need to speed up the
move toward a national animal ID program as well as mandatory country-of-origin
labeling.

The real test of the new secretary's mettle will come, however, with the
drafting of a new farm bill for 2007. The bloated 2002 farm bill, which Mr.
Johanns championed, supported only one group of farmers -- corporate commodity
farmers. By any other measure, the bill was a huge reversal.

It is essential to reverse the trend toward concentration in American farming.
But the only way to pay for increased conservation programs and rural marketing
initiatives -- vital to farmers and to rural America -- will be by capping
subsidy payments on commodity crops, a politically difficult task. Mr. Johanns
has a real opportunity to help reshape agriculture. He knows farming on the
ground, and he knows farming at the legislative and administrative level. The
question is whether he can work on behalf of the widest array of American
farmers.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    July 13, 1999 Tuesday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Farmers eye more government money

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY - A bigger wheat harvest in the United States will feed demands for a $
9-billion (US) bailout package this year for farmers south of the border, but
Ottawa and the provinces are not expected to increase payments to farmers here.

Record winter wheat yields, a result of mild weather and ample rain, caused the
United States Department of Agriculture to boost its forecast of the total
domestic wheat harvest to 2.33-billion bushels, up almost 4% from a month ago.
With global grain stocks already bulging, a bumper crop in the United States
will put further pressure on wheat prices.

The report will be fodder for advocates pushing for financial aid that equals or
exceeds last year's $5.9-billion package.

In Canada, Ottawa and the provinces have agreed to pump $1.5-billion over two
years to help livestock and crop producers hurting from weak demand and
languishing prices. The Canadian Federation of Agriculture, the country's
largest lobby group, recently criticized the federal government for not doing
enough to help agricultural operators through the toughest time in more than a
decade.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 13, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Crop forecasts

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7, U.S. BUSINESS BRIEFS

LENGTH: 63 words


The Agriculture Department yesterday forecast corn production at 7.45 billion
bushels for 1989, up 2% from last month's forecast. Soybean production was
forecast at 1.93 billion bushels, also up 2% from the Sept. 1 forecast. The
department, in its monthly report on crop production, said that wheat production
will total an estimated 2.04 billion bushels, down 1%.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Senate Ag panel moves along deer farming, hemp bills

BYLINE: Pamela Pritt, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


Jan. 26--CHARLESTON -- Several bills moved out of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture and Natural Resources on Monday, among them deer farming, asking the
Environmental Protection Agency to withdraw its definition of waters of the
United States and rules on cultivating industrial hemp.

Deer Farming (Senate Bill 237) will authorize the Department of Agriculture to
oversee deer farming, including white-tailed deer, and implementing licensing
fees of $750 for a Class I license and $1,500 for a Class II license.

Sen. Bob Williams, D-Taylor, asked why the licensing fees were increased from
$250.

The committee's counsel, Noelle Starek, said the program will cost more than
even the increased fees will bring into the state. Starek said the anticipated
cost of implementing the program is $90,000 annually, with the fees expected to
bring in only around $29,000 a year.

The bill passed out of committee unanimously and is referenced to the Senate
Committee on Finance.

According to committee chair Sen. Daniel Hall, R-Wyoming, deer farming has the
potential to be a tool in diversifying the state's economy, as products from the
deer, including genetic materials and venison, and the sale of trophy bucks to
game farms would be a new income generator.

The Agriculture Committee also moved a concurrent resolution to ask the EPA to
"withdraw or rescind" its proposed definition of waters of the United States.

According to the EPA's website, definitions of waters include waters that have
been or can be used in foreign commerce, interstate waters, impoundments of
waters and all waters, including wetlands.

Committee members discussed that the new definitions "dramatically expand" the
EPA's authority of what is considered a waterway, including that common farming
practices like pesticide use and moving livestock may require permits and that
"small low spots that puddle" may be considered a wetland.

"The Clean Water Act is a federal act, we have no authority to alter or amend
their rules," said Sen. Charles Trump, R-Morgan, "This measure is simply to
express the sentiment of the Legislature that the new definition of the waters
of the United States is too broad."

Agricultural communities all over the state and the country are "very nervous"
about the new definitions, Trump said, as they could be considered to be so
broad as to include "any place where water pools."

"This is a way for the State of West Virginia to express its view to the EPA,
the president and the Congress," Trump said.

The measure passed out of the committee unanimously.

Likewise, authorizing Commissioner of Agriculture Walt Helmick to promulgate
rules regarding the production of industrial hemp passed out of the committee
unanimously. In a law passed last year, legislators authorized the state's
universities and the Agriculture Department to grow hemp for research purposes.

Williams said he wanted to make sure the rules are clarified that only those
entities can and are able to do the research.

Industrial hemp has many uses including textiles, paper and biodegradable
plastics. It is in the same plant family as marijuana.

The bill will also be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.

The committee also took up some of last year's legislation in discussing the
Dangerous Wild Animals Act, which prohibited private ownership of bears, big
cats, primates, wolves, constrictor snakes and alligators and caimans.

Starek said the Deptartment of Health and Human Resources wanted to add two
species to that list -- fruit bats and multimammate rats and mice because they
are "reservoir species" for diseases like Ebola and hantavirus, respectively.

Williams questioned the need for adding species to the list that was pared to
the six from nearly 40.

The committee took no action on the bill and is expected to discuss the A\act in
later meetings; however, a bill to repeal the entire act has been introduced.

-- Email: ppritt@register-herald.com Follow PamPrittRH on Twitter

___ (c)2015 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150126-WZ-Senate-Ag-panel-moves-along-deer-farming
-hemp-bills-0126-20150126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Register-Herald


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            November 13, 2016 Sunday

Ilocos to host three-day organic-farming congress

BYLINE: Orly Guirao

LENGTH: 313  words


The Duterte administration will make a pitch for organic farming during the 13th
National Organic Agriculture Congress, which will be staged in Laoag City on
November 23 to 25.

Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel F. Pinol will deliver the keynote address to
2,000 farmers from all over the country who are expected to attend the three-day
event.

Two other Cabinet officials-Environment Secretary Regina Paz L. Lopez and
Cabinet Secretary Leoncio B. Evasco Jr., concurrent president of the League of
Organic Agriculture Movement (LOAM)-have also been invited as speakers.

'We are hopeful all three will join the congress,' said Gloria C. Parong,
Department of Agriculture (DA) regional information officer. 'It will signal
full support to the organic-farming movement.'

Parong said the DA maintaining its original target of converting a modest 5
percent of all farmlands in the country into organic farms.

The target was set after the organic agriculture law was passed during the
Aquino administration.

The congress, she said, has adopted 'The Organic Way: For People, Environment
Sustainability and Progress' as this year's theme to stress the need to adopt
safe and healthy farming practices.

Parong said organizers of the event, notably the National Organic Agriculture
Board, have projected only about 1,400 participants to the congress, but as of
press time, about 1,899 reservations have been made from all over the country.

Aside from securing the commitment of top officials in the government to
sustainable, healthy farming, participants will also be updated on success
stories of organic-farming practitioners in rice and vegetable farming and
aquaculture.

Although organic agriculture has grown to become a multibillion-dollar industry
in highly developed economies, like Europe, the United States and Japan, it
remains a marginal segment of the farming sector in the Philippines.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                             July 16, 2000, Sunday

US sheep may be infected with BSE from British feed

BYLINE: Jonathan Leake Science Editor

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 302 words


VETS have found the first evidence that sheep could have become infected with
BSE. Three flocks in America were this weekend being taken to laboratories for
slaughter and examination after tests showed signs of the disease.

The flocks of Friesian milking sheep were imported from Europe to Vermont within
the past four years. Checks have shown that their parent flocks had eaten
British-bought feed that was likely to contain material from BSE infected cows.

Linda Detwiler, the United States Department of Agriculture vet responsible for
monitoring BSE and related diseases in America, said they would be taken to Plum
Island near New York, the country's most secure biological facility.

"Four sheep were confirmed positive on July 10 for a transmissible spongiform
encephalopathy (TSE) - the class of diseases that includes BSE. Tests for
scrapie, the TSE normally found in sheep, have proved negative so there is a
distinct possibility they have BSE," she said.

Scientists know that, under laboratory conditions, sheep can catch BSE from
eating infected bovine material. However, there has never been any clear
evidence of this happening on farms. Some experts believe, however, that sheep
with BSE would have been misdiagnosed as suffering from scrapie, which has
identical symptoms.

Four tests were used on the Vermont sheep. The first looked at the brains of
culled animals and found clear signs of the lesions seen in sheep with BSE like
diseases.

Samples were sent to other scientists. One said: "It could be a new form of
scrapie, or BSE."

The evidence in favour of BSE is strengthened by the animals' European parent
flocks having been certified free of scrapie.

Detwiler said it would take a year for further tests to confirm whether or not
the sheep have BSE.


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Times Newspapers Limited


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   January 16, 1986, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. farm chief faces big chill Block begins Canadian visit after sharpening
sales weapons

BYLINE: By Alex Binkley Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E24

LENGTH: 644 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - U.S. Agriculture Secretary John Block faces a chilly reception when
he arrives in Ottawa today on an official visit, and it won't be just because of
the Arctic cold that has invaded the city.

Measures he announced earlier this week for U.S. corn, grain and oilseed
producers will be a stiff blow to hard-pressed Canadian farmers.

"It's about the worst possible policy he could have put in place," Douglas
Mutch, an economist with the Livestock Feed Board of Canada, said in an
interview.

Dampening effect

Clay Gilson, a University of Manitoba agricultural economist, said Block's moves
will have a dampening effect on already low world grain prices.

Gary Moore, of the federal Grain Marketing Bureau, said there is a potential for
wheat prices to fall by 20 per cent to 30 per cent this year and remain at that
low level through 1987 unless demand picks up or bad weather disrupts world
harvests.

Block's visit is puzzling because he has resigned and will leave the agriculture
secretary's post once a successor is chosen.

He was supposed to come late last year but cancelled his visit to work on
getting a new U.S. farm bill approved by Congress. The bill determines a variety
of federal supports and programs for U.S. farmers.

Provisions in that bill have Canadian producers and marketers worried.

At the agriculture outlook conference in Ottawa last month, agriculture
department economists predicted a drop of 5 to 10 per cent in world wheat prices
in 1986 and a similar drop in 1987 because of large world stocks and lower U.S.
export prices.

Those lower prices are the result of Block's slashing of so-called loan rates on
wheat, corn, feed grains and oilseeds as much as he could. The loan rates act as
a kind of floor price for U.S. grains and by lowering them, the U.S. hopes to
sell its stockpile of grains and oilseeds.

The new loan rates come into effect for the crops that will be harvested in the
United States this summer, but already they have started to pull prices down.

Block has cushioned the impact on U.S. farmers by freezing so-called target
prices for grains, corn and oilseeds at existing levels. That means the U.S.
treasury will subsidize farmers for the difference between the export price and
target price.

Mutch of the Livestock Feed Board said the lower grain prices are going to put
even more pressure on Canadian farmers to reduce their operating costs and debt
loads if they are going to remain in business.

The U.S. move further raises the risk of an all-out agricultural trade war
between the United States and the European Community. Such a battle would
further depress sagging world commodity prices and harm farmers in countries
such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand who don't have access to the
government subsidies American and European producers do.

Gilson said Block "is sending signals that the United States is dead serious
about regaining its share of the world marketplace."

The United States says it has been elbowed out of many traditional overseas
markets for its food products by heavily subsidized European products.

John Morriss, a spokesman for the Canadian Wheat Board, said there is no
evidence that lower prices alone will enable the Americans to sell their grain
stockpile.

Copies Europeans

Its action is more like a copy of European policies and has "nothing to do with
free-market economics."

He said the board won't comment publicly on what it thinks will be the impact of
Block's moves on world grain prices because the board is trying to sell grain
and doesn't want to give away any of its marketing strategy.

Canadian farmers looking for some guidance on what to plant this spring in light
of the U.S. action will likely have to wait until March or April when Wheat
Board Minister Charles Mayer announces initial grain prices.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Block

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 28, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

'81 WHEAT SUPPLY IS UP, BUT FEED STORAGE IS LOW

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 27


American farmers are expected to have in storage at least a year's domestic
supply of wheat when the 1981 harvest begins in June, the Agriculture Department
reported today.  But it said carry-over stocks of feed grains would be the
lowest since 1976.

The estimate of wheat reserves was reassuring in view of the extremely dry
seasonal weather that has left this year's winter wheat crop with very little
snow cover and highly vulnerable to freezing February temperatures.

In its January supply and demand estimate, the Agriculture Department noted that
reserve wheat stocks were larger than last year but if the rate of wheat exports
continued these stocks would be at about 24.5 million metric tons.

The United States was expected to use about 22.9 million tons for bread and
livestock feed during the crop year that will end next June.

With the total world grain supply now at one of the lowest levels since 1974,
foreign demand for American wheat is expected to pull exports up to a record 66
million tons by June 1, the department said.

It said it expected feed grain stocks to drop to only 21.4 million tons before
the new crops are harvested early next fall. This was less than half of the 52.4
million tons carried over from the record 1979 yields.

''This leaves the supply of feed grains very tight, a prospect that could lead
to even lower levels of meat production in the second and third quarters of this
year than we were expecting,'' said Terry Barr, a department economist.

Stocks of soybeans, another major element in livestock feeding, were estimated
at 42.2 million metric tons, down 12 percent from last year.

But Mr. Barr said the department did not expect any major rise in soybean prices
because of the carry-in from last year's record crop and the prospects of large
soybean yields soon to be harvested in Brazil and Argentina.

Foreign demand for American feed grains was also continuing and the department
expected exports of these grains to exceed 74 million tons, another record.

Supplies of corn, the largest of the feed grain components, were slightly larger
than earlier estimates but reserve stocks expected to be on hand when the 1981
harvest begins next October were set at 14.4 million tons, the lowest since
1976.

The tightness of corn supplies and continued high export demand were expected to
hold corn prices above $3.25 a bushel, compared with last season's $2.52
average. The department expected wheat prices to range between $3.95 and $4.15,
higher than last year's $3.78-a-bushel average.

Unusually low subsurface moisture levels in the Corn Belt states this month were
causing concern among that region's farmers, whose corn and soybean crops were
badly damaged by drought last summer.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

U.S. helps strengthen farming business in Pakistan

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 268

LENGTH: 276  words


Sixty four specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture from Khyber
Pukhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh, and
Balochistan have completed a ten-day course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the United States.

The participants will help farmers increase their profits by approaching farming
as a business: farmers will be able to identify higher-value crops and access
new markets and customers. The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID)
organized this training session to help increase profits through better product
quality and water management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits. The United States is committed to
helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture sector so that farmers can improve
their livelihoods." After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist
from AJK, added "Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am
glad that this training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK
improve their businesses."

Agriculture employs more Pakistanis than any other sector in the country. The
United States is helping to modernize this important sector by working with the
Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural productivity
through research and development, introduce international quality standards,
renovate irrigation systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profits by
identifying new markets for agriculture products, both locally and
internationally.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

64 agri-experts learn modern farming techs

LENGTH: 274  words


Sixty four specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture from
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh, and
Balochistan have completed a ten-day course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the United States.

The participants will help farmers increase their profits by approaching farming
as a business: farmers will be able to identify higher-value crops and access
new markets and customers.

The US Agency for International Development (USAID) organized this training
session to help increase profits through better product quality and water
management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits.

The United States is committed to helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture
sector so that farmers can improve their livelihoods."

After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist from AJK, added "
Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am glad that this
training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK improve their
businesses."

Agriculture employs more Pakistanis than any other sector in the country.

The United States is helping to modernize this important sector by working with
the Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural productivity
through research and development, introduce international quality standards,
renovate irrigation systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profits by
identifying new markets for agriculture products, both locally and
internationally.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Consolidation threatens food safety, warn farmers, activists

LENGTH: 270 words


Independent farmers and environmental activist groups are asking antitrust
regulators to examine agriculture consolidation as a driver of food-borne
illnesses and other health risks allegedly fueled by practices of ag
conglomerates.Farm and environmental groups sent a joint letter to Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack and Attorney General Eric Holder asking the Department
of Agriculture and the Justice Department to update the industry on what was
found in a series of field hearings the agencies conducted on agriculture
competition. The hearings began in March 2010. "The American public now awaits
the next steps the departments will take to address excessive corporate
concentration in the U.S. food and agriculture sectors and its devastating
impacts on American lives and livelihoods," the groups wrote.

They said a final report on the hearings "should include an analysis of the
scope, causes and nature of the problems and identify changes necessary to begin
to address current trends in agricultural consolidation, and develop appropriate
antitrust approaches to curtail monopoly or monopoly power of the seed, beef,
hog, poultry and dairy industries and end the harmful impacts of unrestrained
corporate power on U.S. food and farming," their letter said. "Our rural
communities, our food supply and the fate of a major portion of the American
economy depend on us fixing this problem." Groups signing the letter included:
Alliance for a Sustainable Future, American Corn Growers Association, R-CALF
United Stockgrowers of America and American Raw Milk Producers Pricing
Association.  - Bill McConnell

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            July 26, 2003, Saturday

FARMING BRIEFS: DROUGHT HITS NUMBERS IN US BEEF HERD

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 224 words


SEVERE drought conditions and tight forage supplies both contributed to the
continued liquidation of the US cattle herd over the past year.

The liquidation phase of the current cattle cycle is now in is eighth year.

As at July 1 there were 103.9 million head of cattle in the United States, one
per cent below last year. This indicates that beef production in the US is
likely to fall in the next few years as the industry moves to re- building, with
the United States Department of Agriculture now predicting an eight per cent
year-on-year decline in the fourth quarter this year and a 2.7 per cent fall in
2004.

Possible early signs of herd rebuilding were signalled by both the beef cow herd
(33.6 million head) and beef replacement heifer inventory (4.6 million head)
being primarily unchanged from last year. Furthermore, cattle prices are
providing improved incentives for farmers to rebuild herds (in the second
quarter, prices were 20 per cent higher than last year). However, this may be
countered to some degree in the short term due to increased demand for cattle
arising from the current ban on Canadian cattle r.

The number of cows and heifers that calved were similar to last year, at 42.7
million head. However, the 2003 US calf crop is expected to be down one per cent
on last year, at 38 million head.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

US helps strengthen farming business in Pakistan

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


64 specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture from Khyber Pukhtunkhwa (KPK),
Gilgit-Baltistan (GB), Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh and Balochistan have
completed a ten-day course on modern farm business and irrigation methods
sponsored by the United States (U.S).


The participants would help farmers to increase their profits by making them
understand farming from a business point of view. By sharing the knowledge,
farmers would be able to identify higher-value crops and access new markets and
customers. The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) organized this
training session to help increase farming profits through better product quality
and water management, said official sources of the U.S embassy. At the
completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director Jonathan
Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture new
customers and increase their profits. The United States is committed to helping
Pakistan modernize its agriculture sector so that farmers can improve their
livelihoods."
After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist from AJK, said "
Farming in the mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am glad that this
training has provided me with the skills to help the farmers in AJK to improve
their businesses."
Agriculture employs more Pakistanis than any other sector in the country.
Therefore, the U.S had been helping to modernize this important sector by
working with the Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural
productivity through research and development, introduction of international
quality standards, renovation of irrigation systems, up gradation of farming
techniques and increasing profits by identifying new markets for agriculture
products on a national and international level.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 7, 2007 Sunday

Dairy princess spreads word about farming

BYLINE: EMILY KLEIN TH staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 423 words


Agriculture in the United States has gone through some major changes in the past
50 years, and most would agree that there are more to come.

Despite the rapid changes, many youth continue to take an interest in one of the
country's oldest industries.

The 2007 Dubuque County dairy princess, Becca Bahl, 18, of Dubuque, said growing
up on a dairy farm helped develop her passion for farming, but she knows that
most people do not have that opportunity.

One of her duties as the reigning dairy princess is to speak to schoolchildren
about the dairy industry. Bahl said she was shocked to learn how little some
students know about farm animals and where their food comes from.

"People haven't had the experience, so they just don't know," Bahl said. "It's
sort of sad because it's something that I see every day and I love."

In the classroom, Bahl teaches the students about the health benefits of dairy
products as well as the variety of tasty options.

She hopes that her presentations, along with field trips and opportunities
through programs like 4-H and FFA, will help children learn more about
agriculture and consider a future in the industry.

This year, for the first time since 1978, student membership in FFA has
surpassed the half-million mark.

FFA officials report that there are 500,823 members in 7,358 FFA chapters across
the United States, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.

This new data from the national organization show that there is great hope for
the future of agriculture.

"We're so excited to know that we're reaching more students and giving them the
opportunity to learn about agriculture in depth," said Kristy Meyer,
communications specialist for the national FFA organization. "We hope to
continue to flourish and meet and exceed our goals."

In recent years, Meyer said, the number of students interested in agri-science
and other more technical areas of the agriculture industry has increased. FFA
leaders do their best to teach members about all aspects of agriculture,
including some of the less-traditional jobs in areas like niche farming and
biotechnology.

"Production agriculture will always be a staple of Americana, but there are so
many more opportunities out there," Meyer said.

A survey of 428 Iowa FFA students conducted last year by the Coalition to
Support Iowa's Farmers found that 55 percent of respondents indicated that they
desired to farm after completing their education. Of those who said they wanted
to farm, 89 percent said they intended to raise livestock.

Klein's e-mail address: eklein@wcinet.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 12, 1988, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. report predicts drought will slash grain harvests

BYLINE: By Frances Phillips and Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 694 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  The U.S. Agriculture Department predicted yesterday that the drought,
considered the worst in more than half a century, would lead to dramatic
declines in this year's harvests of corn, soybeans and wheat.

The department's monthly crop report estimated U.S. farmers would produce 4.48
billion bushels of corn this year, 37% less than last year.

The soybean crop was forecast at 1.47 billion bushels, 23% smaller than the 1987
harvest and projected to be the lowest since 1976.

The survey estimated that a smaller spring wheat crop would result in total U.S.
wheat production of 1.82 billion bushels this year, a 13% decline from last
year.

However, poor U.S. harvests will not increase exports for the Canadian Wheat
Board. Prairie farm crops have also been decimated by drought.

''Our (marketing) experience will be totally dominated by our available
supplies,'' John Morriss, CWB information director, said in a telephone
interview yesterday.

''There is no question of us filling in because we don't have the product
either.''

In the 1986-87 crop year the U.S. and Canada accounted for 33% and 24%
respectively of world wheat and flour exports.''

EARLY ESTIMATES

The dramatic decline in U.S. grains production is unlikely to push commodity
prices much beyond current levels. ''Those numbers are already factored into the
market,'' Morriss said.

The extent of drought damage in Canada will become clearer when the United Grain
Growers farmers' co-operative issues its Prairie crop report later this month.

Economists are also anxiously awaiting Statistics Canada's crop report due Sept.
2.

Early estimates suggest Prairie wheat farmers will harvest 36% less wheat than
projected and Ontario farms will harvest 22% to 40% less.

Ontario corn producers are looking at yields 30% below expectations.

Meanwhile, the Rome-based United Nations Food & Agriculture Organization said
yesterday in its August outlook the drought will cause world cereal production
to fall for the second consecutive year and cut global stocks to the bare
minimum.

BILL SIGNED

World cereal production is forecast to fall to 1.77 billion metric tons this
year, 13 million below last month's forecast and 24 million below last year's
output.

Earlier yesterday, U.S. President Ronald Reagan signed into law a
multi-billion-dollar bill to reduce losses suffered by drought-stricken farmers
and ranchers.

The USDA crop report, based on conditions as of Aug. 1, was the first
comprehensive field survey of the season and the most accurate assessment to
date of the drought.

It confirmed the conviction shared by most analysts that since July, widespread
hot, dry weather has continued to take its toll on major U.S. crops and cut into
projected world grain and soybean stocks.

The prospect of small grain and soybean harvests has important implications for
inflation and trade flows.

Rising grain and soybean prices have pushed up U.S. food prices and contributed
to a modest acceleration in overall inflation.

In a survey released earlier this week by the widely watched Blue Chip Economic
Indicators of Sedona, Ariz., 58 economists mentioned higher U.S. food prices as
the most important factor that could cause inflation to flare up next year.

In the latest report, based on a survey of more than 60,000 farms, the USDA
trimmed its July estimates of corn, soybeans and spring wheat production.

The department estimated the 1988 corn crop would drop to 4.48 billion bushels
from 7.06 billion bushels last year. The July report pegged the 1988 corn crop
at 5.20 billion bushels.

U.S. corn stocks at Aug. 30, 1989, were projected to be 1.58 billion bushels,
down from 4.35 billion bushels estimated to be stockpiled at the end of this
month.

The 1988 soybean crop was estimated at 1.47 billion bushels, compared with 1.90
billion bushels in 1987. Last month 1988 soybean production was forecast at 1.65
billion bushels.

Total U.S. wheat production was forecast at 1.82 billion bushels, 284 million
bushels below 1987. In July, the USDA estimated 1988 all-wheat production at 1.8
billion bushels.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: U.S. farms have been hard-hit by worst dry spell in 50 years

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 16, 2014

North Dakota 2013 Crop Production Summary;
United States Department of Agriculture

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 643  words


FARGO, ND, January 10, 2014 - Corn for grain production is estimated at 396
million bushels, down 6 percent from last year according to the USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service. The aver-ige yield is estimated at 110 bushels,
down 12 bushels from 2012. Area harvested for gain, at a record high 3.60
million acres, is up from 2012's 3.46 million.

Soybean production is estimated at 139 million bushels, down 15 percent from
2012. The average yield was 30.0 bushels per acre, down 4.5 bushels from a year
ago. Acres harvested are estimated at 4.62 million, down from 4.73 million acres
the previous year.

Potato production is estimated at 22.6 million hundredweight, down 10 percent
from 2012. Yield is estimated at 290 hundredweight per acre, down 10
hundredweight from last year. Acres harvested are estimated at 78,000, down from
84,000 acres a year ago.

Oil sunflower production is estimated at 510 million pounds, down 61 percent
from last year. Yield is estimated at 1,260 pounds, down 490 pounds from the
previous year. Acres harvested are estimated at 405,000, down from 755,000 acres
a year ago. Non-oil sunflower production is estimated at 97.9 million pounds,
down 30 percent from last year. Yield is estimated at 1,360 pounds, down 220
pounds from a year ago. An estimated 72,000 acres were harvested, down from
88,000 acres the previous year.

Canola production is estimated at 1.67 billion pounds, down 18 percent from
2012. Yield is estimated at 1,820 pounds per acre, up 420 pounds from last year.
Area harvested totaled 915,000 acres, down from 1.46 million acres from a year
ago.

Flaxseed production is estimated at 2.92 million bushels, down 46 percent from
2012. Yield per harvested acre is 20.0 bushels, up 2.5 bushels from last year.
Acres harvested are estimated at 146,000, down from 310,000 acres a year ago.

Dry edible bean production is estimated at 7.10 million hundredweight, down 39
percent from 2012. Yield is estimated at 1,650 pounds, down 50 pounds from last
year. Acres harvested are estimated at 430,000, down from 685,000 acres a year
ago.

Dry edible pea production is estimated at 5.74 million hundredweight, up 28
percent from 2012. Yield is estimated at 2,050 pounds per acre, up 100 pounds
from last year. Acres harvested are estimated at 280,000, up from 230,000 acres
a year ago.

Lentil production is estimated at 1.76 million hundredweight, down 9 percent
from the previous year. Yield is estimated at 1,400 pounds per harvested acre,
up 180 pounds from last year. Acres harvested are estimated at 126,000, down
from 158,000 acres a year ago.

Sugarbeet production is estimated at 5.69 million tons, down 5 percent from last
year. Yield is estimated at 25.3 tons per harvested acre, down 2.7 tons from the
previous year. Acres harvested are estimated at 225,000 acres, up from 215,000
acres the previous year.

Safflower production is estimated at 18.0 million pounds, up 6 percent from the
previous year. Yield is estimated at 1,200 pounds per acre, unchanged from last
year. Acres harvested are estimated at 15,000, up from 14,200 acres a year ago.

Alfalfa hay production, at 3.24 million tons, was up 79 percent from 2012. Yield
is estimated at 2.0 tons per acre, up 0.6 tons from a year ago. Acres harvested
are estimated at 1.62 million, up from 1.29 million acres last year. All other
hay production totaled 1.85 million tons, up 37 percent from last year. Yield is
estimated at 1.85 tons per acre, up 0.35 tons from last year. Harvested acres
are estimated at 1.00 million, up from 900,000 acres from last year. New
seedings of alfalfa in 2013 totaled 73,000 acres, up from 53,000 acres a year
ago. Access this complete report at:
http://usda01.library.cornell.edu/usda/nass/CropProdSu//2010s/2014/CropProdSu-01
-10-2014.pdf

Find agricultural statistics for your county, State, and the Nation at
www.nass.usda. gov

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Dickey County Leader


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    July 13, 1988, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. grain crop to tumble 24%

BYLINE: Giles Gherson

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  U.S. grain production will fall 24% this year to 212 million metric tons, one
of the worst annual declines on record, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
reported yesterday in its latest forecast of the damage wrought by this summer's
drought.

But Agriculture officials said stockpiles of most grains will remain ample
throughout the year, allowing the U.S. to meet domestic demand and foreign
sales.

According to an American official, the U.S. will call on Canadian farmers for
additional supplies of higher grade Durham wheat.

The department warned that U.S. food prices will climb between 3% and 5% this
year because of rising prices that reflect decreasing supplies of farm
commodities. The estimate is one percentage point higher than food inflation
forecasts released by the department last month.

The higher food inflation forecast comes despite anticipated lower prices for
livestock, as supply mounts in the face of much higher-than-normal herd
liquidations due to feed shortages. U.S. red meat and poultry production is
expected to climb 3% from 1987.


The gloomy farm outlook could get worse if below-average rain levels continue in
the U.S. farm belt during the remainder of the growing season. The U.S. Weather
Service releases its updated 60-day forecast today.

Washington's eagerly awaited July World Crop Outlook sharply revised U.S. crop
expectations that were made only a month ago. The latest outlook calls for a 50%
fall in U.S. spring wheat production this year, a 26% decline in the corn crop,
a 45% smaller barley harvest, and a 13% cut in soybean production.

The 50% drop in anticipated spring wheat production, which accounts for 20% of
total U.S. wheat output, is a record decline. The previous record was a 30%
decline in spring wheat in 1949.

Overall, the U.S. wheat crop is expected to reach 1.84 billion bushels, 13%
below last year's harvest. U.S. winter wheat largely escaped drought damage,
turning in the fourth-highest yield per acre on record.

Ewen Wilson, U.S. assistant agriculture secretary, said the Agriculture
Department believes Canada's spring wheat crop has on balance received more rain
than the U.S. wheatlands. He said the Canadian wheat crop is expected to be 21
million metric tons this year, compared with 25.5 million metric tons last year,
a 17% decline.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                  September 16, 1995, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Goodale asks U.S., Europe to cut subsidies

BYLINE: MAGGIE MCNEIL, REUTERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 413 words


Trade partners must follow Canada's example eliminating trade-distorting farm
policies

WASHINGTON

Agricultural Minister Ralph Goodale called on the United States and the European
Community Friday to reduce trade-distorting farm policies, following Canada's
elimination last month of a key transportation subsidy to its western producers.

Goodale also warned Washington that Ottawa will not allow the resumption of
trade restrictions on Canadian wheat shipments into the United States, and said
Canada would do whatever necessary to defend its interests.

Goodale, speaking to the National Grain Trade Council, said that by terminating
the Western Grain Transportation Act, the Canadian grain and oilseed sectors are
"effectively out of the export subsidy business -- lock, stock and barrel."

He urged the United States and the European Union to make similar changes in
their agricultural policies.

"Canada has made a major move by eliminating the WGTA," said Goodale, "and we do
not think it unreasonable to expect other major grain exporters, particularly
the European Union and the United States, to make comparable reductions in trade
distorting supports.

Goodale, in Washington to speak to the industry group and to meet with
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman, said he was pleased that import quotas on
Canadian wheat shipments have been removed, and said "the market can now
function."

A U.S., Canada wheat agreement that had capped Canadian wheat imports to the
United States at 1.5 million metric tons expired earlier this week.

American wheat-grower groups had pushed for an extension of the quotas, but
instead Washington said it would closely monitor incoming wheat shipments and
consult with the Canadian government if there was a potential problem.

Extension of the tariff rate quotas, said Goodale, would have contradicted
economic sense and violated a number of trade agreements between Washington and
Ottawa.

"The Canadian view is very clearly that we are not interested in a process that
leads to the reestablishment of trade restrictions across the border," said
Goodale after a luncheon meeting with Glickman.

Goodale also strongly defended the Canadian Wheat Board and said it is not
guilty of predatory pricing.

The CWB markets all of Canada's wheat. It has been criticized by U.S. officials
and wheat industry groups for its pricing practices, which Washington contends
are always non-transparent and often predatory.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 11, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

New '85 Corn Crop Record

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 9, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 218 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 10


Last year's record corn harvest turned out even larger than had been expected,
the Agriculture Department said today in an annual review.

The 1985 corn harvest was about 8.87 billion bushels, up 16 percent from 1984
and about 150 million bushels more than the department's last estimate of 8.72
billion bushels in November. The previous high was 8.24 billion bushels in 1982.
Corn yields averaged a record 118 bushels an acre, up 11.8 bushels from 1984 and
4.8 bushels more than the old 1982 record.

Over all, 1985 crop production was rated at 116 percent of a 1977 base level
used for comparison. The ''all crops'' indicator, however, fell short of the
record of 118 percent in 1982.

Total feed grains, mostly corn but also including sorghum, oats and barley, were
shown at 274 million metric tons, up 16 percent from 237 million tons in 1984. A
metric ton is about 2,205 pounds and is equal to 39.4 bushels of corn or 36.7
bushels of wheat.

The 1985 soybean harvest was about 2.1 billion bushels, up 13 percent from 1984
and the third largest on record. The average yield of 34.1 bushels an acre was a
record. Cotton production last year was estimated at 13.5 million bales, up 4
percent from 1984. Yields averaged a record of 630 pounds an acre, up from the
previous high of 600 pounds in 1984.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 31, 2004, Saturday

NEWSLINES

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 93 words


o TAPPING into Scottish farming's potential to provide renewable raw materials
for green road fuel and electricity generation could go a long way to meeting
the country's commitments to tackling climate change, according to NFU Scotland.

o AGRICULTURE Secretary, Ann M Veneman, has announced that the United States
Department of Agriculture will provide the US lamb industry with $ 18.85 million
(pounds 10.26 million) this fiscal year for payment to sheep and lamb producers
to encourage the replacement and retention of ewe lamb breeding stock.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 12, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

31% Grain Loss Seen;
Reagan Signs Relief Bill

BYLINE: Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 741 words


The Agriculture Department predicted yesterday that drought and heat damage so
far this summer will reduce U.S. grain production by about 31 percent, as
President Reagan signed into law a $ 3.9 billion disaster-relief package for
farmers.

Despite the massive crop damage from one of the century's worst droughts,
officials at the department said that grain supplies will meet domestic and
export needs and that consumer prices will increase only slightly.

As he signed the largest relief measure in history, Reagan told farmers that it
"isn't as good as rain, but it'll tide you over until normal weather and your
own skills permit you to return to your accustomed role of being the most
productive farmers in the world."

The department's previous projections, as of July 1, had put the drought losses
at 24 percent. The new projections, as of Aug. 1, coincided closely with those
of private forecasters and underscored the severity of the drought in the
prolific Corn Belt, where both the corn and soybean crops will suffer major
reductions. More losses are possible if the dry weather continues.

Ewen Wilson, assistant secretary of agriculture for economics, said the corn
crop is estimated at 4.48 billion bushels -- 37 percent below last year's level
-- with a record decline in yield. The average per-acre yield was projected at
78.5 bushels, compared with 119.4 bushels last year.

Wilson said that soybean production is expected to fall 23 percent from last
year to 1.47 billion bushels, with average yields dropping from 33.7 bushels per
acre to 26 bushels. He said tight supplies and higher prices could be expected,
with the unusual possibility of some soybean imports.

Other spring-planted crops suffered similar damage. Durum wheat, for example, a
key ingredient in pasta products, is expected to be down 41 percent from last
year, to 54.6 million bushels. Spring wheat, used in baked goods, was projected
to drop 53 percent to 212 million bushels. Production of oats and barley is
expected to fall 45 percent for each crop; grain sorghum, 24 percent.

Wilson said that pasture and range-land conditions -- reported a month ago to be
in the worst shape since record keeping began in 1921 -- improved slightly with
scattered rains, but on Aug. 1 were still rated at only 51 percent of ideal. The
USDA survey, based on interviews with farmers and field visits, projected a 12
percent drop in hay output.

As a side effect of the drought disaster on grazing lands and hay yields, the
USDA official said, red meat and poultry production will rise 3 percent to an
all-time high of 60.6 billion pounds. Many livestock producers have culled herds
and sent more animals to slaughter early because of feed shortages and high
costs.

Conversely, winter wheat, most of which matured and was harvested before the
drought became severe, will show production of 1.55 billion bushels -- about the
same as last year. Peanut, cotton, tobacco, sugar cane and hops production is
expected to exceed last year's levels.

Wilson said department economists continued to believe that consumer food prices
will increase by only one percentage point because of the drought. The 2-to-4
percent increase anticipated this year has been revised to 3 percent to 5
percent.

Wilson said that "because of large preseason stocks, total supplies are enough
in most cases to assure an adequate food supply at home, satisfy foreign
customers and meet our food aid commitments." He said, however, that another
major drought next year would have a "catastrophic" impact on the food chain.

Norton D. Strommen, chief meteorologist at USDA, said climate statistics
indicate that back-to-back weather disasters of the dimension of this summer are
unlikely. He also said the drought of 1934 was more intense than this year's,
with 61 percent of the nation's land mass rated in the severe or extreme drought
categories. This year, about 34 percent of the country has been in those
categories.

"The drought of 1988 is not over," Strommen said. "We see no basic retreat from
the hot, dry weather." He said that recent rains in the Southeast had helped
crops but that in most parts of the country the intense heat and absence of rain
have continued this month "as strong as we saw in July."

Wilson said that continuation of the drought will mean further losses in
soybeans, which are reaching the critical growth stage in many areas, and more
drops in corn yields.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, PRESIDENT REAGAN SHAKES HANDS WITH AGRICULTURE SECRETARY RICHARD
E. LYNG AFTER SIGNING DROUGHT-RELIEF BILL. SEN. PATRICK J. LEAHY (D-VT.) LOOKS
ON. UPI; ILLUSTRATION, TWP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 August 3, 2003

Blossoming of a school

SECTION: Education; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 501 words


Blossoming of a school

If you travel about 80km inland from Port Shepstone, on the KwaZulu-Natal South
Coast, you will come to the Harding Special School. Should you pass in spring
you will see a mass of white blossoms when the plum trees flower, and the deep
bottle-green buds of the macadamia trees.

You cannot smell the blossoms from the road but learners and educators are aware
of their rich, sweet fragrance.

Learners sit on benches under the trees or play in the fields during breaks. At
other times you will see them working in their tractor-tyre gardens. Some
children are in wheelchairs, while others have crutches and callipers - but all
are cheerful and passersby often give them a friendly wave.

The patchwork of vegetable gardens, sheltered against the wind and weather by
conifers, yellowwoods and fig trees, enlarges steadily all summer. This is the
flowering of a permaculture project begun in 1992. If you can imagine a
flashback to then, the school would be a dismal place: just a few buildings
standing forlorn on an empty, dusty and dry plain, with no trees or garden.

Financial resources were slender but other assets such as determination,
dedication, energy, lateral thinking, hard work, a supportive community and high
summer rainfall were abundant. Free resources like manure, wood ash, sawdust and
chicken litter were used to create a fertile environment. The community donated
trees, plants and seeds and collected rose and fruit-tree prunings to propagate.

In 1996, the school discovered the Food & Trees for Africa EduPlant project and
learned that the path they had been following had a name: permaculture. Harding
entered and won the competition. Success breeds confidence and the school wanted
to make a big difference in food production to keep boarding fees as low as
possible. So they took a big step forward to increase productivity and installed
a simple irrigation system and water tanks, and bought more fruit trees and a
storage container.

In 1998, lottery funds enabled them to buy a second-hand tractor, a plough and a
gyro-mower. That year they produced three tons of dried mealies - enough to feed
the hostel for a year and still have some to sell. The school used a donation
from a bank to buy a small mill to produce fresh phutu and crushed mealies for
their chickens. The permaculture projects on their web page drew the attention
of Lewis University, in the US, which donated $ 1 000 to the school for a
second-hand trailer.

By expanding their permaculture projects, boarding fees have stayed at R350 per
term for the last three years.

Surrounding schools, now interested in permaculture, began to request advice, so
Harding started a little nursery to grow fruit trees and shrubs for distribution
to these schools. Harding now wants to generate a food base in communities
affected by Aids so that survivors and carers are supported in the future.

If the African renaissance is to succeed, it needs to be green.



LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2003 Times Media Limited


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

GM on the agenda as farmers try to boost production

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 668 words


Farm leaders meeting in the United States will address the demanding issue of
trying to feed 9 billion people, writes Tim Cronshaw .

--------------------

The challenge of feeding another two billion people will go on the shoulders of
Ashburton farmers Craige and Roz Mackenzie when they attend the Global Farmer
Roundtable next month.

Craige Mackenzie became the first Kiwi to be invited to join farming leaders at
the roundtable talks two years ago and was asked back to the event, which is
part of the World Food Prize meetings in Iowa, United States. Roz has been
officially invited after informally attending the last meeting.

The focus is on providing enough food for 9 billion people by 2050 through trade
and technology and the subject of genetic modification (GM) to improve
agriculture production - controversial in New Zealand - will be freely
discussed.

Mackenzie said agriculture production could be expected to increase in
developing countries at a faster rate than developed countries which would have
a role in sharing agriculture expertise. Developing countries were often missing
support and did not have access to borrow money or the infrastructure, he said.

"All the people there are leaders and are recognised in their own country and
have all done some really cool stuff. They are trying to pick movers and shakers
that will pick up technology and be inspirations for those around them in the
farming communities."

At the last roundtable talk a Swaziland farmer admitted to struggling to survive
on growing corn or maize after crop failures. The farmer has since changed to
growing legumes and extended this to feed growing and seed certification
operations.

Mackenzie said talks were likely to centre on land intensification and
innovation again.

The Mackenzies own a cropping farm, Greenvale Pastures, co-own Three Springs
Dairy farm and run Agri Optics, their precision agriculture company.

Mackenzie said a better understanding of localised conditions on different farms
and precision agriculture such as variable rate irrigation had helped farmers
make environmental improvements. None of the tools were silver bullets and
farmers had to get the basics right to improve production, he said.

On the agenda during the roundtable talks will be the issue of GM to produce
more food sustainably.

Mackenzie said it would be interesting to have a non- emotional talk about GM
and its benefits and it would be good if the same approach was taken in New
Zealand.

"Not that we need to go there, but it would be good to know what potential
benefits there were on the horizon. If we had a crop line available overseas
which had twice the water efficiency then potentially we don't need to use as
much water as we are, but we have to have that discussion."

He said there would be some public resistance and more science was needed to
explore the risks and identify if markets would prefer GM-free food.

Other benefits could come from gene options in some crops using less nitrogen.

GM crops were being used overseas with drought-tolerant corn available to
African farmers and just starting in South America.

Mackenzie said he found it inspirational rubbing shoulders with farmers in
different environments and always came away with ideas to improve his farm from
thought provoking talks.

New Zealand farmers were fortunate to have access to technology unavailable to
other farmers, he said.

He said post-harvest losses would be a big issue at other talks during the World
Food Prize event and it was estimated 30 per cent of food production was lost,
wasted or dumped before it was eaten by consumers.

The event continues after the roundtable with a prize recognising a top
agricultural performer in honour of Norman Borlaug, winner of a Nobel Prize and
credited with starting the green revolution. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Contentious issue: The hot topic of genetically modified food will be a talking
point when Methven farmer Craig Mackenzie sits around the Global Farmer
Roundtable.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            November 19, 2012 Monday

Drought: Food prices poised to rise;
The impact of this summer's extensive drought should show up on grocery shelves
at the end of the year. Pork and beef prices will rise the most.

BYLINE: Christianna McCausland Correspondent

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 803 words


The great drought of 2012 has run its course on America's farms. Grain producers
have harvested shriveled corn and soybean crops. Livestock producers are cutting
back herds to avoid higher feed prices.

But the drought's impact on supermarket store shelves is just about to hit.
Consumers can expect to start seeing the effects near the end of the year in the
meat case and dairy section, spreading to the rest of the grocery store by
mid-2013. The price effects are widespread because the dry spell hit crops
fundamental to America's food supply.

"This drought was timed and located to hit two of the largest field crops in the
United States: field corn and soybeans," says Ricky Volpe, research economist at
the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) in Washington. It affected about 80
percent of agricultural land, the most extensive dry spell since the 1950s, and
resulted in the smallest corn harvest in six years.

Although corn is found, in one way or another, in about 75 percent of all food
at the supermarket, it's chicken, milk, and eggs that will see the first price
jumps, the USDA says. These products get to store shelves the fastest and will
reflect the rise in corn- and soybean-based feed prices for chickens and dairy
cows. Price hikes should kick in before the end of the year followed by
increases in pork and beef prices in early 2013.

But there's a twist with pork: Prices could go lower before they go higher.
Faced with paying more to feed a hog than they can recoup in the marketplace,
farmers are shrinking their herds quickly, causing a temporary glut.

"Pork prices at retail will moderate somewhat in the fourth quarter of this
year, as a record number of market hogs will be coming to market," says Shane
Ellis, an extension field specialist for Iowa State University who is based in
Carroll, Iowa. "This may be the best time for consumers to stock up as the
supply of hogs will start to decline by early next year."

Beef supply was already declining before the drought hit, so consumers can
expect the price of beef and other proteins to rise 4 to 6 percent in 2013, says
Mike Miller, senior vice president for global marketing and research at the
National Cattlemen's Beef Association in Centennial, Colo. Beef prices could
rise by the same amount in the following two to three years.

"We've had a drought in the southern part of the US for the last three years, so
this is one more straw - hopefully we haven't broken the camel's back," says Mr.
Miller. "As an industry, we were optimistic 2012 would be the year [the herd
would] grow. Due to everything that's happened, it will be another year that
we'll decline slightly."

The drought's impact on packaged and processed foods will take longer to trickle
down, about 10 to 12 months by USDA calculations. The pinch shouldn't be as
severe as with meat. "In a given year, given normal conditions, we would expect
retail prices to increase about 2.8 to 2.9 percent. If you look at 2013, we'll
be at 3 to 4 percent," Mr. Volpe says. "Food price inflation is on the rise, not
entirely due to drought."

There are ways to minimize the impact of the drought on your grocery bill, says
Meg Favreau, senior editor at Wise Bread, a personal finance and frugal living
website in Los Angeles. For example:

·Buy meat now, freeze for later. A chest freezer, which will allow buying and
freezing in larger quantities, could add to the savings. "It's worth it to
crunch the numbers for your family to see if the chest freezer would pay off,"
says Ms. Favreau.

·Look at alternatives. "I recommend using meat more as a flavoring agent than
the main source of protein," says Favreau. Test-drive soy or almond milk in
place of regular milk. Also, buy stronger, aged cheeses because a little goes a
long way.

·Research your shopping habits. "Keep your receipts, analyze what you're buying
and paying, and then look at other grocery stores and see how much items are at
those stores," says Favreau. It may not work for everyone, but if you can
stagger shopping across a few stores, the savings can add up.

·Shop ethnic. Ethnic markets often have better deals on everything from rice,
noodles, and soy sauce to produce.

·Shop superstores wisely. Research places like Costco or Sam's Club before
joining. How far away is the store? How much is the membership fee? How often
will you go and what will you buy? "If you're buying too much and throwing
things out because they've gone bad, that's not really worth it," Favreau says.

But it's not all doom and gloom at the grocery. "The lone bright spot for
con-sumers in 2012 is that while the weather has been tough for our field crops
and animals, it's been excellent for many of our fruit and vegetable crops,"
says the USDA's Volpe. Despite one early freeze in the fruit belt, USDA is
predicting deflation in fresh produce prices.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Farming remains backbone of local economy

BYLINE: Jesse Campbell, Jefferson Post, West Jefferson, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


Oct. 17--WEST JEFFERSON -- Even with the effects of a national recession still
being felt on the home front, agriculture remains a viable industry in Ashe
County.

In fact, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, farming and
cultivation remains the largest industry in the county. Currently, agriculture
is valued at $104.5 million with 1,140 farms totaling 112,462 acres.

It will come as no surprise to many that Christmas trees continue to be a major
cash crop in the High Country.

According to a fact sheet from the North Carolina Cooperative Extension, Ashe
County realized $85 million in Christmas trees and greenery production in 2015.

Also, there are more than 12,000 acres of land in Christmas trees and greenery
production, making Ashe the largest tree producing county in the United States.
More than 3.5 million trees were harvested in 2015.

With a thriving industry comes additions to the labor market, which puts money
back into the local economy.

Christmas trees provide 700 year round jobs and more than 2,000 jobs seasonally,
according to the cooperative extension.

But evergreen trees aren't the only major source of revenue for the industry.

A drive through the county any fall afternoon can show a new trend taking root,
as pumpkins have emerged as leading cash crop locally.

There are now more than 900 acres of pumpkins in production valued at more than
$5.5 million.

The cattle market continues to be a strong entity locally. Livestock sales in
Ashe exceeded $9.4 million in 2015. There are currently 16,600 head of cattle,
363 goats and 964 head of sheep that comprise the local livestock industry.

And what would the livestock industry be without a supportive feed network?

More than 11,000 acres of hay were harvested last year, according the NCCE.

Several lesser known crops are also supplementing the local farmer's market.

More than 30 million strawberry plants were grown here in 2015. And more than 20
beekeepers meet monthly to learn the best practices for bee keeping and honey
production throughout the county.

Also, vegetable production continues to increase with more than $500,000
realized in local food production in 2014.

___ (c)2016 the Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, N.C.) Visit the Jefferson Post
(West Jefferson, N.C.) at www.jeffersonpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161017-1WJ-Farming-remains-backbone-of-local-economy-1017-20161017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WJ


                         Copyright 2016 Jefferson Post


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 1, 1980, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

ORGANIC FARMING,BRITISH STYLE,PAYS OFF;
UPAVON, England

BYLINE: By PATRICIA WELLS

SECTION: Section C; Page 3, Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 773 words


TEN years ago, Barry Wookey stopped using chemical fertilizers on a small
portion of his 1,600-acre wheat farm southwest of London. He'd read Rachel
Carson's ''Silent Spring,'' and though his father and grandfather before him had
advocated progressive farming, Mr. Wookey had his doubts about what chemicals
were doing to the land and the food.

Then, Mr. Wookey was branded as a crank by neighboring farmers and the minister
of agriculture. But no more.  Today, with the price of chemical fertilizers and
insecticides rising by the season, and with increasing concern for food safety
and the environment, Mr. Wookey and his fellow organic farmers around the world
are more than curiosities.

''Not many of my neighbors are committing themselves yet,'' said the gentlemanly
Briton over a small glass of midday sherry. ''But at least there's some interest
now.''

So much interest, in fact, that the United States Department of Agriculture sent
a study team across the United States, to Europe and Japan last year to assess
the state of the world organic movement.

While researchers found that men like Mr. Wookey still make up only 1 percent of
the world's farmers, the study team concluded that organic farming should be
seriously investigated as a means to conserve both energy and natural resources.

Like the majority of organic farmers consulted in the study, Mr.  Wookey, now
54, had several years of chemical farming experience before shifting to organic
methods, and found little change in crop yields and profits as a result of the
shift. Currently, he cultivates 662 acres organically, with remaining fields
scheduled to shift from chemical fertilizers to organic during the decade.

Grain from chemical fields is sold to commercial mills, while all of the organic
wheat, including hard winter and spring varieties for bread, are milled into
wholemeal flour to sell at the Wookey mill in nearby Rushall. There, the mill
foreman, who also happens to be a professional baker, bakes it into bread every
Tuesday and Friday.

The mill has become popular with school groups and tourists, who wander through
this storybook countryside, full of thatched roof houses and geranium-filled
windowboxes.

Mr. Wookey's cottage industry is also typical of organic farmers everywhere, who
find they can often fetch higher prices for food certified as organically grown.
The Agriculture Department report recommends the development of direct marketing
and certified standards to assure that organically produced foods are properly
labeled and distributed.

Researchers found little difference between the European and American approach
to the organic system, but discovered an unusual movement in Japan. There,
particularly around large metropolitan areas, groups of 10 to 15 families are
now contracting with a single farmer to grow all of their produce. The families
agree to furnish some labor for weeding and cultivating during the growing
season, and in turn the farmer guarantees that fruit and vegetables will be
organically grown.

The study - which marks the first time this nonchemical approach has been given
serious consideration by the United States Government - was commissioned by
Secretary of Agriculture Bob Bergland after he visited an organic farmer in his
native Minnesota. Mr. Bergland discovered that the neighboring farmer, Paul
Billberg, had shifted from chemical to organic farming six years earlier, and
that his soil had improved, with crop yields up, production costs down and
animals healthier.

Though Mr. Wookey has never met Mr. Billberg, the Agriculture Department study
shows they have much in common.  Mr. Wookey said he was now committed to the
organic way, but there were days when he was convinced that the state farm
minister's primary assignment was ''to keep me quiet.'' To date, he has had no
governmental support, but works with the British Soil Association, a nonprofit
group, trying to persuade the British Government and the nation's farmers to
consider their methods.

The study notes that most American and European organic farmers feel they have
been neglected by their governments and universities.  It urges universities to
institute courses on organic farming, both to benefit American farms and to
develop models for third world nations.

To demonstrate the Government's commitment to the organic movement, the
Agriculture Department has appointed a permanent organic resources coordinator
to follow up on the team's recommendations.

The study, entitled, ''Report and Recommendations on Organic Farming,'' can be
purchased through the Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

USAID imparts agriculture business training to 64 specialists

BYLINE:  ALI HUSSAIN

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 268

LENGTH: 441  words


The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) imparted agri
business training to 64 specialists of agriculture ministries from
Khyber-Pakhtunkhawa, Gilgit-Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh and
Balochistan to help strengthen their capacity building in the agriculture
sector.

The 10-day training on modern techniques for farm-business and irrigation
systems was sponsored by the United States government and the successful
candidates were awarded training completion certificates on Wednesday. The main
purpose of the training course was to help improve on-farm productivity and
profitability, product quality, and water management.

Speaking on the occasion, USAID Country Director Jonathan Conley said that
Pakistan holds lucrative farming opportunities if modern techniques are applied
properly and efficiently. Pakistan being an agriculture country contributes 44
percent to the national economy, however, it could be increased if modern
techniques are applied properly, he added.

"The US government is committed to helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture
sector - thus providing a boost to the country's economy," he added. He said the
training participants will use the new information to counsel farmers in their
respective regions as how to improve farm business, set up agriculture
co-operation stores, improve storage and on-farm processing, and develop market
linkages.

He said that farming in the mountain areas likewise Azad Jammu and Kashmir, and
Gilgit-Baltistan, has always been a challenge for agriculture extension workers
and researchers. He said that Pakistan's agricultural sector is a major employer
of the country's labor force. However, the sector lacks modern technologies and
knowledge to make its products competitive.

He further said the US government works with the government and businesses in
the sector to introduce international quality standards, renovate irrigation
systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profitability by identifying
better markets, both locally and internationally.

"I am glad that USAID has provided me skills to raise awareness regarding
agri-business among AJK farmers and especially the female farmers who have a
lead role in farming activities," said Amna Rafi, Assistant Director at AJK
Agriculture Department and one of the participants of the 10-day training.
Ghulam Mustafa, Deputy Director, Department of Agriculture Gilgit-Baltistan who
was also part of the training told the participants that the training remained
very useful for the agriculture specialists to pass on the skills to the local
formers, which would help further enhance productivity.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 29, 1987 Thursday

Farmers in danger: official

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: Regina SK


Canadian Press
  REGINA
  Free trade would hurt farmers in both Canada and the United States, says
a Minnesota agriculture official.

State agriculture commissioner Jim Nichols said the Canada-U.S. trade
agreement would benefit only large grain companies, food processors, oil
companies, bankers and California fruit and vegetable growers.

He said Canadian cattle producers would be swamped by U.S. beef fed on
cheap corn while U.S. pork producers would have to contend with Canadian
imports that are cheaper because of the cheaper Canadian dollar.

And because the United States would be assured access to Canadian oil
and gas, attempts to make surplus grain into ethanol would be halted, he
said.

'(Prime Minister Brian) Mulroney sold you guys out cheap,' Mr.  Nichols told a
group of about 35 people attending a farm conference.

He also criticized the U.S. Government's agriculture subsidies. Mr.
Nichols is co-author of a bill before the U.S. Congress that he hopes will
replace the 1985 Farm Bill and provide production controls, fair interest
rates and debt restructuring.

He said the cheap-food policy hurts farmers and distorts Third World
economies but does not help consumers. The only ones benefitting are major
importers, such as the Soviet Union, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        February 3, 1988, Wednesday, ME2

Most farmers will be hurt by free trade Riddell says

BYLINE: By Larry Welsh Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 146 words


   Canada's free trade agreement with the United States will hurt Ontario
agriculture, even though it may benefit some farmers, Ontario's agriculture
minister says.

Fruit and vegetable growers will be especially hard hit while some sectors, led
by red meat producers, will do better under free trade, Jack Riddell said
yesterday.

But over-all, the "agreement would cost our farmers approximately $100 million
in lost farm cash income (a year)," he told the Ontario Vegetable Growers'
Marketing Board annual meeting.

"And that only takes into account our farmers. It doesn't include the
potentially serious losses in the food processing sector."

Ontario's fruit and vegetable growers will lose $50 million a year in net income
by eliminating tariffs on shipments between the two countries, a study released
Monday by Riddell's ministry estimates.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            June 14, 2003, Saturday

USDA PREDICTS STABILISATION OF CATTLE HERD

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 281 words


DELAYED rebuilding of the US cattle herd and lighter average carcase weights
have been factored into the latest United States Department of Agriculture
forecast for the country's beef production.

This forecast is for 11.9 million tonnes (carcase weight) in 2003, down only
three per cent on last year's record level and one per cent higher than forecast
in January.

The USDA predicts stabilisation of the country's cattle herd, and subsequent
female cattle retention will be dependent on an improvement of moisture and
forage conditions, expected in the forthcoming US spring and summer.

Similar to the Australia and Canada, drought, and subsequent tight forage
supplies, have hindered the US herd in entering a rebuilding phase.

As a result of the drought and severe winter weather, cow slaughter was up five
per cent from last year in the year to May, consisting of a five per cent
increase in both dairy cows and beef cow slaughter.

Beef cow slaughter is forecast to decline below year-ago levels in the US summer
and even more in the US autumn if favourable forage conditions eventuate.

Total cow slaughter averaged 5.75 million head over the past three years, with
the USDA forecasting this to fall by seven per cent, to 5.35 million head in
2004, with producers retaining heifers and cows for rebuilding.

US beef production is forecast to approach last year's level in the latter half
of 2003, totalling 6.3 million tonnes (cw) with an increase in cattle slaughter
offsetting the lower average carcase weights.

Early ('current') marketing by cattle feeders, and increased cow slaughter, have
contributed to the lighter average carcase weights.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 10, 2005 Sunday

Expert sees adequate supplies of corn, beans; Crop prices decline sharply from
last year

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 671 words


It must be spring. The grass is greening, baby calves are everywhere and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture released its annual Prospective Plantings Report.

The department placed this year's corn acreage 1 percent higher than last year.
Projected corn acreage, at 81.4 million, was somewhat below average trade
expectations, but, if realized, will be the largest corn acreage since 1985.

"It could still give us a corn crop, if we use a trend yield, in the
neighborhood of 10.8 billion bushels," said Keith Collins, chief economist for
the agriculture department. "So, even though this figure for corn might not be
as high as some people suggest, it still suggests a very strong production
possibility for the 2005 crop."

Last year's corn crop produced 11.8 billion bushels.

Soybean acreage, meanwhile, was down 2 percent from last year, influenced by
Asian soybean rust fears in the South.

Assuming trend yields based on the intended acreage in the Agriculture
Department report, we should see adequate supplies of corn and beans for the
2005-06 marketing year, according to Darrel Good, a marketing specialist for the
University of Illinois Extension.

"Stocks would remain relatively high for corn and soybeans for another year,"
Good said. "The market will watch the development of the United States crop for
any indication of deviation from trend yield. Soybean rust will garner special
attention. In addition, the development of the world wheat crop and the Chinese
corn crop will be monitored to judge potential export demand for crops in the
United States."

Based on the Agriculture Department's Grain Stocks Report, also released March
31, Good said corn supplies at the end of this marketing year look to be the
largest in 17 years and should keep pressure on prices. March 1 soybean supplies
were up 52 percent from a year earlier.

In the meantime, crop prices have dropped considerably from last year. The
Agriculture Department reported cash corn prices across the United States
averaged $2.03 per bushel, up 8 cents from February but 72 cents below March
2004. The soybean price, at $6.28 per bushel, increased 86 cents from February
but is $3 below March 2004.

Iowa farmers said they intend to increase corn acreage by almost a percentage
point from 2004. Illinois corn acreage is expected to jump 2.1 percent, while
Wisconsin farmers are increasing corn acreage by 2.8 percent.

Iowa farmers also said they intend to find more room for soybeans, increasing
acreage by 1 percent from last year. Illinois bean acreage was projected to fall
2.5 percent, and Wisconsin farmers said their soybean acres will drop 3.1
percent.

The International Trade Commission recently ruled that live swine imports from
Canada have not injured the domestic market in the United States. The
commission's vote means duties ranging up to 18.87 percent assessed by the
Commerce Department will not be imposed.

The ruling was welcomed by the Pork Trade Action Coalition, which opposed the
duties.

"This is a victory for the hundreds of American farmers who have adapted to the
advantages offered by NAFTA and who would have been devastated by the proposed
duties," said John R. Block, former U.S. secretary of agriculture and senior
adviser to the Pork Trade Action Coalition.

"The overall hog industry is more efficient," he said. "Swine imports from
Canada are just 3.3 percent of the total American market. More importantly, U.S.
hog prices are near record levels, and the U.S. herd is growing."

The National Pork Producers Council, which filed the ITC petition, did not see
it that way.

"Canadian producers enjoy an unfair advantage over U.S. producers due to
government subsidies, which shield producers north of the border from market
losses and signal to reduce production," said Don Buhl, president of the
National Pork Producers Council.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           October 11, 2003, Saturday

GIVING TOOLS FOR STABILITY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 348 words


AVOIDING the fickle hand of fate through risk management will be the subject of
a conference at Harper Adams University College, Shropshire, this month.

'The Management of Farming Risk' is a conference designed to identify potential
pitfalls, such as bad weather, pest infestation, disease, changing market prices
or changing legislation.

Delegates will leave with the strategies and tools they need to minimise the
effect of such risks and achieve business stability.

A spokesman for the conference organisers said: "The UK agricultural industry is
in the midst of major structural change, driven by the globalisation of markets.

"World demand for food will grow relentlessly. Consumers are also more
demanding.

"A balance is needed to manage business risk whilst remaining competitive in
this turbulent environment.

"Risk Management cannot make a fundamentally unprofitable business profitable.

"Risk Management can however help protect a farmer's assets and their hard
earned money from the risks associated with farming.

"By being a practitioner of Risk Management, a farmer can have greater control
over the risks and financial returns, contributing significantly to ongoing
business stability."

A panel of speakers will make presentations to the conference and chair a series
of workshops.

They include Nelson Maurice, senior underwriter at the United States Department
of Agriculture's Risk Management Agency, Barrie Florey, Head of Rural Affairs
and Environment at Harper Adams and Roger Mercer, Managing Director of Mercer
Farming Ltd.

Christine Tacon, General Manager of farmcare (part of the Co-operative Group)
and a member of the imple- mentation group for the Government's Strategy for
Sustainable Food & Farming, will also join the panel.

'The Management of Farming Risk' will take place at Harper Adams' Shropshire
campus on Wednesday, October 29, 2003.

Places are still available, costing just pounds 94 per person and application
forms can be requested from Conference Administrator Carol Evans on +44 (0) 1952
820 280.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 16, 1988, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Grain futures surge, farmers' hopes fade

BYLINE: Deborah Hargreaves, Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 394 words

DATELINE: Chicago,IL.


  As temperatures soar in cloudless skies across the U.S. farm belt, farmers are
in fear for their crops amid a surge in farm commodity prices on Chicago's
futures exchanges.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has declared a drought emergency in 18 states
as cattle pasture conditions have reached their poorest levels since the Dust
Bowl of 1934. In testimony before Congress on Tuesday, Richard Lyng, U.S.
secretary of agriculture, said major parts of the U.S. are nearing a crop
disaster caused by dry weather.

Livestock farmers have been worst-hit so far as the drought has dried up
pastures and forced some of them to send cattle to market earlier than usual
because of a lack of grazing.

In the corn belt, the next two weeks are crucial to the fate of corn and soybean
crops.

''In two more weeks, we will be getting past the time for planting more soybeans
and past the point of return for corn,'' said David Senter at the American
Agriculture Movement, a farm pressure group. Farmers in Illinois can usually
plant soybeans until the beginning of July to replace seeds that did not
germinate at the first planting.

Crop yields are already expected to be low this year because the drought has
occurred so soon after farmers in the Midwest completed their plantings,
depriving seeds of moisture for germination. In addition, farmers with
irrigation systems are being forced to use them two months earlier than usual,
which substantially pushes up their costs of production.

Commodity traders at the Chicago Board of Trade have seized on the drought to
extend the surge in grain prices, which were already soaring this year, as the
U.S. pulls itself out of its farm crisis. Trading in the exchange's grain
futures contracts has been frenzied as farmers have also rushed to hedge against
crop damage in a long drought.

But grain prices have staged wide swings in the past couple of days amid
uncertainty about the outlook for the weather.

Steve Freed, grains analyst at Dean Witter, said traders on the exchange floor
have become nervous this week about the soaring prices. ''A US$9 soybean price
(per bushel) is scary; it doesn't get there very often and it's a little too
early to be getting excited about a drought. Grain traders are looking for some
indication that the drought has really set in,'' Freed said.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                         September 10, 2003, Wednesday

FARMING BRIEFS: US URGED TO INTRODUCE ANIMAL IDS

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 295 words


THE National Pork Producers' Council has urged the United States Department of
Agriculture to accelerate implementation of a national animal identification
system to ensure a rapid response to any foreign animal disease.

A public-private development team led by USDA's Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS) has promised to unveil such a scheme for review and
comment by early next month.

Discovery of a cow infected with BSE in Canada last May has put pressure on the
team to speed up its timelines for implementation.

"It is critical that a uniform national premises and animal identification
system evolves and moves forward rapidly to protect swine health and the
financial viability of the US pork industry," NPPC president, Jon Caspers, said.

Noting that the pork industry has had mandatory identification requirements
since 1988, Mr Caspers warned: "Not having a co-ordinated across-species
mandatory identification system has the potential to devastate the US swine herd
and cause incalculable costs.

"An enhanced system is needed to maintain and strengthen the health and
biosecurity of the US livestock herd by providing timely and effective tracing
in case of a disease event."

Mr Caspers, who is a member of the team developing the draft plan, said the
proposed system should be "accurate, effective and affordable for pork
producers".

"We are ready to work closely with APHIS to further develop and refine the
systems currently in place to enhance animal disease monitoring, surveillance
and control and eradication in the US. Without an enhanced system in place, we
remain vulnerable to disease and the threat of targeted bioterrorism aimed at
harming US livestock and reducing confidence in our food supply."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tico Times (San Jose, Costa Rica)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 10, 2010 Wednesday

Agro institute: Invest in Haitian farming

BYLINE: Mike McDonald, The Tico Times, San Jose, Costa Rica

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Feb. 10--The Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture's (IICA)
general director, Victor Villalobos, called on the international community on
Tuesday to invest in a post-earthquake agricultural program in Haiti.

The new plan will cost $700 million, IICA estimates.

Institute officials said the money will be used for 20 different projects in
Haiti, including buying seeds and farming equipment, repairing and modernizing
damaged fields, reforesting and establishing farmer credit and insurance
programs. Funds will also help move some of the 1.5 million city dwellers that
were displaced by the Jan. 12 earthquake to rural areas.

Beginning Wednesday, representatives of Haiti's Agriculture, Natural Resources
and Rural Development Ministry will be visiting Italy, Canada, and the United
States in the company of IICA and United Nations officials to promote projects
among top level officials of these countries' international cooperation and
agriculture agencies.

"One dollar invested in agriculture and rural Haiti profits more (people) more
quickly than one invested in any other non-agricultural sector," Villalobos said
of the devastated industry.

According to IICA, 55 percent of Haitians already live in rural areas, the
highest proportion of rural residents of any country in the Americas. Still, its
principal agricultural products record the worst growth rates in the region.

For example, in the United States, one hectare of planted corn yields
approximately 10 tons. Between 2003 and 2007, the same size crop in Haiti
yielded less than one ton.

Villalobos said an investment in Haitian agriculture improvements can "help
generate employment, income and better living conditions for the poorest sectors
of this population."

Since the earthquake, IICA has set up a station in the Dominican Republic to
assist Haiti's agriculture ministry.

To see more of The Tico Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nicatimes.net/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tico Times, San Jose, Costa
Rica Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100210-1TT-Agro-institute-Invest-in-Haitian-farming-0210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1TT


                                 Copyright 2010


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 13, 1994, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Record crops in U.S.

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 59, International Business

LENGTH: 59 words


American farmers this fall will harvest the biggest corn and soybean crops ever
produced in the U.S., the Agriculture Department predicted yesterday. In a
closely watched report, the government estimated that farmers will reap a huge
9.602 billion bushels of corn and it said this year's soybean crop will total a
record 2.458 billion bushels.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Afghanistan team to meet Nalanda, Muzaffarpur farmers

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 208 words


PATNA: Impressed with the record production of paddy and vegetables in Bihar, a
team of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) of Afghanistan will
interact with the farmers of Nalanda and Muzaffarpur districts during their
weeklong stay in Bihar from Wednesday.

Senior scientist from the USDA, Pradip Pattnaik, on Tuesday met agriculture
secretary Vivek Kumar Singh here and said the team of small and marginal farmers
from the two provinces of Khost and Paktiya in Afghanistan would visit several
villages in the two districts.

The team, led by Mohammad Ali from Khost, would visit Musahari, Bochaha,
Minapur, Saraiya, Kanti, Dholi and Motipur in Muzaffarpur district and would
interact with the farmers engaged in honey production, floriculture, dairy
farming, mushroom cultivation, litchi farming, sugarcane and poultry farming.
They would also meet the officials of horticulture and agriculture department in
these blocks.

Another team of Afghan farmers from Paktiya province, led by Mohammad Mustaffa,
includes four couples. They would visit Nagarnausa, Noorsarai, Harnaut, Chandi,
Silao, Pawapuri, Rajgir and Islampur and meet the potato growers and those
engaged in fruit and vegetable production.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 9, 2008 Monday
                                  City Edition

Report has global warming news for farmers

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 433 words


While believers in global warming fight a rear-guard action against a dwindling
but still vociferous number of skeptics, pragmatists have begun preparing to
cope with the reality.

A case in point is the report released late last month by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Heed should be paid to its major points in a state where researchers say that
one in three jobs is related to agriculture.

"Climate changes - temperature increases, increasing CO2 levels and altered
patterns of precipitation - are already affecting U.S. water resources,
agriculture, land resources and biodiversity," the report said.

Much of the report is highly technical, focusing on topics such as the
implication of the finding that temperatures above 30 degrees Celsius
"in­creasingly impaired cell division and amyloplast replication in maize
kernels."

Other points are more easily grasped. Among those most likely to be of interest
in Nebraska are:

- Many weeds respond more positively to increasing CO2 than most cash crops.
Recent research also suggests that glyphosate, the most widely used herbicide in
the United States (such as Roundup), loses its efficacy on weeds grown at the
increased levels of CO2 that are likely in the coming decades.

- Assuming there is an adequate supply of water, the higher temperatures and
higher carbon dioxide levels that are a part of global warming could boost
soybean yields by 9.9 percent in the Midwest but reduce corn yields by 3
percent.

- Current climate trends are likely to continue, with the West and Southwest
likely to become drier and the eastern United States likely to receive more
rainfall. "Heat waves are very likely to be hotter, longer and more frequent,
and heavy rainfall is likely to become more frequent," the report states.

- With increased CO2, the life cycle of grain and oilseed crops will likely
progress more rapidly. But as temperature rises, these crops will increasingly
begin to experience failure, especially if climate variability increases and
precipitation lessens or becomes more variable.

- Higher temperatures will very likely reduce livestock production during the
summer season, but these losses will very likely be partially offset by higher
temperatures during the winter season.

Taken as a whole, the USDA report is simultaneously unsettling and reassuring.

The report drives home the point that Nebraskans cannot remain complacent about
global warming. The same trends that imperil polar bears in Arctic regions
threaten livelihoods here in Nebraska.

But it's encouraging that groundwork has begun to help farmers and ranchers find
ways to cope.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 1, 2004 Sunday

U.S. soybean sales to China rise by 40%

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Business; Pg. b2

LENGTH: 197 words


Brazil, the United States' chief competitor for world soybean markets, is
expected to export more than 26 million tons of soybeans this year, up from 21
million tons last year.

According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the United States expects to
export 24.5 million tons of soybeans, down 4 million tons from last year.

But Iowa State University economist Robert Wisner notes this year's sales have
been brisk, already at 91 percent of the department's 2003-2004 projections.

Fortunately for American growers, major soybean importer China seems to prefer
American soybeans. U.S. soybean sales to China are booming, up more than 40
percent from a year ago.

"The big question mark is Asian rust - will that come on strong?" Wisner said.

The disease has been found in Brazil and it could be a number of years before
researchers find rust-resistant soybean strains.

Brazil still threatens to eclipse the United States in soybean production.
Wisner points out Brazil still has a huge amount of land that could be developed
for crop production. Untapped acreage in Brazil is at least as large as the U.S.
corn, wheat, soybean and cotton acreage combined.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 1, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid To Farmers Unchanged

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 31


Prices farmers got for raw products in March, on the average, were unchanged
from a revised February index and also a year ago, the Agriculture Department
said today.

The report said higher prices for lettuce, cotton, cattle and tomatoes were
offset by lower prices for milk, hogs, strawberries, eggs and sweet corn, which
held the preliminary March reading at the revised February average.

Food grains and livestock feed grains, and oilseeds showed little change during
the month, the report said. Corn and wheat were down one cent a bushel each,
while soybean prices were unchanged.

''The all-beef cattle price has continued to increase since January,'' the
report said. ''Calves were at the highest price level since November 1980. Hog
prices dropped after showing small gains in February.''

No new figures were reported to show what happened to prices paid by farmers to
meet expenses. The most recent average computed in January showed farm expenses
running six-tenths of 1 percent higher than last October but 1.2 percent below a
year earlier.

The ''prices paid'' index is revised only once every three months because of a
cutback in funds. Meanwhile, the January figures were carried forward into
March, with the next revision scheduled in April.

Crop prices over all rose 2 percent from February but were down 9 percent from a
year ago, reflecting lower price supports and huge stockpiles of key
commodities, including corn and wheat, that have built up in recent years.

In a related report, the United States Department of Agriculture said the March
1 inventory of corn was estimated at 8.25 billion bushels, up 25 percent from
6.59 billion bushels a year earlier. Wheat stocks were put at 2.25 billion
bushels, down fractionally from March 1, 1986, and the soybean inventory, at
1.38 billion bushels, was up about 1 percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph shows a general decrease in farm prices (Source: Agricultural
Department)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Agriculture in Brief: 11/14/2015

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 275 words


Nov. 13--Survey will help shape MSU Extension

EAST LANSING -- Michigan State University is offering a 15-20 minute online
survey to help shape its AgBioResearch program and MSU Extension over the next
five years. These organizations provide opportunities to Michigan residents,
businesses and communities. The survey is available at http://bit.ly/1QtlhL6.
Contact coordinator Bruce E. Haas at haasb@msu.edu with any questions.

Statewide yields expected to set records

LANSING -- Michigan producers expect to harvest record statewide yields for
corn, soybeans and sugarbeets this year, the United States Department of
Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics Service Great Lakes Regional
Office said.

The state's corn yield is up six bushels from last year to 167 bushels per acre.
Total production is expected to be 342 million bushels. Michigan's corn for
grain harvest was about 60 percent complete as of Nov. 1, ahead of the average
progress of 50 percent by that date.

Michigan soybean yield is forecast at a record 48 bushels per acre, up 5.5
bushels from 2014. Production is expected to total 97.9 million bushels. Harvest
was 90 percent complete as of Nov. 1. Rains at the end of October were the only
thing delaying completion of the harvest.

Sugarbeet growers expect a yield of 31.5 tons per acre, up 2.2 tons from 2014.
Production is forecast at 4.76 million tons. Harvest was 72 percent complete as
of Nov. 1, but harvest had been suspended because of unseasonably warm
temperatures.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151113-ZK-Agriculture-in-11-14-2015-1113-20151113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 30, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid Farmers Rose 3.7% in June

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 29


The prices that farmers received for raw products rose 3.7 percent in June above
May's levels, a drought-related jump that carried the overall price index up 6.9
percent from a year ago.

The Agriculture Department said today in a preliminary report that higher prices
for soybeans, corn and wheat contributed most to the June increase. Lower prices
for cattle and peaches partly offset the rise in other commodities.

''Most grain prices moved up sharply in June, reflecting the widespread
drought,'' the report by the Agricultural Statistics Board said. ''The average
soybean price was at the highest level since May of 1977 and the fifth highest
on record. Corn and wheat also moved up sharply to the highest levels since
August of 1985 and May of 1984, respectively.''

Effect on Consumers

The department now expects consumer food prices to rise 3 to 5 percent this
year, compared with a 4.2 percent average increase in 1987. Before the drought
took hold, the department was predicting a 1988 rise of 2 to 4 percent.

According to the preliminary June figures, based mostly on mid-month averages,
the index for crop prices was up 10 percent from May and averaged 18 percent
more than a year ago. The livestock price index dropped 2.6 percent from May and
averaged 1.3 percent below the level a year ago.

Prices of feed grains and hay - in great demand for livestock in the drought
areas - rose 20 percent from May to June, averaging 40 percent above a year ago.

Prices of food grains, mostly wheat but including rice, rose 14 percent during
the month. The June index was up 49 percent from June 1987. The entire May-June
rise resulted from higher wheat prices, while rice prices declined during the
month.

The index of prices for oil-bearing crops, mostly soybeans, jumped 19 percent
from its May average and was 48 percent more than in June 1987. Preliminary
figures showed soybean prices averaged $8.56 a bushel, up $1.57 from May.

Cattle Prices Drop

Lower prices for cattle and calves were mostly responsible for the June decline
in the livestock price index. Prices of beef cattle fell to an average of $65.20
per hundredweight in June from $69.30 in May. Calf prices dropped $6.70, to
$86.70, in June.

Many farmers and ranchers have been forced to send cattle to slaughter or to
feedlots as pastures dry up. That has put extra animals on the market and
depressed prices.

The price index for poultry and eggs rose 7.5 percent from May to June and
averaged 11 percent more than a year ago.

The fruit index dropped 6.7 percent from May and averaged 7.1 percent lower than
in June 1987.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of farm prices from 1/87 to 6/88 (Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 18, 2008 Tuesday

President Lee Envisions Danish-Like Farming

BYLINE: By Kim Yon-se

LENGTH: 374 words


Staff Reporter

President Lee Myung-bak expressed Tuesday his wish to upgrade Korea's
agricultural industry to the level of farming-intensive countries in Europe.

The Ministry for Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries said it plans to
establish a Korean version of the agricultural company Cargill to help
facilitate mass production, processing and distribution of agricultural
products.

" There is no reason for us to fail in catching up with Denmark or the
Netherlands," he said in Jeonju, the capital of North Jeolla Province, during a
briefing on agricultural policy in the southwestern city Tuesday.

Lee said the Korean farming sector can become globally competitive like the
shipbuilding, semiconductor, automobile industries.

The agriculture industry has remained at a lower level because the government
underestimated the sector as an industry needing compensation, he said.

"Farmers should stand on their own feet, turning from their past attitude of
dependence on state subsidies," he said. "We should separate the role of the
government from farmers."

Lee wants rural villages to grow into enterprise-like farming areas. "The
government should scout young CEOs from various sectors to head the agricultural
companies."

He reiterated that the farming sector should be part of secondary and tertiary
sectors of industry, not the primary sector so that home-grown farming produce
can be globally competitive.

In addition, the President appealed to farmers to accept the free trade
agreement with the United States, which requires parliamentary ratification of
the two countries before going into effect.

"We cannot reject it," he said. "Instead of merely opposing it, we should
discuss it."

Lee is skeptical over compensation funding to farmers in the future to help them
offset damages following the implementation of the FTA with the United States.

"Despite the government poured nearly 100 trillion won into the agricultural
sector, farmers still ask what the government did for them," he said.

According to the ministry, Korea's farming households number 16 times those in
the Netherlands. But Dutch exports of agricultural produce topped 58.2 billion
won in 2006, while Korea's exports of those goods stood at a mere 2.3 billion
won, it said.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 16, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Soybeans Dip Sharply; Potato Futures Increase

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 9, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 672 words


Government crop and supply reports were given credit for dramatic moves in
soybean and potato futures prices yesterday. Orange juice prices continued to
soar in the aftermath of Florida's damaging cold temperatures.

A Government report revising 1980 domestic grain production estimates was said
to be behind declines in grain and soybean futures prices on the Chicago Board
of Trade. Soybeans dropped the 30-cent daily allowable limit in half of the
contract months.

Traders said selling was influenced by a United States Agriculture Department
report released Wednesday that estimated the fall corn harvest was 186.3 million
bushels more than estimated and that the soybean crop was 42 million bushels
larger than estimated. The figures were substantially below those for last
year's record crops.

Analysts said corn prices lost about 6 cents during the trading session but
moved from the day's lows because of export demand and because traders were
buying to cover short contract positions. Wheat was down about 10 cents, they
said, but it rallied on buying by a large professional house, which in turn
encouraged short-covering by traders.

At the close, soybeans were 20 1/2 cents to 30 cents lower, January $7.72 1/2 a
bushel; oats were 1 1/2 cents to 2 1/2 cents lower, March $2.23 3/4 a bushel;
wheat was 1 1/4 cents to 4 cents lower, March $5.04 a bushel; corn was 1 3/4
cents to 3 3/4 cents lower, March $3.72 1/2 a bushel.

Analyst said potato prices moved up the .50-cent daily allowable limit at the
open and the March and April contracts stayed there for the day.

Strong Demand Cited

Pam Mitchell, an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert, said buying was prompted
by the Government report, released after the close Wednesday, that indicated
strong demand for potatoes. The Government estimate showed the stock of fall
potatoes as of Jan. 1 was 143.96 hundredweight compared with 169.8 million Dec.
1 and 176.02 million January last year.

Potatoes closed on the New York Mercantile Exchange .50 to .52 cent higher,
March 14.98 cents a pound.  Orange juice prices skyrocketed in the fourth
consecutive day of limit advances. Under rules of the New York Cotton Exchange,
the limit, usually 5 cents a pound, was raised, allowing all back months to gain
8 cents and the spot January-delivery contract to post a dramatic 21.40-cent
increase.

The prices that major juice processors charge supermarkets and other retail
outlets generally rose from $2.60 per carton of 12 sixounce cans on Monday to
match the record high of $3.55 by yesterday. At the close yesterday, the January
orange juice futures contract was 114.40 cents a pound.

Metals Close Lower

Metals and sugar prices closed lower after getting a temporary lift from reports
of tension between Lybia and France, analysts said. They said metals fell back
on the feeling that the hostage crisis in Iran might be resolved.

On the Commodity Exchange Inc. in New York, gold was $11.20 to $11.70 lower,
January $558.70 a troy ounce; silver was 44 cents to 50 cents lower, January
$14.82 a troy ounce; copper, which got an extra shove downward from the dismal
auto sales picture, was .70 cent to 1.50 cents lower, January 84.10 cents a
pound. Platinum on the New York Merc was $18.70 to $20 lower, January $536 a
troy ounce.

Sugar on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange was 1 cent to 2.01 cents lower,
March 28.71 cents a pound.  Livestock prices closed mixed. On the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange, live cattle were .25 cent lower to .25 cent higher, January
63.75 cents a pound; feeders were .37 cent lower to .60 cent higher, January
73.85 cents a pound; hogs were .10 cent lower to .45 cent higher, February 46.95
cents a pound; pork bellies were .37 cent to .70 cent higher, February 53.45
cents a pound.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday

Operation Grow introduces veterans to ag industry

BYLINE: Rebecca Croomes, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


May 31--Members of the Alabama Cooperative Extension Service seek to help recent
veterans get jobs by introducing them to the small-scale agriculture industry.

Operation Grow wants to put veterans, not in the fields of battle, but on the
fertile soils of the state to produce crops and raise livestock. With the
unemployment rate unusually high among veterans under 40, this program is the
least civilians can do to give back, said Limestone County Extension Office
Coordinator Chris Becker.

"We as a society have to do a better job to help these guys," Becker said. "That
(unemployment rate) should not happen."

For Operation Grow, small-scale farming means learning to produce a small, but
hearty crop of fruits or vegetables. The Extension is also offering courses in
raising goats or entering the cattle farming business. It's not a commitment to
farming, it's a no-risk introduction to possible civilian careers, Becker said.

If a veteran can start a successful agriculture-based business, he considers the
course successful, but if another veteran attends the course and decides farming
isn't for them, that saves the vet a six-figure loan on land and is therefore
also a success.

In addition to traditional farming, Operation Grow is expanding its lessons into
horticulture, or landscaping and lawn maintenance -- what Extension workers call
green industries.

"It's definitely an area of agriculture that is huge in the state," Becker said.
"We realize that there's room for success."

Currently, Operation Grow is only offered in the Shoals, since the grant for the
program came from the Northwest Alabama Resource Conservation and Development
Council. Becker's agency is working on expanding the grant funds from the state
and United States Department of Agriculture in order to move the classes closer
to military installations across the state. If approved, he plans to have
classes in Limestone County.

"We're kind of excited," he said. "It's catching momentum and picking up steam."

For more information on Operation Grow, contact Chris Becker at 256-232-5510.
While the focus is to help younger veterans find jobs, Becker said there is no
barrier to which veterans can attend, as long as they hold an honorable
discharge.

___ (c)2015 The News Courier (Athens, Ala.) Visit The News Courier (Athens,
Ala.) at enewscourier.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150531-XN-Operation-Grow-introduces-veterans-to-ag-industry-0531-20150531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2015 The News Courier


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 11, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

LARGE GRAIN CROPS SEEN

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 37, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 10


American grain farmers are expected to produce record wheat, corn and soybean
crops this year, while the Soviet Union is expected to harvest its poorest grain
crop since 1975, the Agriculture Department announced today.

The department's Foreign Agricultural Service repeated its earlier estimates of
Russian wheat and coarse grain production at 170 million metric tons, 5 million
tons less than last year's harvest.

The service lowered slightly its August estimate of Russian wheat production but
said corn and other coarse grain crops would be slightly larger than had been
expected last month.

In its forecast of crop conditions as of Sept. 1, the department's Crop
Reporting Board again estimated that this year's American corn crop would exceed
8.32 billion bushels, or 211 million metric tons, virtually unchanged from last
month's estimate. A crop this size would be 1 percent bigger than last year's
record production of 8.2 billion bushels.

Wheat Crop Estimate Raised

The board increased its estimate of the 1982 American wheat crop to a record
2.82 billion bushels, or 76.6 million metric tons, which would be 1 percent
larger than last year's record total.

It also raised slightly its estimate of 1982 soybean production, setting this at
a record 2.31 billion bushels, or 63 million metric tons. This would be 14
percent higher than last year's total.

Virtually all wheat in the United States has now been harvested.  But in the
large corn producing states of the upper Middle West, corn and soybean crops are
still maturing, and in those areas these could be reduced by early frosts.

The unusually large grain crops that most of the major grain exporting nations
are harvesting, coming on top of last year's record production in all these
countries, held little hope for an improvement in American grain prices.

Cotton Down Substantially

Cotton is the only major crop expected to be substantially smaller than last
year. The department estimated 1982 cotton production at 11 million bales, 30
percent smaller than the 1981 crop.

In its latest estimate of Soviet grain production, the department said that
rainy weather had damaged part of the wheat crop in that country. By contrast,
generally favorable harvest weather in the southern areas of the Soviet Union
had aided corn and other coarse grain yields.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 1, 1980, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid To Farmers Up by 0.4%;
October Goods 11% Above '79

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 2; Page 40, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 459 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 31


Prices that farmers received for their products edged up by four-tenths of 1
percent in October from the month before, remaining at record levels and showing
an increase of 11 percent over a year ago, the Agriculture Department reported
today.

The rate of increase was not so steep as in September, when farm prices jumped 2
percent.  The October price increase was paced by milk, oranges, wheat, hogs,
soybeans and grapefruit. Declines from September to October were posted by
potatoes, cotton, apples, eggs, lettuce and tobacco.

Costs Up at Faster Rate

The Agriculture Department reported that farmers' costs from mid-September to
mid-October rose at a faster rate than prices, jumping seven-tenths of 1
percent, up 12 percent from a year ago. The cost index is based on prices paid
for commodities, services, interest, taxes and farm wages. Higher prices for
replacing livestock, feed and family living items accounted for most of the
increase.

Prices for potatoes, sweet potatoes and dry edible beans decreased 24 percent
from September, the department said. Potatoes declined $2.21 a hundredweight, to
$4.62. Still, the prices were 41 percent higher than a year ago.

Prices for dairy products rose 3.1 percent, it added. The average price of milk
sold to plants and dealers was $23.60 a hundredweight, up 40 cents, or 8
percent, from September. All dairy products rose 8 percent over a year ago.

Food Grains Rise 5 Percent

Prices for food grains rose 5 percent. Wheat averaged $4.19 a bushel, an
increase of 20 cents, and rice jumped to $10.70 a hundredweight, a 50-cent
increase. Both were up 5 percent over a year ago.

Cotton prices fell 7.4 percent. Upland cotton in early to mid-October averaged
76.4 cents a pound, 5.9 cents lower than September. But the price was 24 percent
higher than a year ago.

Prices for feed grains and hay increased 2.3 percent through mid-October.
Mid-October sorghum brought $5.345 a hundredweight, up 23 cents from September.
Corn rose 2 cents, to $3.03 a bushel. Barley averaged $2.81 a bushel, up 16
cents. The price of oats, at $1.68, was up 5 cents a bushel. Hay averaged $74.60
a ton, $4.10 higher than September. All feed grains and hay were 26 percent
higher than a year ago.

Prices for oil seed crops rose 3.3 percent from September and 20 percent over
October 1979. Soybeans were at $7.82 a bushel, up 23 cents; cottonseed, at $124
a ton, was up $9; peanuts increased 0.7 cent a pound, to 21.4 cents, and
flaxseed was down 9 cents a bushel, to $7.08.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 13, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Grains, Soybeans Rise On Foreign-Sale Rumor

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 402 words


Grain and soybean futures prices rose a little yesterday amid rumors of foreign
demand, some of which were confirmed following the close.

During the session, there were numerous rumors that China and the Soviet Union
were in the market for sizable amounts of soybeans and that the Soviet Union,
China and India were buying wheat and corn.

After the close, the United States Agriculture Department said private exporters
reported the sale of 100,000 tons of wheat to unknown destinations and 400,000
tons of wheat and 325,000 tons of corn to the Soviet Union.

Analysts said European markets were active as the United States dollar declined
against foreign currencies, a development that improves the exchange rate and so
tends to encourage foreign buying.

Higher Bids Reported

Meanwhile, a major exporting concern reportedly increased its bids on soybeans
in the cash market at Gulf of Mexico export locations.

Some traders were reportedly evening up their contract positions ahead of the
Agriculture Department's crop production report released after the close.

It projected that the United States corn crop now being harvested would be a
record 8.1 billion bushels, up 22 percent from last year's crop and slightly
more than projected a month ago. Soybean production was put at 2.08 billion
bushels, up 16 percent from the 1980 harvest of 1.82 billion bushels and 1
percent lower than what was forecast a month ago. Analysts later said the
figures were on the low side of market expectations and could prompt a little
buying today.

On the Chicago Board of Trade, wheat settled yesterday as much as 5 1/4 cents
higher, with the contract for delivery in December at $4.35 3/4 a bushel, and
corn 3 cents higher, with December at $2.81 1/2 a bushel.

On the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York, coffee prices rose sharply
as traders focused again on the possibility that supplies certified for delivery
against the futures contract will not be sufficient to cover outstanding
contracts. December-delivery coffee rose 4.41 cents, to 148.86 a pound.

Cattle prices were mostly higher and pork fell on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange. Analysts cited weaker prices for hogs at livestock terminals in the
morning and expectations for weaker prices today.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     April 22, 1991, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

Drought fears rise on Prairies

BYLINE: Johanna Powell

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: Edmonton, Alta.


Soil moisture levels are extremely low in broad areas of the Prairies as farmers
prepare for seeding, and significant amounts of rainfall are needed to avert
drought.

Moisture reserves are only 40%-80% of long-term average levels in most of
Manitoba's arable land, 75% of Saskatchewan's and 50% of Alberta's, Agriculture
Canada reports.

A spring snowfall provided some relief in parts of Manitoba, but even there the
subsoil remains extremely dry, according to Jim Tokarchuk, the province's chief
of soil and water management.

In parts of Saskatchewan and Alberta, there is ''a high risk of drought,'' says
Allan Howard, Alberta government soil moisture specialist.

''We are very concerned,'' says Hartmann Nagel, president of Alberta farm
organization Unifarm. ''In southeastern Alberta the water table is down 12
feet.''

Above-average precipitation during the next four weeks is required to raise soil
moisture to normal levels, and substantially more rainfall will be needed in
early July, a critical growth period. The forecast calls for warm, dry weather
into next week.

Prairie farmers are expected to take the dryness into consideration when they
prepare for seeding in May.

Low moisture levels will probably persuade any farmers still undecided about
seeding to increase their wheat, barley or oats acreages, says Chuck Penner, an
analyst with AgDecision, the research and consulting arm of United Grain Growers
in Winnipeg.

These crops have larger seeds, which can be planted deeper to take advantage of
any moisture reserves, while the smaller canola and flax seeds must be planted
closer to the surface.

The low moisture level also will affect the seeding plans of livestock
producers, Tokarchuk says. Many who would usually grow a forage crop such as
alfalfa to feed their animals should switch to wheat and barley for feed,
because these require much less water.

He says cattle use enormous volumes of water. There was very little spring
runoff to fill dugouts, so livestock producers in dry areas will have to pump
water from rivers or lakes.

RESERVES LOW

Moisture reserves are similarly low in the western U.S., says Tom George,
director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's resources inventory division.
Soil moisture levels in Oregon, for example, have dropped to 20% of average
levels, the lowest on record.

The U.S. wheat growing areas usually receive their heaviest precipitation in the
winter months, he says, and ''the more we go into spring, the less likely we are
to have precipitation that's going to make any difference.''

The shortage of rain clouds could have benefits, too. Widespread drought in
North America would reduce the size of the wheat crop, which could boost prices
from their current depressed levels.

Despite initial fears that last year would be dry, timely rains helped produce
bumper crops, a contributing factor in the international trade war that drove
wheat prices to record lows.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sacramento Bee

                           August 14, 2004, Saturday

Agriculture official vows to lobby for California growers at WTO talks

BYLINE: By Mike Lee

LENGTH: 731 words



Next to the conference room where the U.S. agriculture trade chief talked with
farmers Friday, conveyor belts slid the last of Blue Diamond's 2003 almond crop
toward the door.

The nuts offered a reminder of just how much California farmers depend on export
markets: 2004 promises a third consecutive 1 billion-pound crop for the state's
largest food export almonds and growers are madly planting more trees.

Ambassador Allen F. Johnson, who represents U.S. agriculture interests at World
Trade Organization talks, swept through California farm country this week,
harvesting lettuce in Salinas, raisin grapes near Fresno and almonds in Los
Banos.

California-grown farm goods are squeezed at home by foreign competitors Chile,
China, Australia but the state's growers often have felt overshadowed by
powerful commodity group agendas in Washington, D.C.

Johnson spent more time in California than he has recently in other states,
giving farm groups here hope that the state's huge fruit, nut and vegetable
sectors won't be left behind in global trade negotiations.

"We are making progress," said Jack King, manager of national affairs at the
California Farm Bureau Federation, which hosted Johnson for breakfast Friday.
"There is a genuine commitment to dealing with the horticulture's concerns."

The California tour served as a way for Johnson to connect with growers in the
nation's largest farming state and assure them agriculture won't be undercut by
other industries at the WTO.

"In every negotiation we have had, agriculture is the top priority," Johnson
said.

Powered by California, the United States is on track for a record $ 61.5 billion
in farm exports this year. The United States is the top exporter of fresh fruits
and nuts, and the second largest exporter of fresh vegetables.

California's food and farm exports account for more than $ 6.5billion a year,
led by almonds, cotton, grapes and oranges. Top buyers include Canada, the
European Union and Japan.

U.S. specialty crop farmers fruits, nuts and vegetables get relatively little
government support. Those crops could have a bright future if other countries
lower trade barriers, such as tariffs that can jack up the cost of U.S. products
by 50 percent or more.

In recent years, speciality-crop farmers have sought more attention from federal
trade officers, who historically have attended to a handful of subsidized crops
such as corn and cotton. Several California-based farm groups are leading a
national alliance to raise the profile of everything from apples to walnuts.

Almond farmers, for example, are enjoying huge crops and good times that might
not last if production swells faster than the number of buyers. "Expanding
markets and getting market access is critical for us," said Blue Diamond Growers
spokeswoman Susan Brauner.

But trade negotiations are a two-edged sword: When the U.S. demands access to
foreign markets, it's met with demands for lower domestic subsidies, for
instance, to cotton growers that cover the Central Valley.

For Johnson, this week's trip also served as something of a victory lap
following the completion of a WTO bargaining session in Geneva, Switzerland,
last month that put once-shaky negotiations among 147 countries back on track.

"Our future is outward," Johnson told almond growers. "We need trade."

Eventually, new rules are expected to slash subsidies and tariffs around the
world, particularly in the European Union. Johnson's office says the pact which
sets the agenda for future global trade talks represents "historic reform."

One plank is that countries with the biggest tariffs will make the biggest cuts,
a measure designed to level the playing field between countries. Just getting
such a controversial measure on the agenda is considered a success.

"The fact that we could solve problems this time (in Geneva) gives you optimism
that you could solve them next time," he said.

Many California farm leaders agree Johnson is on the right track, though some
still wonder whether the WTO talks will go far enough.

"He is saying the right things," said Sacramento-based trade consultant James
Christie. "The framework that he has established is going to get at some of the
(trade) disparities."



-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-AGRIC-TRADE-20040814

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2004 Sacramento Bee


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     October 9, 1992, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Record corn crop forecast in U.S.

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT AND FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. farmers are harvesting their biggest corn crop ever - 20% larger than last
year, the government estimated yesterday. The crop is so big it will jam grain
bins and keep prices as much as US50 cents a bushel below last year's level.

In its monthly crop report, the U.S. Agriculture Department also pegged the
soybean crop at 2.11 billion bushels, the largest in a decade, thanks to a
record 36.3 bushels an acre yield.

A record corn yield of 123.8 bushels an acre - the first time the U.S. average
has topped 120 - and mild fall weather allowed the department to raise its corn
estimate. The government said 8.94 million bushels will be harvested.

But the good crop news will not be a big surprise in the commodities markets.
The government forecasts were modest changes from a month ago - corn up 2% and
soybeans up 1%.

''There should be little or no market impact from these reports,'' said private
analyst John Schnittker, although some Chicago traders said prices could waffle
in the face of the record crop.

''Active exports are absolutely necessary in corn to keep prices from going
lower,'' he said, and wheat exports would also be helpful in the face of a
larger crop worldwide.

The crop report forecast a U.S. wheat crop of 2.46 billion bushels, including
97.2 million bushels of durum and 755 million bushels of spring wheat, and a
cotton crop of 15.9 million bales. The spring wheat estimate was up 5%, durum up
11% and cotton down slightly from last month.

Commodity traders in Chicago said the 2% increase in the size of the U.S. wheat
crop could pressure prices even though the department said less wheat would be
on hand next summer than previously thought.

''I don't think anybody was looking for much of a rise in wheat production in
this report,'' said Vic Lespinasse, assistant vice-president at Dean Witter
Reynolds.

Corn, soybeans and wheat are the major U.S. food and feed crops, as well as
having a plethora of industrial uses.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            April 25, 2007 Wednesday

Organic farming gaining popularity

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 374 words


KUALA LUMPUR: More and more farmers are putting aside pesticides and harmful
farming methods and taking up organic farming.

As of last year, 2,367 hectares were farmed organically, up from 131ha in 2001
when organic farming was formally introduced to the country.

Agriculture and Agro-based Industry Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said:
"Malaysia has the potential to develop and tap into the massive global market
for organic produce."

He added that the market for organic products in the United States was worth
about RM79 billion, about RM36 billion in Western Europe and about RM1.4 billion
in Asia.

He was speaking at the one-day National Organic Farming Seminar 2007 yesterday.

Present were Agriculture and Agro-based deputy secretary-general (development)
Mohd Mokhtar Ismail, Agriculture Department director-general Datuk Sofian Mohd
Salleh, and Centre for Environment, Technology and Development Malaysia chairman
Gurmit Singh.

The most active players in the organic farming sector were farmers in Selangor
and Negeri Sembilan, said Sofian.

With the introduction of the Malaysia Organic farming Scheme (SOM) in 2004,
standards have been set in accordance with the guidelines of the International
Federation for Organic Agriculture Movement and Codex.

Muhyiddin said only seven out of 70 farms with a total land of 947ha had
received the SOM certification. To sell produce as organic, the land must be
farmed naturally for at least seven years.

Tests will be done to confirm there is no chemical residue in the soil before
the certification is granted.

Titi Eco Farm Resort, which offers visitors the opportunity to enjoy organic
vegetables and fruits grown on its 12ha farm in Negri Sembilan, received its
certification last December.

Managing director Lim Mok Lai said the 10-year-old organic farm produced about
30 tonnes of organic produce a month for domestic consumption. "But the supply
of organic produce is still not enough to meet the growing demand for it," he
said.

Lim said organic produce was more expensive because of the better care and
environmentally friendly methods used for growing.

"Granted, consumers have to dig a bit deeper into their pockets for organic
produce. But for healthier and safer food, it is worth it," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 13, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Bumper Crops Predicted

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 254 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 12


With the fall harvest already under way and the threat of early frost damage
receding, the Agriculture Department today forecast record American corn and
soybean crops in 1982.

The department's Foreign Agricultural Service also repeated its earlier forecast
of Soviet grain production, again setting it at 170 million metric tons, down 5
million tons from last year and far short of the 1982 Soviet goal of 238 million
tons. (A metric ton is 2,204.6 pounds.)

Total world grain production in the coming 12 months was estimated at 1.6
billion metric tons, fractionally less than 1981's unusually big harvest.

In its survey of September crop conditions, the Crop Reporting Board forecast a
1982 corn crop of 8.31 billion bushels, or 211 million metric tons, 1 percent
larger than the record 1981 corn crop. The soybean crop was expected to exceed
2.3 billion bushels, or 62.6 million metric tons, 15 percent larger than last
year's crop.

The huge amount of grain already on hand or being harvested has sent farmers'
prices for corn, the principal livestock feed, well below $2 a bushel to some of
the lowest levels in the past decade.  Soybeans were more than below last year's
levels while winter wheat was selling this week at about 60 cents a bushel less
than a year ago.

Prices at these levels indicated serious losses for grain farmers.  But they
could mean more profits for hog raisers, whose market prices have been far above
last year's, and a chance for many cattle raisers at least to break even this
fall.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 24, 2001, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

U.S. CONFISCATES SECOND FLOCK OF SHEEP OVER MAD COW FEARS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: EAST WARREN, VT.EAST WARREN, VERMONT; MAD COW DISEASE; CONFISCATE;
SHEEP FLOCK; U.S.; DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE; U.S.; MARSHALS SERVICE



* Officials plan to destroy the animals after they are tested.

U.S. officials on Friday seized the second of two flocks of dairy sheep
suspected of carrying an ailment related to mad cow disease.

The government had been fighting in the courts for nine months to seize and
destroy the animals, saying they pose a threat to the U.S. food supply. The
action began in July, when several tested positive for transmissible spongiform
encephalopathy, a class of degenerative neurological disorders that includes
scrapie and mad cow disease.

The sheep's owners charge that the U.S. Department of Agriculture's tests were
flawed, but the courts have consistently sided with the government.

Earlier in the week, the government seized another flock of sheep in Greensboro,
Vt. The action highlighted the Agriculture Department's d etermination to act
decisively to head off any risk that mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform
encephalopathy, could be introduced into the United States.

About 25 federal agents from the Agriculture Department and the U.S. Marshals
Service arrived at the farm of Larry and Linda Faillace shortly after 6 a.m.

As federal agents seized the sheep, protesters mockingly gave the Nazi salute.

"They were stolen from our farm today," owner Larry Faillace said.

The 126 sheep were loaded into a truck bound for Iowa, where they will be
destroyed and their brains tested for mad cow disease.

The truck was briefly blocked by protesters before it left.

"This is a government agency completely out of control. We have no check on this
agency," protester John Barkhausen said. "It doesn't follow its own rules or
regulations."

Three Faillace children - Jackie, Francis and Heather - each held young lambs
marked with red dye.

"This is not justice," said Francis Faillace. "Where are our rights?"

The farm couple had fought to keep their flock, urging officials to first
complete tests on 234 sheep confiscated Wednesday from the farm in Greensboro,
40 miles away. The request was denied.

"This is very difficult for them," U.S. Department of Agriculture spokes man Ed
Curlett said. "This is very difficult for us as well. However, it is our duty,
it is our mission to protect American agriculture."

The sheep will be tested for one of a family of neurological diseases that
include mad cow disease. The farmers will be paid fair market value for the
sheep, U.S. officials said.

The government said some of the sheep at the two Vermont farms may have been
exposed to mad cow disease through contaminated feed before they were imported
from Europe in 1996. They have been quarantined since 1998.

The seizure of the flock earlier this week marked the first time the U.S.
government has confiscated livestock and marked it for destruction because of
mad cow fears.

Nearly 100 people in Europe have died of the human form of mad cow disease since
1995, but no cases have been confirmed in the United States.

The seizures come against a background of growing concern about food safety in
Europe and the United States. Europe is battling an outbreak of foot-and-mouth
disease, which has led governments to destroy tens of thousands of cows, sheep
and pigs.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: TOP OF THE NEWS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo by the ASSOCIATED PRESS - Mary Jo Cahilly-Bretzin, 8,
carries out the last lamb to a waiting federal stock truck at the Faillace farm
in East Warren, Vt., on Friday. Federal agents seized a second flock of sheep
suspected of having been exposed to a form of mad cow disease.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 5, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Drought Damage Estimated

BYLINE: By H. J. MAIDENBERG

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1040 words


The United States Department of Agriculture's special crop report, due July 12,
is expected to show that drought damage to the nation's crops is at least as bad
as the commodity markets have anticipated, a leading agribusiness consultant has
said.

After the recent surge in prices of major crops and uncommon volatility in the
commodities markets, the Agriculture Department decided to issue the special
report instead of waiting until early August to forecast yields, as it normally
does.

The markets have experienced several sharp swings in the prices of corn, wheat
and soybeans with each turn in the weather because of conflicting estimates of
the damage caused by the worst drought since the dust bowl days of the early
1930's.

Normal Weather Unlikely

John A. Schnittker, a leading agribusiness consultant, expects that the
Government report will show that unless there is a dramatic return to normal
weather this week - which few forecasters consider likely - the estimate of the
season's output of corn will shrink to 5.4 billion bushels, from 7.25 billion
last year. At the lower level, the market's current price of $3.42 per bushel
largely takes into account the damage already done.

Mr. Schnittker, a former Agriculture Department official, said he bases his
estimate on research by his Washington-based organization, John A. Schnittker
Associates, which polls farmers as the Agriculture Department does.

The Government's estimate of wheat and soybean production this year is also
eagerly awaited. Mr. Schnittker believes the agency will forecast that the total
wheat crop will come in at 1.8 billion bushels, compared with last year's normal
crop of 2.15 billion bushels.

Decline in Soybeans

As for soybeans, Mr. Schnittker figures the agency will confirm the market's
expectation that the crop will be 1.6 billion bushels, down from 1.9 billion
bushels last year.

Mr. Schnittker's corn and wheat crop estimates are in line with those of Richard
J. Feltes, research director of Refco Inc., a leading commodities trading firm.
Mr. Feltes last week also estimated that the soybean crop would be 1.52 billion
bushels, somewhat less than Mr. Schnittker's 1.6 billion bushel estimate.

Another organization that polls farmers, Conrad Leslie Analytical Organization
in Chicago, said his results from a poll of 500 farmers in the grain belt were
not yet complete.

Market Reflects the Damage

While the present prices in the commodities markets largely reflect Mr.
Schnittker's estimate of the damage, the volatility is likely to continue in
anticipation of and reaction to the Government estimate. Traders will also
attempt to fine tune their positions for variables like export sales and changes
in domestic consumption brought about by the higher prices.

Such variables will include the augmentation of the corn crop, used largely as
livestock feed, by the 4.1 billion bushels, of 56 pounds each, held in surplus
from past harvests. This should be sufficient to meet domestic needs, especially
as soaring feed prices are forcing many cattle, hog and poultry raisers to cut
back animal populations.

The supply should also be enough to meet export needs, which are expected to
decline as rising prices force foreign buyers to either reduce purchases or seek
other suppliers. About one-fifth of the corn crop is usually exported, compared
with half the wheat and two-thirds of the soybeans and byproducts produced each
year.

Impact on Food Prices

''We believe the drought will have its greatest and most long-lasting impact on
wheat and soybeans,'' Mr. Schnittker continued. ''As a result, ingredient costs
on flour, baked goods, pasta, margarine and vegetable oils generally have and
will continue to rise for a long time. But if the Government continues to
release more of the corn reserves, cost increases for corn users may yet be
reduced - if we get some good rains soon.''

Last week, more farmers who had pawned corn from past harvests with the
Government redeemed their grain. But with corn prices now about 200 percent
above the loan rate and rising, few farmers will be willing to part with their
crops.

The Reagan Administration, meanwhile, has been reluctant to end its Export
Enhancement Program, which subsidizes exports of farm crops by rewarding
exporters with surplus grain. One reason is that farm exports have prevented the
nation's trade deficit from soaring at an even greater rate. Another reason is
that the Government wants to protect its overseas export markets for grain and
oilseeds and byproducts.

Wheat for Pasta

As for nation's second largest crop, wheat, the harvest of winter wheat is now
drawing to a close. Winter wheat, which is sown in the fall, accounts for 75
percent of the supply of this bread grain and in many areas the harvest has
benefited from the dry weather. But spring-sown wheat, particularly the high
quality, protein-rich durum variety used for pasta, has been severely damaged by
the drought. Even though Mr. Schnittker's estimate of wheat production is 350
million bushels less than last year's 2.15 billion bushels, there is a surplus
from previous harvests of 1.23 million bushels.

The soybean situation is more critical because there is not as much surplus.
There, the carryover is only 275 million bushels, and this year's crop is
expected to be down 300 million bushels from last year's. Moreover, the drought
is expected to prevent many farmers from putting in a soybean crop after
harvesting their grain, which has been a normal practice in many areas because
the beans may be planted as late as mid-July.

Soybeans are also commonly sown in the Corn Belt as a rotation crop in order to
replenish the soil. In recent years soybeans have been found to thrive in
worn-out cotton fields in the Deep South.

Other Factors for Prices

In any case, the near doubling of grain and soybean prices since the drought
began in the early spring is not the only reason food costs are expected to rise
later this year and in 1989. Labor, packaging and other overhead costs of the
food industry have soared 25 percent in the first six months, according to
Milling and Baking News, the leading journal of the industry. published in
Merriam, Kan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 22, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Report of Large Stocks Depresses Pork Prices

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 13, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 467 words


A report showing larger than expected supplies of pork bellies combined with
continued pressure from high interest rates to push livestock and meat futures
prices sharply lower yesterday, market analysts said.

On the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, pork bellies and live hog prices fell their
allowable daily limit, with the July delivery bellies settling at 50.70 cents a
pound and August delivery hogs at 50.15 cents.

Analysts said pork bellies came under heavy selling after a United States
Agriculture Department report released after the close of trading Monday showed
warehouse supplies of frozen pork bellies were larger than the market had
anticipated.

Lower Demand for Pork

Demand for pork has been poor recently and hog slaughter has been increasing.
''This is the seasonal upturn time for bacon, but that is relative to prices,''
which have been rising lately, said Curtis Mahon, an analyst with Thomson
McKinnon Securities. There seems to be some resistance to the higher prices, he
said.

He said spillover selling from the bellies and concern that high interest rates
would further weaken consumer demand for red meats prompted the drop in cattle,
which settled at 62.90 cents a pound for August delivery.

On the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York, coffee prices soared 17.08
cents a pound, to $1.2763 for the July contract, where there is no trading
limit. In all other months, coffee rose the 4-cent daily limit, and under
exchange rules, an expanded limit will go into affect today.

Reports of Frosts in Brazil

The sharp advances were attributed to reports that freezing weather in recent
days had damaged trees in Brazil's southern coffeegrowing areas. Initial,
unofficial estimates are that damage could result in a loss of as much as 20
percent of the 1982-83 harvest, said Pamela Rockley, an analyst with Drexel
Burnham Lambert Inc.

She said sugar futures also benefited from weather news, specifically reports
that the sugar cane crop also might have been hit. Sugar closed 0.24 cent to
0.50 cent a pound higher, with the September contract settling at 16.27 cents.
There were predictions for more cold weather overnight.

Grain and soybean futures prices turned around to close mostly higher after
trading lower for much of the session because of selling pressure. The late
rally was said to be a technical correction of recent sharp declines in which
corn lost about 36 cents a bushel and soybeans about 60 cents. Also, sources
said there was some talk that China may by in the market for wheat.

Wheat for delivery in July settled at $3.895 a bushel, corn at $3.3175 and
soybeans at $7.195.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 27, 2013

National Ag Day: A salute to farmers

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 433  words


IOWA PORK -- Tuesday, March 19, was National Agriculture Day in the United
States. It's a day to reflect and be grateful for those who grow and raise our
abundant and safe food supply.

Thousands of hardworking Iowa farm families work diligently everyday to bring
you the safest, most wholesome and affordable food found anywhere in the world.
Each American farmer now feeds nearly 150 people in the U.S. and abroad, up from
25 people in the 1960s. And, farmers do it much differently than they did even
30 years ago. As with most other business and industry in the U.S., agriculture
has evolved and is embracing new and emerging technologies in an effort to be as
productive and efficient as possible to meet the nation's and world's growing
food demands.

There are fewer people involved in producing our food today, but they are more
productive while being more quality, safety and environmentally conscious.
Farming is a business and highly specialized and while 98 percent of today's
farms are family owned, the vast majority of farms are run as a business. Many
are incorporated. You may have heard some people refer to it as "big ag,"
"factory farms" or "industrialized farming." These are some of the favorite
phrases people opposed to modern farming like to use.

A family farmer who raises 10,000 pigs and 500 beef cows a year, harvests 3,000
acres of corn and soybeans, uses computer and satellite technology, maintains a
grain mill, owns a million dollars worth of modern farm implements and has his
own trucks to haul livestock and grain may sound like "big ag," but it's simply
life on the farm today. Farming today is not done by huge corporations. It's
done by real people, families who have deep roots in agriculture and wouldn't do
anything else for a living.

Many pork producers and other farmers today have college degrees, they seek out
and receive continuing education, they maintain business plans, keep elaborate
records, and use the Internet and Blackberrys to help run their farming
enterprise. This is today's farmer!

Farming has come a long ways since fields were plowed with a couple of horses
and livestock suffered through the extreme elements of Mother Nature. Your food
still comes from the farm, but it's raised by hardworking men and women with
greater efficiency thanks to decades of technological improvements.

Quite simply, Iowa farmers are doing more - and doing it better!

It's easy for us to take agriculture for granted, so as you enjoy that next
meal, take time to think about the men and women who produced your food and what
it took to get it to your grocery store.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 West Lyon Herald


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

64 specialists from Agriculture ministry's complete farm business course

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 269

LENGTH: 273  words


Sixty four specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture from Khyber
Pukhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir AJK, Sindh, and
Balochistan have completed a tenday course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the United States, says a press release issued
on Wednesday.

The participants will help farmers increase their profits by approaching farming
as a business: farmers will be able to identify highervalue crops and access new
markets and customers.

The U.S. Agency for International Development USAID organized this training
session to help increase profits through better product quality and water
management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits.

The United States is committed to help Pakistan modernize its agriculture sector
so that farmers can improve their livelihoods." he added.

After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist from AJK, added "
Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am glad that this
training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK improve their
businesses."

The United States is helping to modernize this important sector by working with
the Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural productivity
through research and development, introduce international quality standards,
renovate irrigation systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profits by
identifying new markets for agriculture products, both locally and
internationally, it said in release.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 12, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Corn Harvest Seen as Large

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 8, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 182 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 11


This year's corn harvest is producing large yields and should be the
second-biggest crop on record, the Agriculture Department said today.

Based on Sept. 1 surveys, the department put the 1986 crop at 8.27 billion
bushels, down less than 1 percent from last month's initial estimate and off 7.3
percent from last year's record harvest of 8.87 billion bushels.

Rains in mid-August eased drought conditions across much of the Southeast, but
the moisture came too late to help corn yields in most areas, the department
said. Weather and crop conditions continued good to excellent in the major
producing areas of the Middle West, the report said.

Production of other crops is expected to be below last year's levels. Soybean
production, forecast at 1.98 billion bushels, is off 6 percent from last year's
2.1 billion bushels.

Wheat production, including winter- and spring-planted varieties, was indicated
at 2.12 billion bushels, the lowest level since 1978 and down 12.3 percent from
1985.

The cotton crop was estimated at 10.5 million bales, 21.6 percent below the 1985
production.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           January 18, 2001, Thursday

Berries' benefits explored

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 13; FARMING

LENGTH: 312 words


Demand for blueberries has rocketed since American research indicated they may
have anti-ageing and anti-cancer properties.

Neuroscientist Jim Joseph, whose work on rats indicated blueberries may reverse
some of the effects of ageing, was in New Zealand in December as a guest of the
Crown Research Institute, HortResearch.

Dr Joseph is the head of neuroscience for the United States Department of
Agriculture human research centre on ageing at Tufts University in Boston.

A HortResearch team under Tony McGhie will be working on a collaborative project
with Dr Joseph.

The work on rats, published several years ago, has shown blueberries "are pretty
effective at retarding some of the effects of ageing on the brain", Dr Joseph
says.

The blue pigments in the skin of blueberries contain anthocyathins, believed to
be the compounds responsible for retarding loss of memory and loss of motor
skills showing up in the experiments on rats.

As well, scientists believe the anti- oxidant properties of anthocyathins help
neutralise the negative by- products of metabolism called free radicals. These
can damage DNA molecules, leading to cancer.

Anthocyathins are also present in other fruits, particularly berries, but
blueberries consistently show up on top of lists of foods giving health
benefits.

Dr Joseph says his team is now focused on finding a mechanism for what is going
on. "We don't know what it is yet, but we're convinced it works under a variety
of conditions."

The results of the research on rats have not yet been directly applied to
humans, and Dr Joseph does not seem unduly worried if ultimately blueberries do
not give the same protection for people.

"Will it matter? You'll have eaten some very nice blueberries every day, and
what can be wrong with that?"

--------------------

CAPTION:

PHOTO: HORTRESEARCH BLUEBERRIES

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 8, 1991, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Soybean, corn futures slip lower

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT & FINANCE; Pg. 20, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


The advancing harvest and estimates that the U.S. Agriculture Department will
report higher than anticipated output pushed Chicago Board of Trade soybean and
corn futures lower yesterday.

Private estimates, including the 1.847-billion bushel production figure for U.S.
soybeans from Sparks Companies, have led to expectations the U.S. government
will raise its output as more and more growing areas are said to be reporting
unexpectedly high yields after a drier than normal summer.

In addition, news of rain benefitting the Brazilian soybean crop further
undermined CBOT soybean prices.

CBOT soybeans settled US3 3/4 cents to US6 1/4 cents a bushel lower. Featured
January was down US6 cents at US$5.87 1/4.

Friday's lower than anticipated feed grain allocation of U.S. export credits for
the Soviet Union helped push nearby CBOT corn futures lower. Deferred prices,
however, found light support from hope that there will be news later this week
about further credits of direct aid to the U.S.S.R. from the U.S.

CBOT corn closed US1 cents higher to US1 1/2 cents lower. Most active March
finished at US$2.60 1/4, down US1 1/2 cents.

Word from U.S. exporters that China has bid for one million tonnes of subsidized
U.S. wheat encouraged buying in the CBOT wheat pit. Futures ended US 3/4 cents
lower to US2 1/2 cents higher. Most sought after December closed at US$3.46 1/4
a bushel, up US2 1/4 cents.

Forecasts calling for continued dry conditions for the U.S. winter wheat crop
also helped rally CBOT wheat values.

Canola values at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange settled 60 cents to $1.40 a
tonne lower under the weight of declines in CBOT soybeans. Featured January
ended at $284.40, down $1.40.

The losses in canola, however, were limited by floor trader talk about the
possibility of another week of exceptionally high canola buying by the Japanese,
with exporters estimating amounts at 35,000 to 40,000 tonnes. This would be
10,000 tonnes above normal levels.

Flaxseed at the WCE settled 30 cents to $1.80 higher with featured December
ending at $204.20, up $1.80. Good demand from the commercial sector accounted
for the upward movement.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

64 Agri-scientists completes US funded workshop

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 268

LENGTH: 276  words


Sixty four specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture from Khyber
Pukhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh, and
Balochistan have completed a ten-day course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the United States.

The participants will help farmers increase their profits by approaching farming
as a business: farmers will be able to identify higher-value crops and access
new markets and customers. The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID)
organized this training session to help increase profits through better product
quality and water management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits. The United States is committed to
helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture sector so that farmers can improve
their livelihoods." After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist
from AJK, added "Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am
glad that this training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK
improve their businesses."

Agriculture employs more Pakistanis than any other sector in the country. The
United States is helping to modernize this important sector by working with the
Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural productivity
through research and development, introduce international quality standards,
renovate irrigation systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profits by
identifying new markets for agriculture products, both locally and
internationally.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

64 Agri-scientists completes US funded workshop

LENGTH: 276  words


Sixty four specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture from Khyber
Pukhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh, and
Balochistan have completed a ten-day course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the United States.

The participants will help farmers increase their profits by approaching farming
as a business: farmers will be able to identify higher-value crops and access
new markets and customers. The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID)
organized this training session to help increase profits through better product
quality and water management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits. The United States is committed to
helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture sector so that farmers can improve
their livelihoods." After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist
from AJK, added "Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am
glad that this training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK
improve their businesses."

Agriculture employs more Pakistanis than any other sector in the country. The
United States is helping to modernize this important sector by working with the
Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural productivity
through research and development, introduce international quality standards,
renovate irrigation systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profits by
identifying new markets for agriculture products, both locally and
internationally.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

64 Agri-scientists completes US funded workshop

SECTION: Vol. 17 No. 268

LENGTH: 276  words


Sixty four specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture from Khyber
Pukhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh, and
Balochistan have completed a ten-day course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the United States.

The participants will help farmers increase their profits by approaching farming
as a business: farmers will be able to identify higher-value crops and access
new markets and customers. The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID)
organized this training session to help increase profits through better product
quality and water management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits. The United States is committed to
helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture sector so that farmers can improve
their livelihoods." After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist
from AJK, added "Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am
glad that this training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK
improve their businesses."

Agriculture employs more Pakistanis than any other sector in the country. The
United States is helping to modernize this important sector by working with the
Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural productivity
through research and development, introduce international quality standards,
renovate irrigation systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profits by
identifying new markets for agriculture products, both locally and
internationally.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 30, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

FEDERAL STUDIES SUPPORT RISE IN ORGANIC FARMING

BYLINE: By BAYARD WEBSTER

SECTION: Section C; Page 1, Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 1621 words


THE American farm, some experts contend, is the victim of its own modern
agricultural practices, which have brought on rising prices for chemical
fertilizers, declining soil quality, continuing soil erosion and the evolution
of numerous species of pesticide-resistant fungi and insects.

The answer to these problems may lie, according to two new reports, in an
approach that had been frequently regarded as eccentric and inefficient: organic
farming.

The reports, which assert that organic farming is environmentally sound and
relatively economical, were supported by the National Science Foundation and by
the United States Department of Agriculture, a surprising source, in the view of
some, for such iconoclastic findings.

The findings have angered and baffled some practitioners of traditional farming,
who contend that organic farming is too slow in its ability to deliver nutrients
to the soil and that it requires too much land.

One of the more successful organic farmers, Richard Thompson, who raises corn,
soybeans, oats, hay and livestock on his 300-acre farm in Boone, Iowa, argues
that farmers can cope with any delays and that his profits are comparable to
those of his conventional neighbors.

''We put our manure or compost on in the fall so the nitrogen is available by
next spring,'' Mr. Thompson said in a telephone interview. ''And we plan ahead
for making rock phosphate available.  And our nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium
don't go into the air or leach out from rain the way the chemical fertilizers
do.''

In the study done for the Department of Agriculture, an agency that had been
known for its strong support of agribusiness and conventional farming, a
research team examined 69 organic farms in 23 states. The team found that almost
all of them were efficient, productive, scientifically sound and
cost-competitive with conventional farms.

The other group of scientists, from Washington University in St.  Louis and
supported by the National Science Foundation, has just completed its final
report on a five-year comparative study of 51 conventional and organic farms in
the Middle West corn belt.

Expenses Are Far Less

The analysis of these researchers showed that although the cash value of crops
was lower on organic farms, the organic farmers' expenses were 36 percent less
than those of conventional farms. That resulted in a net dollar return only 2
percent lower than that of conventional farms using chemical fertilizers and
pesticides.

An even more significant finding of this study was that in a time of rising
energy costs, farmers who used organic agricultural procedures consumed only
about 40 percent of the energy required on farms that used chemical fertilizers
and pesticides.

Conventional farming employs frequent plowing and uses synthetic fertilizers,
herbicides, pesticides and antibiotic food additives to increase plant and
animal yields. There are an estimated 1.5 million conventional farms in the
United States.

Organic farming emphasizes the maintenance of organically active soil because
the quality of the crop is believed to be almost wholly determined by the
quality of the soil. Such a technique focuses on annual crop rotations and the
use of a legume ground cover instead of plowing to control weeds. It also calls
for the return of crop residues, animal manures and other organic wastes to the
soil.

There are 30,000 or more organic farms in the country, ranging up to 1,500 acres
in size.

A 35-Acre Experiment

One of the most closely monitored organic farms in America is the Coolidge
Center for the Advancement of Agriculture, a 35-acre noncommercial experimental
farm in the rolling countryside of Topsfield, Mass. It comprises 12 acres of
field crops and vegetables, plus 23 acres of hay fields, pastures, trial crop
beds and an orchard.

Under the direction of Eliot Coleman, an internationally known expert on the
science of organic farming, experiments with new crop species, unusual
fertilization and pest-control methods and different kinds of agricultural
machinery are continually being conducted.

Mr. Coleman, a wiry, energetic 41-year-old man with a shock of almost white
hair, led a visitor from the barn down to the threeacre ''market garden'' where
he and his three assistants experiment with different ways of planting, rotating
and fertilizing such produce as cabbage, carrots, spinach and lettuce.

''We try everything to find the best way to control pests,'' he said, while
examining a cabbage leaf. ''We put bran on the leaves - they don't like that. We
even pick off bugs and grind them up and spray them back on the plants. There
are two theories that we're exploring with this method.

''One is that any disease the insects may have will be transmitted back to them.
And the other is that the bugs exude a 'fear' hormone when they're being killed
that will scare other insects off when it's redistributed on the leaves. This
may sound wild, but we try everything.''

He has also conducted experiments with basalt rock dust and citronella extract
sprays as insect repellents. ''The basalt dust looks promising,'' he said.

Mr. Coleman said the Coolidge Farm does not raise crops for profit, but its
production is equivalent in amounts to neighboring conventional farms. ''We're
getting 100 bushels of organically grown corn per acre,'' he said. ''That's not
so bad for this area.''

A much larger experimental organic farm is being operated in Maxatawny, Pa. The
350-acre farm is one of the several commercial enterprises that make up Rodale
Press Inc., a company in Emmaus, Pa., headed by Robert Rodale, that publishes
the magazines New Farm and Organic Gardening.

Headed by Richard Harwood, an agronomist, Mr. Rodale's Organic Gardening and
Farming Research Center conducts experiments with new seed strains, cultivation
and fertilization techniques, solar greenhouses and other new farming
developments.

Natural Pesticides Tested

Current tests with natural pesticides include the use of eucalyptus and
nasturtium extracts and the interplanting of potatoes with catnip, coriander and
tansy in an effort to control the Colorado potato beetle.

The main nutrients are nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium, which must be added
to the soil to replace amounts taken up by crops or lost in runoff or by
leaching.

For use in conventional agriculture, nitrogen fertilizer is manufactured from
natural gas into anhydrous ammonia or liquid nitrogen. Phosphorus is mined and
then chemically treated to become superphosphate. Potassium is mined and used as
is. Most of the pesticidal dusts and sprays used in conventional agriculture are
petroleum derivatives.

Organic farming employs composted or aged animal manure as the main nitrogen
source, untreated phosphate rock for phosphorus and mined potassium chloride for
potassium. Various agents are used to deter pests, including dusts such as
rotenone that are made from plants or other natural substances.

Organic farmers contend that chemical fertilizers dry out the soil at a slightly
faster rate than manure or legumes such as alfalfa, which has a binding effect
on the soil, preserving its moisture and causing less runoff of nutrients.

Report Is Critical of Methods

A report critical of some of the organic farming practices is being prepared for
publication next month by the Council for Agricultural Science and Technology
(CAST), an Iowa-based organization funded by agricultural science societies,
trade associations and fertilizer, pesticide and drug manufacturers. The study
discusses the possible effect of a nearly total conversion from chemical to
organic farming in the United States.

It admits that some aspects of organic farming, such as biological control of
insect pests, are beneficial. But the report predicts there will not be enough
animal manure to supply the converted farms with nitrogen and that conversion to
organic farming would require the use of additional crop land, most of which
would be ill-suited to agriculture.

Dr. Samuel R. Aldrich, a University of Illinois agronomist who heads the CAST
study group and is writing a book on organic farming, cites several flaws he
sees in organic farming techniques. One of them is the sole use of animal manure
and untreated phosphates as nitrogen and phosphorus sources.

''When you put manure in the ground it can take up to eight weeks before it
breaks down and becomes available to the plant,'' he said.  ''And chemically
untreated rock phosphate can take years to become available.''

Heavy Losses From Erosion

The Natural Resources Defense Council, the New York-based environmental
organization, estimates that one-third of the nation's farmlands are suffering
losses from soil erosion that will soon result in declining crop yields. Mr.
Coleman, who has studied the chemistry of farm soils, believes that organically
active soils can help prevent erosion. ''The reason is that organic matter has
colloidal glues that bind soil components together and make it more difficult
for them to be blown away,'' he said.

Mr. Coleman and Mr. Rodale were both selected as advisers for the organic
farming study by the Department of Agriculture. Both feel that there is a trend
toward converting conventional farms to organic. One sign of the trend, they
say, was an 18 percent decline in chemical fertilizer sales in the United States
last spring.

They also cite the growing number of organizations here and abroad that are
aimed at creating interest in organic farming. ''A lot of people think that
organic farming is raising food with bug holes in it for people who like bug
holes,'' Mr. Coleman said. ''But I think these groups show that it is a solid
scientific movement.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Eliot Coleman on experimental farm

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 28, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

FEBRUARY FARM PRICE DIP OF 0.4%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 2; Page 46, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 27


Prices that farmers get for their raw products dipped four-tenths of 1 percent
in February, but still averaged 10 percent more than a year ago, the Agriculture
Department said today.

Officials said lower prices for soybeans, wheat, oranges, cotton and cattle were
partially offset by higher prices for tomatoes, hogs and potatoes.

The report also included revised figures for January that showed the price index
declined four-tenths of 1 percent from December, only half of what was reported
earlier.

Department economists still predict that retail food prices will rise an average
of 10 to 15 percent this year.  Farm prices in February averaged 263 percent of
a 1967 base price average used for comparison, according to the preliminary
figures.  The revised index for January was 264 percent. The February parity
ratio was 65 percent, unchanged from January. A year ago, the ratio also was 65
percent. At 100 percent, the indicator would mean, theoretically, that farmers
have the same buying power they had in 1910-14.

Meanwhile, the prices farmers pay to meet expenses rose threetenths of 1 percent
from January and averaged 10 percent above a year ago.

According to the preliminary February figures, prices of meat animals rose
four-tenths of 1 percent from January, despite a drop in beef cattle prices.
Even so, the index was 7.6 percent below a year earlier. The February index for
oil-bearing crops - which include soybeans and cottonseed - declined 7.2 percent
from January, but still was 24 percent above a year ago.

Vegetable prices at the farm jumped 13 percent from a month earlier, with higher
prices for tomatoes accounting for most of it, the report said. Prices for
celery, cabbage and carrots dropped.  Compared with a year ago, the overall
index was up 62 percent.

Food Grains Drop

Food grains as a group dropped 2.8 percent from January, although a decline for
wheat was partly offset by higher rice prices. The index was up 9.2 percent from
a year earlier.

The price index for potatoes, sweet potatoes and dry beans rose 6.2 percent and
averaged 93 percent more than a year ago. Dry beans were $28.40 for a 100-pound
bag in February, compared with $27.50 in January and $25 last year.

Cattle averaged $59 per 100 pounds of live weight nationally, compared with
$59.30 in January and $66.60 in February 1980. Hogs averaged $42.30 per 100
pounds, compared with $40.80 in January and $36.70 a year ago.

Corn, at $3.22 a bushel, compared with $3.19 in January and $2.39 a year ago.
Wheat prices at the farm, according to the preliminary figures, averaged $4.06 a
bushel, compared with $4.21 in January and $3.78 a year ago. Rice averaged
$13.30 per 100 pounds, compared with $13.20 in January and $11 in February 1980.
Soybeans were $7.13 a bushel against $7.80 in January and $6.20 a year ago.
Upland cotton was 74.5 cents a pound, compared with 76.9 cents in January and
66.5 cents a year ago.

Eggs were 62.6 cents a dozen, compared with 64.8 cents in January and 50.8 cents
a year ago. Broiler chickens, at 30.4 cents a pound, compared with 30.2 cents in
January and 25.4 cents a year ago.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 28, 2012 Friday

Pakistan: 64 Agri-scientists completes US funded workshop

LENGTH: 313 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 28 -- Sixty four specialists from the Ministries of Agriculture
from Khyber Pukhtunkhwa, Gilgit Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), Sindh,
and Balochistan have completed a ten-day course on modern farm business and
irrigation methods sponsored by the United States.

The participants will help farmers increase their profits by approaching farming
as a business: farmers will be able to identify higher-value crops and access
new markets and customers. The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID)
organized this training session to help increase profits through better product
quality and water management.

At the completion of the training course in Islamabad, USAID Country Director
Jonathan Conly said "By using modern techniques, Pakistani farmers can capture
new customers and increase their profits. The United States is committed to
helping Pakistan modernize its agriculture sector so that farmers can improve
their livelihoods." After the workshop, Amina Rafi, an agricultural specialist
from AJK, added "Farming in mountain areas has always been a challenge. I am
glad that this training has provided me with skills to help farmers in AJK
improve their businesses."

Agriculture employs more Pakistanis than any other sector in the country. The
United States is helping to modernize this important sector by working with the
Pakistani government and businesses to increase agricultural productivity
through research and development, introduce international quality standards,
renovate irrigation systems, upgrade farming techniques, and increase profits by
identifying new markets for agriculture products, both locally and
internationally Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 5, 1983 Wednesday

Farmers hope grain price rise   will cover crop downgrading

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 463 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
   The prairie grain crop has been harmed by a spell of cold, wet weather,
 but farmers remain optimistic that prices will increase and compensate for
 the damage.

There is strong underlying support for prices over the middle term, as
 a result of the widespread drought damage in the United States last
 summer. Grain inventories are expected to fall over the next 12 months,
 buoying prices.

In its latest survey, the U.S. Department of Agriculture reported that
 corn production in the United States would be 48 per cent less than in
 1982, while soybean production would fall by 33 per cent. Spring wheat
 would be down by 35 per cent, but winter wheat has apparently escaped
 damage.

In Canada, grain prices have fallen about 5 per cent since August as a
 result of the flow of new grain on to the market. The decline has
 stabilized and is expected to reverse as the new crop is absorbed.

Prairie harvesting operations were brought to a standstill in mid-
 September after rain or snow fell over a wide area. The weather returned
 to normal a week later, leaving some frost and moisture damage.

Since then, the weather has remained dry, allowing farmers to bring in
 about 95 per cent of their crops. In a survey last week, Pioneer Grain Co.
 Ltd. of Winnipeg found that harvesting operations had finished, except in
 a few isolated areas across the northern prairies.

United Grain Growers Ltd. of Winnipeg reported some reduction in
 quality and yield in its last crop report of the year. The company said
 yields in the Winnipeg area were about 15 to 20 per cent lower than in
 1982.

UGG estimated that 50 per cent of the wheat grown near Saskatoon would
 qualify for the top grades, while 25 per cent would grade No. 2 or No. 3.
 Wheat yields were estimated at 35 bushels an acre, barley at 50 bushels,
 rapeseed at 25 and flaxseed at 20.

Yields and quality were slightly lower at Melfort, Sask., with wheat
 yields placed at 30 bushels to the acre, barley at 45 and the oilseeds at
 20. However, only 25 per cent of the wheat qualified as No. 1. About 5 per
 cent of wheat in the area has been downgraded to feed.

Central Alberta suffered badly from frost and rain, slowing the harvest
 and damaging some crops. North of Red Deer, about 25 per cent of the crop
 is still in the fields and most of the wheat has been downgraded to No. 2,
 No. 3 or feed. However, yields have been estimated at a respectable 40
 bushels to the acre.

Barley did not suffer and yields remain high - at 50 bushels an acre -
 while most of the crop will qualify for the top feed grades.

South of Calgary, all yields were about five bushels an acre lower, but
 80 per cent of the wheat was graded as No. 1. Near Edmonton, crops were
 damaged by a heavy frost, forcing inspectors to downgrade some of the
 wheat to feed.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Atwood Herald (Illinois)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 11, 2015

More women are farming

BYLINE: The Atwood Herald staff

LENGTH: 890  words


The popularity of the "God created a farmer" ad during the Super Bowl a few
years ago was widely praised as a fitting tribute to the millions of people
working in agriculture.

But of the more than a dozen pictures of hardworking and sensitive farmers and
ranchers in the commercial, only a handful of the images shown during the
two-minute ad were women.

The slight is being viewed by some as symbolic of the battle women across the
country are engaging in as they play an increasing role in a field that has been
traditionally dominated by men.

"That image of (a man) is so embedded in all of us that it's hard to imagine
that women are part of farming when they show an ad like that. On one hand, it's
a really nice tribute to agriculture, but on the other hand, they're missing
more than half the population that's involved with it," said Denise O'Brien who
has been farming with her husband for almost 40 years in Atlantic, Iowa.

'Women, because they are going against the trend of males dominating agriculture
, it takes people a while to make a head adjustment that 'Oh I'm talking to this
woman who is a farmer rather than talking to a farmer's wife,'" she said.

For decades, women were viewed as the supportive behind-the-scene sidekicks to
their husbands and sons who were planting seed, fixing equipment and feeding
livestock. In most cases, women were depended on to keep the house running and
make sure the farm's paperwork was up to date and the bills were paid.

Today, things have changed. Now, more women are being thrust into farming as
they outlive their fathers or husbands, leaving them with the responsibility of
deciding what to do with land that in many cases has been in the family for
decades.

More women also are making the decision to enter agriculture on their own accord
with a focus largely on smaller livestock operations, organic crops or farms
that grow fruit and produce for the local community.

In the U.S. Agriculture. Department's Census of Agriculture report, the
government found women farm operators increased 19% from 2002, far outpacing the
7% increase in the number of farmers overall. The government census allows a
farm to have multiple operators. Women were the principal operator, the
individual in charge of day-to-day operations, on 14% of farms and ranches
compared with 11% five years earlier.

The government is updating its agricultural census later this year and the
number of women involved in farming is expected to be "much higher," said
Kathleen Merrigan, USDA's second-most powerful official, said last month. Until
she resigned last week, Merrigan was in charge of overseeing the daily
operations of the department.

As more women enter the male-dominated field, they'll be managing an even bigger
share of farmland, especially in the agriculture-intensive Midwest. In Iowa, 20%
of the state's farmland is owned by women and 10% is owned by single women over
the age of 75, according to Michael Duffy, an economics professor at Iowa State
University.

As more farmland changes hands, those figures are expected to grow. University
researchers have estimated more than 200 million acres of farmland in the United
States will change hands by 2027, with women potentially owning a majority of
the land.

That's good news for the growing number of women across the country who are
members of the National FFA Organization, which first allowed women to join in
1969. The group, better known by its former name, the Future Farmers of America,
is made up of 44% women, compared with 20% in 1988.

During USDA's annual outlook conference last month near Washington, Merrigan saw
firsthand evidence that although women are making progress in agriculture, many
don't believe they are receiving the attention that reflects the more active
role they are playing.

For the first time, the USDA held a 30-minute session to allow women at the
mostly-male-attended event to network. In the room, USDA set up two "idea
boards" asking women what they wanted to see at next year's conference. One
respondent suggested having "more women as speakers throughout the agenda" while
another proposed a paper "on the important role of women in agriculture."

Merrigan said she had expressed concern to conference organizers because a
poster touting the event had only one woman on it: her.

"I think we are making progress, but it's time to accelerate," Merrigan said in
an interview. "It just takes time to shift everybody's thinking to the realities
of today. We just need to get everybody out of thinking about things in the same
old way. It's not just about women; it's about the changing demographics of this
country."

To do that, dozens of groups that focus on helping women break through the
"grass ceiling" of agriculture have sprung up across the United States. Several
have limited their membership to only women after observing that women,
especially older ones, were more outspoken and willing to ask questions without
men present.

A popular program called Annie's Project teaches classes in 27 states to help
foster problem solving, recordkeeping and decision making among farm women. The
classes regularly fill up. Another group, the Women, Food and Agriculture
Network (WFAN), founded by Denise O'Brien in 1997, hosts meetings to give advice
and allow women to ask questions and talk about their experiences on the farm.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ATW

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Atwood Herald


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 4, 2004 Sunday

Numbers tell declining story; Report indicates a dip in amount of livestock
sites

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 928 words


We have known for some time about falling numbers of livestock operations in the
country and in the tri-state area.

Recently, though, the U.S. Department of Agriculture released a report with
actual numbers.

According to the department, there were 1 million cattle operations in the
United States during 2003, down 2 percent from 2002 and 3 percent below 2001.
Beef cow operations in 2003 were down 2 percent from 2002 and 3 percent below
2001. Milk cow operations were 5 percent below last year and 13 percent below
two years ago.

The number of operations with hogs totaled 73,600 last year, down 3 percent from
2002 and 9 percent from 2001. Places with 2,000 or more head accounted for 77
percent of the inventory, the department said.

The number of operations with sheep totaled 67,620 during 2003, down 1 percent
from 2002 and 2001.

We see similar trends in our region. In Wisconsin, Illinois and Iowa, farms with
one to 49 animals still comprised the largest share of cattle operations. That
also was true for the United States as a whole.

In Iowa, the number of cattle operations fell by more than 1,000 from 2002 to
2003, to 33,000. Of those, 25,000 were beef cow operations last year, down 1,000
from a year earlier. The state lost 200 dairy operations during the year. Those
numbers add up to more than the 1,000 operations gone from 2002 to 2003, but,
remember, some farms have beef and dairy cows, and some also might operate
feedlots - they are not mutually exclusive.

Wisconsin's number of cattle operations fell by 1,000, to 38,000, with 16,900 of
those dairy cow operations. During the year, the state lost 900 dairy operations
but gained beef cow operations.

Wisconsin still had the most dairy cow operations of any state. Herds of 50 to
99 head produced the greatest share of milk, at 34 percent, while herds of 500
or more cows accounted for 15 percent of the state's milk production in 2003.

In Illinois, farms with cattle fell from 23,000 to 20,000. Of those, 1,600 had
dairy cows in 2003.

Iowa - the nation's pork epicenter - had 9,900 hog operations last year, down
100 from 2002. Herd sizes of 100 to 500 hogs were the most common in the state,
but did not produce the bulk of Iowa pork. Operations with more than 5,000
numbered only 500, but the largest operations accounted for the biggest share of
Iowa's hog inventory, at 43 percent last year.

Why does the trend in livestock production matter?

First, livestock production represents the most time-tested form of value-added
agriculture. Livestock and dairy production take a raw commodity, in this case
grain and forages, and turns it into something of greater value - such as meat
and dairy products. When value is added to the grain, it creates wealth not only
for farmers, but for the merchants and service providers who do business with
farmers.

Some economists say a region must maintain its livestock inventory to keep its
economy vibrant. Other experts argue - and I tend to agree - that not only must
a region maintain its livestock inventory, but also its population of farmers,
to have a truly healthy, sustainable, agricultural economy. That way, production
and wealth are spread over a greater number of farm operations that purchase
goods and services from a greater number of local suppliers.

*

We have said goodbye to spring, a rainy season this year. Farmers struggled to
make hay between rain showers in May and June. Strong storms in May scoured
hillsides and swamped fields.

The Dubuque area received nearly 4 inches of rain in June, according to the
National Weather Service. That was slightly less than normal, but it followed a
drenching May, when we were hit with more than 7 inches of rain. Boscobel, Wis.,
saw 10 inches of rain in May.

In Wisconsin, agriculture officials are encouraging farmers to call their local
Farm Service Agency offices to report damage and federal assistance needs.

"We are reporting damage to Washington on a daily basis," said Ben Brancel,
Wisconsin Farm Service Agency Executive Director. "We depend on producers to
give us up-to-date information."

Federal disaster declaration requests were made for 26 Wisconsin counties,
including Grant, Lafayette and Crawford counties.

In Clayton County, Iowa, farmers are cleaning up after June storms that battered
farm fields. The Clayton County Farm Service Agency Committee is waiting for
approval of its disaster assistance request, reported Clayton County FSA
Executive Director Cindy Mensen. The cost-share aid would help repair damaged
cropland and conservation structures. "There's quite a bit of terrace damage and
it's widespread," Mensen said.

Waterways also took a beating.

Sign-up for the Emergency Conservation Program in Clayton County officially
begins July 12. The agency has received more than 100 applications, Mensen said.

Jo Daviess County (Ill.) also was hit with spring storms. Farm Service Agency
Director Cory Cassens said he received reports of 5 to 7 inches of rain in the
northeast part of the county June 16. The drenching followed a rain and hail
storm in late May.

"We have made official recognition of those two occurrences," said Cassens,
meaning the county could be eligible for federal assistance if it becomes
available.

Fortunately, damage was not widespread in Jo Daviess County. "Generally
speaking, our crops are pretty good," Cassens said.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 11, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Corn Harvest Record Seen

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 7, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 114 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 10


The 1985 corn crop is estimated at a record 8.6 billion bushels, 12 percent more
than last year's harvest of 7.66 billion bushels, the Agriculture Department
said today.

In September, the department estimated the corn harvest at 8.47 billion bushels.
The latest estimate was based on indications as of Oct. 1.

Soybean production was estimated at 2.11 billion bushels, up 13 percent from the
1984 harvest of 1.86 billion bushels. The cotton harvest was estimated at 13.6
million bales, about 5 percent more than the 1984 crop.

Wheat production this year, indicated at 2.42 billion bushels, is up slightly
from the September estimate but down 7 percent from the 1984 harvest.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                 April 25, 2014

region grows farming champ;
Art4agriculture

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 364  words


GROWING up surrounded by sprawling cotton fields generally lends itself to a
passion for agriculture.

That's certainly the case for Darling Downs farmer Alexander Stephens, who
earlier this year was named an Art4Agriculture Young Farming Champion.

Mr Stephens spent his childhood on the Downs around cotton fields and developed
an obsession with machinery but has taken his interest and dedication in
agriculture further.

He has worked as a farmhand and caretaker of various southern Queensland
properties after graduating from the Australian Agriculture College with a
Diploma in Agriculture when he was 18.

He has ventured overseas and worked with harvest contractors across the United
States and since he returned in 2012, took up a role on an irrigated
cotton/dryland grain farming property near Goondiwindi.

It's an impressive resume and work history for the young farmer, who is
currently completing a Diploma in Cotton Production at the University of New
England.

"It is essential that we, as a growing community, aspire to build on our
high-achieving attributes," he said.

"That's why I see that it is very important to build relations outside the
farming community to show how professional Australian farmers are generating
pride in the community and abroad for what they grow and produce."

Mr Stephens joins an impressive list of fellow Art4Agriculture Young Farming
Champions, including Wagga Wagga's Laura Bennett, Gunnedah-based agronomist
Dwayne Schubert and third-generation cotton grower Naomi Mulligan, from Moree.

The Young Farming Champions will visit schools across Queensland, New South
Wales and Victoria, representing the Archibull Prize program.

The Archibull Prize is an in-school program that encourages students to learn
about sustainable agriculture and environmental issues through art and
multimedia.

Cotton Australia chief executive Adam Kays said the Young Farming Champions
provide a human face to Australian agricultural production for students and
teachers.

"Just by taking them through what these young people do and conveying the
passion they feel for sustainable fibre production helps build a community that
respects and values our primary producers," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TRW


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday

New York program offers low-cost loans for farm housing; Expansion of plan might
raise rate of worker retention

BYLINE: MARK JOHNSON

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b11

LENGTH: 531 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, N.Y.


Three years ago, vegetable grower Paul Zittel took out a $100,000 loan under the
state's Farmworker Housing Program to build living space for 18 workers on his
180-acre farm.

It was the only way to retain longtime employees at his farm in Eden, south of
Buffalo.

"We've had a group of workers from Mexico working here for 14 years," said
Zittel. "Of the 11 men who started, nine of them are still with us. It means
we're doing something right. We're paying properly and providing them with
amenities."

An expansion of the $3 million housing program, which provides low-cost loans of
up to $100,000, was signed into law by Gov. George Pataki recently. The original
revolving loan program, run by the state Division of Housing and Community
Renewal and instituted in 1995, was only available to seasonal vegetable and
fruit farmers to build housing for migrant workers.

Now dairy and other year-round farmers can use the program to build housing for
their employees, an incentive farmers can use to attract and keep workers.

There are an estimated 3 million farm workers in the United States, according to
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. About 80,000 of them work on New York
state's 37,000 farms.

When the original law passed, the demand for housing on many farms wasn't as
high as on the seasonal farms, said Christopher LaRoe, a spokesman for the New
York Farm Bureau. That has changed in the past few years.

Now "more and more full-time dairy workers are making the same kinds of demands
for housing in their work and benefit package" LaRoe said. Dairy farmers, who
account for more than half of New York's farm revenue, and others hoping to
attract and keep good workers also have had to increase pay in recent years,
LaRoe said.

"We've tried to keep workers through wages and benefits, but it's a hard
situation for them to find housing," said David Taylor, owner of Concord
Nurseries in North Collins, 21 miles south of Buffalo. The 1,000-acre operation
employs 45 to 50 full-time workers year round. Taylor said he's considering
using the Farmworker Housing Program to build accommodations for them.

"It's a matter of looking to keep good workers," he said.

The bill signed by Pataki will also allow two or more farmers to pool loans and
jointly build housing areas for workers. The legislation doesn't increase the
amount of money available.

"We recognize that providing housing is critical to a farmer's ability to
attract workers," said Judith Calogero, commission of the Department of Housing
and Community Renewal.

To date, 97 loans totaling $3.53 million have been handed out to New York
farmers, according to Peter Moses, a spokesman for DHCR. About $994,000 is
currently available from the fund.

Farm Credit of Western New York administers the loans in 16 counties in the
western part of the state and First Pioneer Farm Credit handles the loans in the
rest of New York.

The federal government and states including California, Florida, Maryland,
Michigan, Ohio, Oregon and Washington also have programs specifically geared to
build farm worker housing, according to the Housing Assistance Council, a
nonprofit organization.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2015

Family Farms are the Focus of New Agriculture Census Data;
97 Percent of All U.S. Farms are Family-Owned

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 466  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics Service
(NASS) reports that family-owned farms remain the backbone of the agriculture
industry. The latest data come from the Census of Agriculture farm typology
report and help shine light on the question, "What is a family farm?"

"As we wrap up mining the 6 million data points from the latest Census of
Agriculture, we used typology to further explore the demographics of who is
farming and ranching today," said NASS Statistics Division Director Hubert
Hamer. "What we found is that family-owned businesses, while very diverse, are
at the core of the U.S. agriculture industry. In fact, 97 percent of all U.S.
farms are family-owned."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report is a special data series
that primarily focuses on the "family farm." By definition, a family farm is any
farm where the majority of the business is owned by the operator and individuals
related to the operator, including through blood, marriage, or adoption. Key
highlights from the report include the following five facts about family farms
in the United States: Five Facts to Know about Family Farms

1. Food equals family - 97 percent of the 2.1 million farms in the United States
are family-owned operations.

2. Small business matters - 88 percent of all U.S. farms are small family farms.

3. Local connections come in small packages - 58 percent of all direct farm
sales to consumers come from small family farms.

4. Big business matters too - 64 percent of all vegetable sales and 66 percent
of all dairy sales come from the 3 percent of farms that are large or very large
family farms.

5. Farming provides new beginnings - 18 percent of principal operators on family
farms in the U.S. started within the last 10 years.

"Whether small or large on the East Coast, West Coast, or the Midwest -family
farms produce food and fiber for people all across the U.S. and the world," said
Hamer. "It's due in part to information such as this from the Census of
Agriculture that we can help show the uniqueness and importance of U.S.
agriculture to rural communities, families, and the world."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report classifies all farms into
unique-categories based on three criteria: who owns the operation, whether
farming is the principal operator's primary occupation, and gross cash farm cash
income (GCFI). Small family farms have GCFI less than $350,000; midsize family
farms have GCFI from $350,000 to $999,999; and large family farms have GCFI of
$1 million or more. Small farms are further divided based on whether the
principal operator works primarily on or off the farm.

To access all the data products from the Census typology report, including
Highlights infographics and maps, visit www.Agcensususda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Harrodsburg Herald


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 1, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid To Farmers Show Drop

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 29


The prices that farmers got for raw products in February declined an average of
eight-tenths of 1 percent from January's prices but were still 6.6 percent above
those a year earlier, the Agriculture Department said today.

The department's Agricultural Statistics Board said lower prices for lettuce,
tomatoes, cotton and milk contributed the most to the February decrease. Higher
prices for cattle, hogs, corn and soybeans helped soften the declines for the
other commodities, however.

''Most commercial vegetable prices dropped sharply from a month earlier as
supplies became plentiful,'' the report said. ''Warm weather in the Southwest
pushed vegetable crops to maturity.''

But cattle and calf prices were the highest since May 1979 and hog prices rose
for the second consecutive month, the report said. Corn prices at the farm were
the highest since July 1986, while soybean were the highest in more than three
years.

Department economists said net cash income of farmers set a record in 1987 of
about $57 billion. This year's net - the difference between cash receipts and
cash expenses - may be in the range of $50 billion to $55 billion.

Consumer food prices are expected to rise 2 percent to 4 percent this year,
compared with a 4.2 percent average increase in 1987.

According to the preliminary February figures, based mostly on midmonth
averages, the index for crop prices was down 4.3 percent from January but
averaged 11 percent more than a year earlier.

Commercial vegetable prices dropped 33 percent from January and were down 2.2
percent from February 1987. The index for livestock and livestock products was
up 2 percent from January and 4.2 percent above Februrary 1987. Prices were
higher for beef cattle, calves and hogs. These increases more than offset
declines in milk, poultry and egg prices.

February farm commodity prices averaged 130 percent of a 1977 base used for
comparison, according to the preliminary figures, down from a revised January
reading of 131 percent. A year earlier, the February index was 122 percent.

No new figures for farm production costs were included in the report. Only
quarterly averages are calculated because of budget cutbacks.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices from Sept. '86-Feb. '88 (source: Agriculture
Dept.) (NYT)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                  May 01, 2015

U.S. Pledges Support to Agro Sector

LENGTH: 362 words


THE American government has pledged continued support to Zambia's agriculture
sector because it is vital to rural poverty reduction.

United States Ambassador to Zambia Eric Schultz said on Thursday that
sustainable agriculture is the key to food security which is subsequently the
answer to development, especially in rural areas.

Mr Schultz said once rural families attain food security, they would have enough
time to spend on other productive activities.

He was speaking during the swearing-in ceremony of 53 Peace Corps volunteers at
his home.

He said some rural families that were not food secure, spent most of their time
looking for food and neglecting activities that would help them reduce poverty.

Mr Schultz said Peace Corps volunteers would help rural families employ better
farming techniques, increase their farming produce, add more protein to their
food intake and make an income out of farming.

Agriculture Minister Given Lubinda said the new Peace Corps volunteers would
work with small-scale farmers and families through technical support.

Mr Lubinda said in a speech read for him by his permanent secretary David
Shamulenge that Peace Corps agriculture programmes were in line with
Government's agriculture extension programme.

He said Government is grateful for the continued support from the American
government and that it anticipates closer collaboration in the future.

Mr Lubinda urged the volunteers to carry out their work to the best of their
abilities.

The volunteers would be deployed to various rural areas across the country and
26 of them have been trained in rural aquaculture which mainly deals with fish
farming while 27 have been trained in linking income, food and environment.

The volunteers were also taught local languages and the Zambian culture to
enable them carry out their work effectively.

The eleven week training took place in Chieftainess Nkomeshya Mukamambo's area
in Chongwe, and in Chief Chamuka's area in Chipembi.

The two hosting chiefs were present to witness the swearing-in ceremony.

The volunteers would work in Zambia for two years. The country has 270
volunteers under the Peace Corps programme, making it the largest in Africa.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Gone Tubin': Let's learn from Cuba about sustainable agriculture

BYLINE: By Paul Rockwell Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 676 words


The Dimond Library will present an award-winning film, "The Power of Community:
How Cuba Survived Peak Oil," at 2 p.m. April 11.

With normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba, there is
awakened interest in Cuba's environmental achievements.

Urban farms are a big deal in Cuba. They're also a big deal in low-income
communities of East Bay cities: Urban Tilth in Richmond, People's Grocery,
Planting Justice, Acta Non Verba in Oakland -- grass roots organizations are
part of an international "good food revolution." Organic, urban gardeners are
seeking alternatives to oil-based industrial agriculture.

Chickens cluck in backyard coops. Kale, chard and turnips are growing in
once-vacant lots from North Richmond to East Oakland. But a big question
remains: Is sustainable agriculture possible on a national scale? Can organic,
small-scale farms actually feed masses of people?

The answer is no farther than a tropical island in the azure sea 90 miles from
Florida. According to Jason Mark, who co-managed the Alemany urban farm in San
Francisco, "Cuba is an example of how to grow food on a large national scale
without being reliant on petroleum-based inputs."

Cuba is the largest organic farming experiment in the world, the first country
to establish sustainable agriculture as a nation. When Bill McKibben (author of
"The End of Nature") visited Havana in 2005, he wrote: "There are thousands of
organopocos, community gardens in Cuba. Every vacant lot in Havana seems to be a
small farm. In respect to sustainable agriculture, it is somehow useful to know
that someone has already run the experiment."

The Cuban people turned to natural farming out of necessity, not choice, when
the Soviet Union, its oil supplier and trading partner, collapsed in 1989. The
United States tightened its embargo, and the oil cutoff caused a food calamity
that Cubans call "the special period." Without transportation, crops rotted on
the ground. Tractors fell idle. The transition from state-run, oil-dependent,
chemically drenched farms -- farms at the mercy of politics and a global market
-- to smaller, self-reliant community farms took many years.

Cuba's urban garden movement in the early 1990s was spontaneous. No government
officials needed to tell Cubans to grow food. In yards, patios, balconies,
rooftops, roadsides, Cubans young and old planted beans, okra, tomatoes, taro,
eggplants. Goats and rabbits showed up in backyards.

Facilitated by government infrastructure -- seed distribution centers,
production of new biopesticides for pest control, worm composting and college
courses in farming -- the Cuban people remade the entire country. It was a quiet
grass roots revolution more profound than any regime change or coup.

Through natural farming, Cuba became self-sufficient and turned adversity into a
model of sustainability that other countries can emulate. Organic farming
changed Cuba's diet, and the rates of heart disease, diabetes and obesity --
diet-related diseases -- declined. In 1955, Cuban life expectancy was 55 years
old. In 2005, it was 77 years. Cuba's infant mortality rate is lower than the
United States.

Dale Allen Pfeiffer, author of "Eating Fossil Fuels," writes: "Cuba has
disproved the myth that organic agriculture cannot maintain a modern nation."

With normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba, trade will
resume. Markets will open. However, Cubans are unlikely to revive industrial
agriculture. Why get back on a sinking ship? Jennifer Cockrail-King, author of
"Food and the City," interviewed Cuban farmers on her trips to Cuba.

"The farmers I spoke with were convinced that a return to industrial agriculture
would not be tolerated either by the state or by the people of Cuba,"
Cockrail-King said. "The lessons of the early 1990s were still too painfully
close."

Cuba will not go back. The only question is: Will we go forward?

A discussion will follow the film. The library is located at 2565 Fruitvale
Ave., Oakland.

Paul Rockwell, a Montclair resident, can be reached at gonetubin2@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Gone Tubin': Let's learn from Cuba about sustainable agriculture

BYLINE: By Paul Rockwell Columnist

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


The Dimond Library will present an award-winning film, "The Power of Community:
How Cuba Survived Peak Oil," at 2 p.m. April 11.

With normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba, there is
awakened interest in Cuba's environmental achievements.

Urban farms are a big deal in Cuba. They're also a big deal in low-income
communities of East Bay cities: Urban Tilth in Richmond, People's Grocery,
Planting Justice, Acta Non Verba in Oakland -- grass roots organizations are
part of an international "good food revolution." Organic, urban gardeners are
seeking alternatives to oil-based industrial agriculture.

Chickens cluck in backyard coops. Kale, chard and turnips are growing in
once-vacant lots from North Richmond to East Oakland. But a big question
remains: Is sustainable agriculture possible on a national scale? Can organic,
small-scale farms actually feed masses of people?

The answer is no farther than a tropical island in the azure sea 90 miles from
Florida. According to Jason Mark, who co-managed the Alemany urban farm in San
Francisco, "Cuba is an example of how to grow food on a large national scale
without being reliant on petroleum-based inputs."

Cuba is the largest organic farming experiment in the world, the first country
to establish sustainable agriculture as a nation. When Bill McKibben (author of
"The End of Nature") visited Havana in 2005, he wrote: "There are thousands of
organopocos, community gardens in Cuba. Every vacant lot in Havana seems to be a
small farm. In respect to sustainable agriculture, it is somehow useful to know
that someone has already run the experiment."

The Cuban people turned to natural farming out of necessity, not choice, when
the Soviet Union, its oil supplier and trading partner, collapsed in 1989. The
United States tightened its embargo, and the oil cutoff caused a food calamity
that Cubans call "the special period." Without transportation, crops rotted on
the ground. Tractors fell idle. The transition from state-run, oil-dependent,
chemically drenched farms -- farms at the mercy of politics and a global market
-- to smaller, self-reliant community farms took many years.

Cuba's urban garden movement in the early 1990s was spontaneous. No government
officials needed to tell Cubans to grow food. In yards, patios, balconies,
rooftops, roadsides, Cubans young and old planted beans, okra, tomatoes, taro,
eggplants. Goats and rabbits showed up in backyards.

Facilitated by government infrastructure -- seed distribution centers,
production of new biopesticides for pest control, worm composting and college
courses in farming -- the Cuban people remade the entire country. It was a quiet
grass roots revolution more profound than any regime change or coup.

Through natural farming, Cuba became self-sufficient and turned adversity into a
model of sustainability that other countries can emulate. Organic farming
changed Cuba's diet, and the rates of heart disease, diabetes and obesity --
diet-related diseases -- declined. In 1955, Cuban life expectancy was 55 years
old. In 2005, it was 77 years. Cuba's infant mortality rate is lower than the
United States.

Dale Allen Pfeiffer, author of "Eating Fossil Fuels," writes: "Cuba has
disproved the myth that organic agriculture cannot maintain a modern nation."

With normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba, trade will
resume. Markets will open. However, Cubans are unlikely to revive industrial
agriculture. Why get back on a sinking ship? Jennifer Cockrail-King, author of
"Food and the City," interviewed Cuban farmers on her trips to Cuba.

"The farmers I spoke with were convinced that a return to industrial agriculture
would not be tolerated either by the state or by the people of Cuba,"
Cockrail-King said. "The lessons of the early 1990s were still too painfully
close."

Cuba will not go back. The only question is: Will we go forward?

A discussion will follow the film. The library is located at 2565 Fruitvale
Ave., Oakland.

Paul Rockwell, a Montclair resident, can be reached at gonetubin2@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 19, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

JERSEY ANTICIPATING ITS BIGGEST HARVESTS OF WHEAT AND CORN

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 32, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, July 17


New Jersey is expecting bumper crops of wheat and feed corn this year, largely
as a result of farmers' switching from soybeans for fear of drought and low
soybean prices.

''It'll be the largest grain-corn crop since we began measuring in 1919, and the
biggest wheat crop since 1880,'' said Jack St. Pierre, a statistician with the
New Jersey Crop Reporting Service, adding that ''it's been a good growing year''
for virtually all crops.

''Prices at the Vineland auction have been very poor, maybe because the crop has
been such a good one,'' said Walter Ellis of the New Jersey Farm Bureau. He said
the spinach crop was large, but that prices were ''disastrous.''

''Prices are lousy,'' agreed Donald P. Persing, chief of market news for the
State Department of Agriculture. ''It's mainly because of heavy supplies coming
out of the Southeast - Georgia, Florida and so forth.''

He added that the effect on the consumer was unclear because there appeared to
be little relation between wholesale and retail prices.  Farm officials said
about two-thirds of the wheat crop had been harvested, with feed corn to be
harvested in the fall. Mr. St. Pierre said New Jersey farmers were expected to
grow 10.38 million bushels of corn for grain this year on 125,000 acres of land,
a 34 percent increase in bushels. Based on last year's prices, that should bring
in about $38 million. This corn, field corn, is intended for animal feed, and is
not to be confused with sweet corn for the table, produced in much less
abundance in New Jersey, Mr. St. Pierre said.

The wheat crop, intended primarily for human consumption, is expected to total
2.35 million bushels, up 27 percent from last year.  ''The grain farmers are
looking to a good year,'' said Calvin Wettstein, senior agricultural agent in
Hunterdon County, the state's leading feed corn county. ''The corn looks
excellent. It's well ahead of schedule.''

Mr. St. Pierre noted that the per-acre yield of corn is not spectacular this
year, and that the increased corn crop was mainly attributable to land being
diverted from soybeans. Soybean acreage is down 15 percent from last year, but
no production forecast will be made until August. Mr. Ellis noted that some
farmers might try a crop of soybeans after harvesting their wheat, a plan that
could be hampered by inadequate moisture in some sections.

While a record crop of 27 million pounds of blueberries is expected, production
of apples and peaches is likely to be average because of winter damage and
spring frosts, Mr. St. Pierre said.

Fruits and vegetables are usually the mainstays of New Jersey's farm industry,
which produced $409 million worth of harvest last year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                            October 14, 2011 Friday

EDITORIAL;
Govt must review system to support farming incomes

BYLINE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 653 words


The government should make the nation's agriculture sector internationally
competitive as quickly as possible so it can survive trade liberalization.

Measures must be hammered out to reform the farming industry, as the government
moves toward a decision to participate in negotiations on the Trans-Pacific
Partnership free trade pact involving the United States and several other
countries.

Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda visited a farming village in Gunma Prefecture and
expressed his intention to work out a basic policy to strengthen the agriculture
sector by the end of this month. We think his decision to find ways to
revitalize the nation's agriculture is reasonable, as the government and the
Democratic Party of Japan have begun coordinating views on whether Japan should
participate in the TPP talks.

The foundation of the domestic farming industry has become weak. The area of
land farm households are using is small, only two hectares on average.
Fifty-five percent of farmhouses have less than one hectare of farmland.
Productivity is extremely low because many of the farm households are so small.

Farmers are aging--the average age is 66--and they face a severe shortage of
successors. Abandoned farmland around the country totals 400,000 hectares,
equivalent to the size of Saitama Prefecture.

Farmers cannot compete

This makes Japanese agriculture vulnerable when competing with agrarian
countries such as the United States and some European countries that have huge
swaths of farmland and high productivity. The government's agriculture reform
must include creation of a system to consolidate small plots of farmland by
promoting sales and leasing of farmland, and by utilizing dormant farmland
efficiently.

In an interim report compiled in August, the government's Council to Promote the
Revitalization of Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries proposed an increase
of 20- to 30-hectare farms, more than 10 times the current average size, in the
next five years. We welcome the government's moves toward making farmland
larger.

However, it will be a challenge to consolidate and enlarge farmland.

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry is planning to start a project
that would provide subsidies to farmers lending land, so farmland of aged
farmers and others could be consolidated and put into the hands of those willing
to engage in agriculture. The ministry has included 6.6 billion yen for the
project in its budget request for fiscal 2012.

The project is aimed at encouraging farming households with a low profitability
margin to quit farming. But the ministry's budget request is too small, so the
project's effectiveness is questionable.

Noda's leadership needed

The major reason for this is the system of subsidies that support the incomes of
individual farm households, one of the DPJ's election pledges.

This dole-out measure is provided directly to all farm households who agree to
join a program to reduce rice production. This creates a situation where tiny
farm households continue to farm merely to receive subsidies.

The DPJ, the main opposition Liberal Democratic Party and its partner New
Komeito have agreed to review the income compensation system in the future.
However, the farm ministry has included 800 billion yen for the income
compensation program in its budget request for next fiscal year.

First, the program should be revised to enlarge each farm and improve
productivity by excluding tiny farmhouses from the subsidy system.

The taxation on farmland, which is treated more leniently than residential land,
must be reformed and the work by agricultural committees, which have authority
over sales and leasing of farmland in respective municipalities, must be
reviewed as soon as possible.

Time is limited and Japan must decide soon whether to join the TPP talks. The
prime minister must exercise strong leadership on agriculture reform.

(From The Yomiuri Shimbun, Oct. 13, 2011)

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 18, 2014

Sussex farmers Laura Hill and Barbara Sapp honored for service to Delaware
agriculture

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 260  words


Two Sussex County farmers with long records of leadership in First State
agriculture have been honored for their service and contributions with the
Secretary's Award for Distinguished Service to Delaware Agriculture.

Laura Hill of Lewes and Barbara Sapp of Milton are the first women to receive
the award, presented by Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee at the Delaware
Agricultural Industry Dinner held Jan. 23.

Hill, a grain, vegetable and poultry grower, serves as second vice president of
the Delaware Farm Bureau and as a member of the Delaware Nutrient Management
Commission.

Sapp is a grain and vegetable farmer who has been a member of the Delaware Farm
Bureau since 1964 and is a past member of the Nutrient Management Commission.

"Laura Hill and Barbara Sapp are two of the most outstanding leaders in First
State farming we have today," Kee said.

"Both have served their communities and state with great distinction as part of
the Delaware Farm Bureau and representing agriculture on the Nutrient Management
Commission."

Gov. Jack Markell praised their contributions to farming. "Their deep community
involvement and leadership deserve our thanks and praise."

Hill owns and operates the 2,500-acre Deerfield Farm along with her husband,
Roland, and sons Roland III and Jerad. They grow grain and vegetables, and also
operate a 105,000-capacity poultry farm.

Sapp grew up on a poultry farm and now grows peas, lima beans, wheat, barley,
corn and soybeans with her husband, Richard Sapp Sr., son Richard Jr.,
daughter-in-law Michele and grandson Richard III.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 27, 1983 Thursday

Farm incomes recovering at fast pace

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 749 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
   Farm incomes have recovered faster than expected this year because of
 crop reduction programs in the United States, the U.S. drought last summer
 and the general economic recovery, the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture and
 Food says in its annual forecast.

However, the outlook for livestock producers remains poor.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture had originally hoped to reduce corn
 production to 6.4 billion bushels from last year's 8.3 billion. But the
 drought caused so much damage that over-all production will likely be in
 the range of 4.2 billion to 4.5 billion bushels, a 49 per cent decrease
 from a year earlier.

Because production was so low, the U.S. surplus will likely drop to 14
 per cent of usage by the end of the 1983-84 crop year from 47 per cent in
 1982-83. This will buoy up Canadian prices over the coming year.

The U.S. Agriculture Department has lowered the benefits available from
 its crop reduction programs and this will likely lead to reduced
 participation in 1984. But corn price supports remain high and U.S.
 farmers may switch to this crop, increasing production to eight billion
 bushels and causing Canadian feed grain prices to fall.

The U.S. Government has shown renewed interest in alternatives to its
 farm programs and these would affect the market for Canadian products. A
 U.S. task force recently investigated crop stabilization and income
 insurance plans similar to those used in Canada and recommended a three-
 year pilot program to test the concept.

The United States is also expected to increase funding for the blended
 export credit program to $8-billion (U.S.) in fiscal 1984 from $4.8-
 billion in 1983 and to aggressively promote exports. As a result, Canada
 will face tougher competition in its traditional export markets.

As in the United States, production of the principal Ontario field
 crops was seriously affected by the hot weather this summer. Corn
 production is expected to total 4.3 million metric tons, down 18 per cent
 from a year earlier, while barley production will drop by 30 per cent to
 526,000 tons. Soybean production is forecast to decline by 16 per cent to
 709,000 tons.

Prices for these three commodities are high, but they are expected to
 drop marginally during the fall harvest before rising again in December
 and in the first quarter of 1984. Later in the year, prices will be
 determined by U.S. crop intentions.

Provincial economists expect record plantings of corn and soybeans next
 spring, at the expense of barley.

Grain farmers are benefiting from the increase in prices, but livestock
 producers are suffering from high feed costs, low beef prices and high
 interest rates. Many herds are being liquidated and this will reduce beef
 production in 1984 and 1985.

In 1984, slaughter cattle prices will gradually improve from current
 low prices and might reach a seasonal peak of $84 a hundredweight in the
 late spring. However, U.S. dairymen are expected to heavily cull their
 herds starting in the spring, holding the increase down.

Feedlots are expected to show improved profitability in late 1984, as a
 result of lower feed costs, improved feed cattle prices and reduced beef
 and pork production. However, many producers may have left the industry by
 then.

Hog prices are forecast to remain low until mid-1984 because of the
 high slaughter rate in the United States. Export markets will tighten,
 particularly in Japan, now that the Danish foot-and-mouth quarantine is
 over.

The farm machinery industry is expected to improve slightly in 1984,
 but any long term recovery will not come until farmers recover their past
 losses. The U.S. crop reduction programs have delayed the recovery of the
 machinery industry by about a year.

Depressed grain prices in 1982 and the 1983 crop reduction programs
 reduced North American demand for farm chemicals. The U.S. Agriculture
 Department reported a 1983 sales decline of 18 per cent for fertilizers, 9
 per cent for pesticides and 13 per cent for seed. Revenue dropped by about
 $2.3-billion.

In Canada, the demand for nitrogen, phosphate and potash remained
 strong with increased demand in Western Canada balancing out declines in
 the East.

The North American decline affected the Canadian fertilizer industry
 and potash plants were running at only 63 per cent of capacity.

The fertilizer market should pick up next year, with the increase in
 farm incomes and planting intentions. However, the industry is still
 plagued by over-capacity, high energy prices and offshore competition.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 28, 2004 Sunday

Beef checkoff program will face Supreme test; Justices to hear arguments on
constitutionality

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b10

LENGTH: 572 words


The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on the constitutionality of the
national beef checkoff program Wednesday. A final ruling is expected in early
2005.

In one corner are the American Farm Bureau, along with Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois
and 25 other state farm bureaus. They are joined by several other commodity
organizations, including the Iowa Cattlemen's Association, Wisconsin Cattlemen's
Association and Illinois Beef Association in filing a brief with the Supreme
Court, supporting the reversal of a lower court ruling that would end the beef
checkoff.

The beef checkoff is one of a handful of similar producer-funded commodity
research and promotion programs to be challenged in court.

Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller supports the beef checkoff. Miller and
attorneys general in 32 other states, including Wisconsin and Illinois, also
filed a brief that supports the constitutionality of the program.

In the other corner is the Campaign for Family Farms, joined by 49 farm groups
who asked the high court to uphold the lower court rulings

In 2002, U.S. District Judge Charles Kornmann ruled the beef checkoff violated
cattle producers' First Amendment rights by compelling them to pay for speech
with which they disagreed. In 2003, the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed
Kornmann's decision. In February, the Bush administration asked the Supreme
Court to review the decision. In May, the circuit court agreed.

If the high court determines the beef checkoff program is unconstitutional, the
program would be eliminated in 30 days.

*

We recently received word that "Iowa's Dairy Story" reached a milestone this
fall.

The program began in 2002 as a way to teach third-, fourth- and fifth-graders
about the dairy industry.

According to Mark Hotvedt, director of the Northeast Iowa Community-Based Dairy
Foundation, the program reached 3,000 students on Oct. 23. Students from 36
different schools located in 12 counties have used the program.

The curriculum for Iowa's Dairy Story and the daylong field trip to the
foundation's Dairy Center at Calmar has helped students understand the
importance of building skeletal strength with dairy foods in their diet. The
program teaches students about the dairy foods that are produced in northeast
Iowa on family-based dairy farms. It also explains that the industry supports
the economy with a variety of careers.

"We often hear from the kids that this is the best field trip ever," said Barb
Sauser, a specialist for youth development for the Iowa State University
Extension.

Schools can schedule a Iowa Dairy Story field trip visit for next spring by
contacting Sauser at 563/245-1451 or by e-mail at sauser@iastate.edu.

Families, too, can experience Iowa's Dairy Story with guided tours or as a
self-guided walking tour. Tourist and adult groups that would like a guided tour
should contact Mary Steen at Northeast Iowa Community College at 800/728-2256,
extension 341. Self-guided tours generally are open to the public Monday through
Friday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Dairy Foundation Center located on Iowa 150
south of the NICC campus at Calmar.

Iowa's Dairy Story is just one of the projects of the Northeast Iowa
Community-Based Dairy Foundation, whose mission is to enhance the dairy
industry.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 21, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SMALLER IS BETTER AND PRIVATE BEST FOR FARMING

BYLINE: By ANN CRITTENDEN

SECTION: Section 4; Page 9, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1100 words


An international relief worker visiting Vietnam last spring noticed a cartoon in
a Hanoi newspaper, illustrating the attitudes of farmers ''before'' and
''after'' the Government reforms that gave farmers more incentives to produce.
In the first drawing, a peasant with a cigarette dangling from his mouth is
lolling behind a buffalo plowing the fields. In the second it is night, and the
peasant is racing behind the buffalo with a lantern.

The point implicit in the cartoons and the truth that Vietnam may be reluctantly
grasping is that large-scale, factory-style agriculture, whether communist or
capitalist in organization, is simply not as efficient as tilling the land by
and for the benefit of the individual farmer.

This rule - that farms operated by the owner and his family, and at most one
additional worker, are the most productive units in agriculture - is supported
by countless studies in every part of the world, although the size of the most
efficient unit will vary depending on the amount of land the farmer-owner can
till with the equipment at his disposal. Thus, in the American Corn Belt,
maximum efficiencies may be achieved on a farm of 639 acres, tilled by several
hundred thousand dollars worth of machinery. In Bangladesh, the most efficient
farms are 5 acres or less, about the amount one rice farmer can hand-cultivate.

Once the rule is violated on a large scale, disaster strikes - as has been
illustrated by the failure of grandiose commercial farming schemes in Iran and
the Sudan, or ambitious efforts at collectivization in Ghana and Tanzania. The
reason for the phenomenon is pure Reaganomics: incentive. As former Agriculture
Secretary Orville L. Freeman said recently, ''The incentive that results when
the producer benefits directly from his efforts cannot be duplicated by large
holdings whether they are privately held, communal, cooperative, or
state-owned.''

Marxists find this reasoning particularly hard to swallow because they fear that
a vigorous kulak class could undermine their socialist goals. They have tried to
install huge factory-style state farms in the countryside, where wage-earning
proletarians climb down from their tractors at the end of their shifts, even if
planting is late or a storm is brewing. The results are in: The Soviet Union is
being fed by the United States and the Soviet peasantry are probably the poorest
white people in the world in relation to their education.

In much of the third world and in the United States, there is also the tendency
to assume that bigger is better. Yet most large-scale corporate farming
operations in this country and elsewhere have failed and Agriculture Department
studies show that even in the United States, most meaningful economies of scale
can be achieved by family-sized farming operations.

Cross-Cultural Paradoxes

For example, a study by the agriculture department last year found that in the
Corn Belt, while the most efficient farms were about 640 acres, 90 percent of
efficiencies could be achieved on farms of about 300 acres. On wheat farms in
the Northern Plains, maximum efficiencies were achieved on farms of 1,476 acres,
and 90 percent of efficiences on farms of only 232 acres. The same results held
in the five other major United States agricultural areas.

Instead of encouraging family farms, however, United States Government policy
has encouraged big operations. Large farms receive the lion's share of farm
program benefits, which are proportionate to acreage or production. Even the
progressive tax structure favors large farms, because a dollar of deductible
costs will shelter more income at the margin for larger operators who pay higher
tax rates.

Partly as a result of these policies, American ''farm assets and income have
become increasingly concentrated, and the trend appears to be accelerating,''
two economists with the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City concluded. In 1978,
they found, the largest 7 percent of farms received more than 36 percent of net
farm income, held 30 percent of all farm assets and received more than 25
percent of all Government farm payments.

Moreover, fully 40 percent of all farmland in the United States is now farmed by
someone other than the owner, as farmers who own part of and rent the rest of
the land they work have become the most prominent category of farm operators.
This pattern, combined with increasing farm concentration, has aroused some
concern. A study done during the last months of the Carter Administration
deplored the ''considerable potential for increased separation of land ownership
and farming - hence increased tenancy.''

Ironically, as the United States moves away from the owner-operated farm, some
Communist states of Asia are taking steps to restore private incentives to
agriculture. Vietnam, after several years of mismanagement, last year introduced
a system whereby farmers contract with their cooperative to produce a given
amount of rice, and keep whatever they produce above that.

In China about 8 percent of the arable land is already held in private plots and
is producing roughly 20 percent of the country's farm output. Earlier this year,
the Government decreed that up to 15 percent of land could go into family
holdings. On these plots farmers can grow what they want and consume it, feed it
to livestock or sell it to the state, which has also raised procurement prices
substantially in the past three years.

On some communes also, the Chinese have introduced the ''household
responsibility system,'' similar to the incentive schemes more recently
introduced in Vietnam. ''In China, with their pragmatism, food production could
really soar,'' said Richard Critchfield, author of a recent book on village
cultures around the world.

But the greatest potential, as he sees it, lies in the vast, warm and fertile
land of India. Sixty percent of the Indian population is landless, and 15
percent of high-caste landowners hold 75 percent of the land - a fact that more
than any other explains the perennial hunger in India, Mr. Critchfield and
others maintain. If the caste system could be broken, and that land could be
distributed to small farmers, he argues, India could become the biggest food
producer in the world.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Maine farm children

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

STORMS HELP REPLENISH SOIL; CORN STILL AHEAD;
AGRICULTURE | CROP REPORT

BYLINE:  BOB VAN ENKENVOORT   bvanenkenvoort@madison.com, 608-252-6155

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 391 words


A strong storm system dropped several inches of rain on many parts of the state
Aug. 18, which hindered field work a bit but helped replenish soil with needed
moisture, according to the United States Department of Agriculture's National
Agricultural Statistics Service.

As a result of the rain, topsoil moisture was listed 29 percent statewide as
short to very short on Sunday, compared with 41 percent the previous week.
Subsoil moisture rated as short to very short dropped from 36 percent to 31
percent statewide in that same time frame.

As of Sunday, 72 percent of the corn crop was in or beyond the dough stage, 10
days ahead of last year and six days ahead of the five-year average. The corn
crop was rated 77 percent good to excellent, compared to 76 percent the previous
week. In south central Wisconsin 88 percent of the corn crop was in or beyond
the dough state, ahead of the overall state numbers.

Ninety percent of the soybean crop had begun setting pods, four days ahead of
last year and two days ahead of the five-year average. Seventy-seven percent of
the soybean crop was rated good to excellent, 1 percentage point higher than the
previous week.

Eleven percent of the oat crop was harvested during the week, bringing the total
to 87 percent harvested, 24 days ahead of last year and four days ahead of the
five-year average.

Thirty-four percent of potatoes had been harvested statewide. Potato condition
was rated 91 percent good to excellent, the same as last week.

NASS also reported the past week that:

July Wisconsin milk production totaled 2.5 billion pounds, up 5 percent over the
previous July. The average number of milk cows during June, at 1.28 million
head, was unchanged from May but was 9,000 more than a year ago. Monthly
production per cow averaged 1,955 pounds, up 85 pounds from a year ago. That's
the highest monthly milk per cow for July on record for Wisconsin.

During the first two weeks of September, U.S. farmers will receive the service's
Sept. 1 Agricultural Survey, which is taking a comprehensive look into the 2015
production and supply of small grains, which include wheat, oats, barley and
rye, as well as collecting information about grains and oilseeds stored on
farms. Survey results will be published in the annual Small Grains Summary and
the quarterly Grain Stocks report, both to be released on Sept. 30.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Oakes Times (North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2015

Family Farms are the Focus of New Agriculture Census Data

BYLINE: The Oakes Times staff

LENGTH: 501  words


97 Percent of All U.S. Farms are Family-Owned, USDA Reports

WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural
Statistics Service (NASS) reports that family-owned farms remain the backbone of
the agriculture industry. The latest data come from the Census of Agriculture
farm typology report and help shine light on the question, "What is a family
farm?"

"As we wrap up mining the 6 million data points from the latest Census of
Agriculture, we used typology to further explore the demographics of who is
farming and ranching today," said NASS Statistics Division Director Hubert
Hamer. "What we found is that family-owned businesses, while very diverse, are
at the core of the U.S. agriculture industry. In fact, 97 percent of all U.S.
farms are family-owned."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report is a special data series
that primarily focuses on the "family farm." By definition, a family farm is any
farm where the majority of the business is owned by the operator and individuals
related to the operator, including through blood, marriage, or adoption. Key
highlights from the report include the following five facts about family farms
in the United States:

5 Facts to Know about Family Farms

1. Food equals family - 97 percent of the 2.1 million farms in the United States
are family-owned operations.

'2. Small business matters - 88% of all U.S. farms are small family farms.

3. Local connections come in small packages - 58 percent of all direct farm
sales to consumers come from small family farms.

4. Big business matters too - 64 percent of all vegetable sales and 66 percent
of all dairy sales come from the 3 percent of farms that are large or very large
family farms.

5. Farming provides new beginnings - 18 percent of principal operators on family
farms in the U.S. started within the last 10 years.

"Whether small or large - on the East Coast, West Coast, or the Midwest - family
farms produce food and fiber for people all across the U.S. and the world," said
Hamer. "It's due in part to information such as this from the Census of
Agriculture that we can help show the uniqueness and importance of U.S.
agriculture to rural communities, families, and the world."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report classifies all farms into
unique categories based on three criteria: who owns the operation, whether
farming is the principal operator's primary occupation, and gross cash farm cash
income (GCFI). Small family farms have GCFI less than $350,000; midsize family
farms have GCFI from $350,000 to $999,999; and large family farms have GCFI of $
1 million or more. Small farms are further divided based on whether the
principal operator works primarily on or off the farm.

To access all the data products from the Census typology report, including
Highlights, infographics and maps, visit www.agcensus.usda.gov.

To learn more demographic data about women farmers, join a USDA Google+ Hangout
on March 18, 2015 at 2 PM Eastern by visiting www.usda.gov/live.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OAK

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2015 Oakes Times


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Financial Post

                  September 12, 1998 Saturday WEEKLY EDITIONS

Farmers long for prices as good as the weather

BYLINE: Ian McKinnon, Calgary Bureau The Financial Post - with files from
Bloomberg;Today's Business

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: Calgary, AB


With most of their grain, oilseeds and specialty crops safely gathered in, all
Canadian farmers can do now is hope prices improve from their lowest levels in
decades.

An early spring and scorching temperatures in July and August allowed the
harvest in Western Canada to be completed early. The Alberta Wheat Pool said the
reaping was 96% finished by Sept. 8, far outstripping the 10-year average of
25%.

In Saskatchewan it was 85% finished by the same date, provincial statistics
indicate. The average for the past five years is 27%.

Rob Dzisiak, president of LFG Futures Canada Inc. in Winnipeg, estimated the
harvest in Canada as 80% complete - the earliest on record.

Getting the harvest in early benefits farmers by sheltering crops from frost and
rain. This, in turn, preserves valuable protein and eliminates the need to dry
wet grain.

However, the Asian recession, along with jittery stock and currency markets,
have pushed grain prices to 20-year lows, while those for hogs have crashed to a
25-year nadir.

'Prices are very depressed, to say the least,' said Dzisiak. 'We need to see
some stability in the world financial markets and when we see that, then
commodity prices can come back.'

The recovering, but still weak, C$  is another positive for farmers, he added.

But there was negative news from the U.S. Department of Agriculture on Friday.
It estimated the U.S. corn crop at 9.74 billion bushels, compared with traders'
figures of 9.6 billion, said Todd Prizeman of PCTS Inc. in Regina.

'The impact will be lower commodity prices and they're already under pressure
because of the financial markets and Asia.'

Besides the second-largest corn crop on record, the USDA predicted U.S. wheat
output will be the second highest of the 1990s, at 2.57 billion bushels. Its
analysts shaved US10 cents from their wheat price forecast, dropping it to US$
2.65 a bushel for the year. Wheat closed Friday in Chicago at US$ 2.58, down
about 25% from a year ago.

Expectations of strong Asian demand pushed up North American hog production, so
the drying up of that market has resulted in a glut and depressed prices,
Prizeman said.

Canola producers should benefit from stronger demand in China as a result of
flooding and reduced planting. Exports to China could hit 350,000 tonnes,
compared with an average of 110,000 tonnes.

Interest in canola on the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange was sharply higher in
August, the first month of the new crop year. The number of canola contracts
traded was up 23% at 89,457.

Total futures trading at the exchange for the month was 120,250, up 3.6% from
the previous year.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Financial Post Ltd.


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             August 7, 2012 Tuesday

Grazing open on US drought land

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 226 words


Almost four million acres of conservation land in America have been opened for
grazing and hay-making by cattle ranchers struggling to feed their
drought-stricken herds.

Counties in 12 US states have been declared 'natural disaster areas' by the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).

The states worst affected by the ongoing drought are Arkansas, Georgia,
Iowa,Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Mississippi, Nebraska, Oklahoma, South Dakota,
Tennessee, and Wyoming.

US agriculture secretary Tom Vilsack announced last week that farmers in the
Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) will now be able to take hay and graze acres
that have been ineligible in the past. Much of the conservation land has wetland
characteristics and has better quality hay and forage than the arid ranches.

Meanwhile, US farmers have also been granted a 30-day grace period to pay their
2012 crop insurance premiums.

Emergency loan interest rates to farmers have also been reduced from 3.75pc to
2.25pc.

In the past three years, the USDA has provided 103,000 loans to family farmers,
totalling more than $14bn (EUR11.4bn).

Secretary Vilsack said the assistance measures announced would help US livestock
producers to deal with rising feed prices, critical shortages of hay and
deteriorating pasturelands.

Nearly half of US soybean and corn crop has been ranked very poor to poor.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                              June 8, 2014 Sunday

Govt setting up contour farming demo in Visayas, Mindanao

BYLINE: Alladin S. Diega

LENGTH: 463  words


THE Department of Agriculture (DA) is establishing contour farming techno demo
sites for corn in the Visayas and Mindanao under the Sustainable Corn Production
in Sloping Areas  program and also as part of the government's soil erosion and
climate-change adaptation measures.

Agriculture Secretary Proceso J. Alcala said the DA has already identified
several sites in Iloilo, Bukidon, Davao and Cotabato for the techno demo sites.

"Contour farming is the practice of planting across a slope following contour
lines, thus creating a water break which reduces the formation of gullies and
rills caused by cascading water, which is a major cause of soil erosion," a
statement from the DA said.

Agriculture Assistant Secretary Edilberto de Luna said that "as per Philippine
protocols, planting in areas above 18-percent slope is prohibited, but in
reality, it is easier said than done, because farmers who have already planted
in the uplands will certainly refuse to give up their source of livelihood."

De Luna, who is also the national coordinator for the government's corn program,
noted: "It's clear to us that they [farmers] should not go and plant and
cultivate in those areas, but we also have to consider that these people have to
have a source of sustainable livelihood."

He added that the win-win solution, referring to the contour farming, "is proper
farming practice, in this case.

With the help of CropLife Philippines, a Singapore-based crop organization
advocating sustainable agriculture, the DA has already established contour
farming techno demo sites in the provinces of Isabela, Quirino, Nueva Vizcaya,
and Cagayan in Region 2.

The results, according to de Luna, "are very encouraging and many farmers are
expected to follow suit."

He also addressed the fears that if farmers engage in corn farming, part of
their harvest will be lost.

"What they may lose in corn, they will certainly gain in other cash crops," de
Luna said.

Contour farming has been practiced for centuries in other parts of the world
where irrigation farming is important. Although in the United States the
technique was first practiced at the turn of the 19th century, straight-line
planting in rows parallel to field boundaries and regardless of slopes long
remained the prevalent method.

The practice is closely related to permaculture, a concept developed in
Australia, in which shallow canals are dug along the contour of sloping areas.
The canal improves the water-absorption capacity of the soil, and in time,
mini-water streams are then developed along the area.

The concept encourages sustainable agriculture practices such as multi cropping
and the use of livestock and trees.

Permaculture is advocated in the Philippines by a local non-governmental
organization, CabioKid, based in Nueva Ecija.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Urban farming in China different;
Gardening

BYLINE: Pam Corle-Bennett

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 435 words


Last August I had the privilege to go to China with four of my Ohio State
University colleagues on an urban agriculture study tour. This was the first
time I had been to China.

As part of a United States Department of Agriculture partnership grant, our
group toured urban ag programs in Beijing, Zhengzhou, Nanjing and Shanghai in
August. In September a group of Chinese representatives from their Extension
service came to visit our OSU urban ag programs.

Most fascinating to me was the fact that urban agriculture in China is not the
same as it is in the United States.

Our urban agriculture focuses on growing food in urban areas such as community
gardens, urban farms and neighborhood gardens. Urban farming has increased in
popularity in recent years, and a lot of emphasis is on teaching people to
supplement their food with fresh produce.

OSU Extension has a signature program called Local Foods. Extension educators
and specialists around the state are working with people to create local food
programs.

I would consider urban agriculture in China similar to our agriculture
entertainment, or what's commonly called agritourism.

The focus is to help rejuvenate communities outside of the large cities by
creating an economic engine based on agriculture.

For instance, outside of Nanjing, we visited two communities that had thriving
urban agriculture. One emphasized growing tea and the other lavender.

Both of these communities had taken a crop and developed enterprises focused on
this crop. Tours of the fields, paths that you could walk, golf cart tours,
demonstrations, restaurants, shops and more all focused on the one agriculture
crop.

The goal was twofold; one was to reinvigorate the small rural communities, and
the other was to provide a respite or a relaxing atmosphere for those who live
in the city. They would drive two hours on a weekend, stay overnight in the
community, spend money and relax.

Another interesting farming practice that really blew me away was the production
of all kinds of crops in greenhouse or poly structures. These were unheated
greenhouse structures that are similar to our high-tunnel structures.

In China we saw grapes, apples, pears and bananas grown in these structures.
Again, the government was funding the use of these structures and the research.
China has a tremendous challenge in feeding the population, and they are looking
at all different kinds of ways to face this challenge.

Pamela Corle-Bennett is the state master gardener volunteer coordinator and
horticulture educator for Ohio State University Extension. Contact her by email
at bennett.27@cfaes.osu.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 30, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Farmers' Receipts Fall 2.9%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1;   Page 36;   Column 5;   Financial Desk

LENGTH: 254 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 29


Lower prices for three major crops corn, soybeans and wheat -- caused a 2.9
percent drop this month in prices farmers received for their raw goods, the
Agriculture Department reported today.

The drop from June to July was the fourth straight month of decline in the All
Farm Products Index, a composite of crops, fruit, vegetables, livestock, dairy
animals and poultry.


Compared with July 1993, prices were 5 percent lower because of price decreases
for cattle, oranges, hogs and lettuce, which more than offset increases for
rice, wheat, cotton and hay.

The index declined from June to July, despite increases for lemons, potatoes,
onions and cattle. Despite a one-month rise, the price for beef cattle is the
lowest since July 1988.

Soybean prices dropped 70 cents, to $6.02 a bushel, reflecting predictions of a
worldwide record harvest, as well as high United States production. Corn dropped
36 cents, to $2.25 a bushel, also reflecting estimates of a near-record harvest.
Wheat dropped 18 cents, to $3.03 a bushel, because of healthy production and
stagnant trade.

The index also dropped because of a fall in orange prices, from $5.31 a box to
$3.47, reflecting sluggish demand.

In an accompanying report, the department said the index of prices paid by
farmers for commodities and services had dropped five-tenths of 1 percent since
April, but was 2.1 percent higher than in July 1993.

Since April, farmers have had to pay less for feeder cattle and calves, feed
grains, feeder pigs and hay.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Farm Prices," shows index of prices recieved by farmers; all
items from Feb. 1993 to July 1994. (Source: Agriculture Department)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Olson highlights US support to small farmers in Pakistan

LENGTH: 403  words


US Ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the United States government's long-term
support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields,
protecting food sources from disease, and boosting milk production will increase
farmers' incomes, improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's
prosperity."

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC), which was
established with the help of the U.S. government in the 1980s, Ambassador Olson
said, "The United States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan
through projects that enhance agricultural productivity." The Ambassador lauded
the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project (WPEP), a United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed in collaboration with
national and provincial research partners that has successfully introduced the
UG 99-resistant wheat variety, "NARC 2011."

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community. "Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical," said Ambassador Olson. "The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to
continue your work together."

Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and
Wheat Improvement Centre, noted that without disease-resistant varieties of
wheat, such as the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimate that Pakistan's
annual wheat harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99
arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said. Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million
tons of wheat on eight million hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4
percent of the GDP.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             November 21, 1989, TUESDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

VETERAN FARMER PICKED AS STATE AGRICULTURE HEAD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 587 words


SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) - John F. ''Jack'' Rundquist, a farmer for more than
40years who has studied farming systems as far away as Europe and China, was
appointed on Monday as director of the Illinois Department of Agriculture.
Rundquist's appointment to the $65,835-a-year post is subject to confirmation by
the Illinois Senate and is effective Dec. 1. He replaces Larry Werries, who
resigned Oct. 1 to become director of intergovernmental affairs at the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.  ''Jack has been a major influence in the
agricultural community over the years, including recent contributions as a board
member and chairman of the Illinois Farm Development Authority,'' Gov. James. R.
Thompson said in a statement announcing the appointment.  ''I am confident
Illinois farmers and agriculture, in general, will benefit greatly from both
Jack's knowledge of the needs of the farming community and his vast experience
in both domestic and international farm economies.'' Rundquist said one of his
first mo ves as director would be to travel the state to meet leaders of farm
organizations.  ''I think it's great to be in the governor's Cabinet, and I want
to do a real good job representing all the farmers and agribusinesses of
Illinois, '' he said.  Rundquist, 66, of Butler, recently retired as president
of Evergreen Farms Inc. and Illini Grain and Livestock Inc. He is still part
owner of the businesses, which are being run by his son, John.  Rep. Bruce
Richmond, D-Murphysboro, chairman of the Illinois House Agriculture Committee,
also had praise for Rundquist. ''He comes highly recommended, and I think he
will be a fine director,'' he said.  Rundquist said he had ''a real positive
feeling'' about the future of farming in the state.  ''There are a lot of
problems in Illinois agriculture, but we have a great state,'' he said. ''We
have a lot of resources. We've had an excellent crop yield in most parts of the
state this year. The farm economy is looking better.'' Rundquist has visited and
studied farming in Europe, China and Mexico.  During the past nine years, he
helped develop and start a project to import Chinese hogs for research at the
University of Illinois, Iowa State University and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.  He received his bachelor's degree in agronomy from the University
of Illinois in 1946 and his master's degree in 1947.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOT of John F. ''Jack'' Rundquist...New agriculture
chief...

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 12, 1978 Thursday

USDA predicts   corn crop rise   of 7% to record

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON (DJ) - The U.S. Department of Agriculture forecasts corn
 production in the United States at a record 6.82 billion bushels, up less
 than 1 per cent from last month's forecast but 7 per cent above the
 previous record set last year.

Soybean production is forecast at a record 1.79 billion bushels, up 1
 per cent from last month's forecast and 2 per cent above last year.

Sorghum grain production is forecast at 699 million bushels, 1 per
 cent below the Sept. 1 forecast and 12 per cent less than last year.

Feed grain production (corn, sorghum oats and barley combined) is
 expected to total a record 209 million metric tons, 4 per cent above last
 year.

The department forecast that oilseed production (soybeans, cottonseed,
 peanuts and flaxseed combined) at 54.7 million metric tons, down 1 per
 cent from last year.

Food grain production (wheat, rye and rice combined) is forecast at
 55.4 million metric tons, 8 per cent less than in 1977.

Cotton production is forecast at 10.9 million bales, 24 per cent below
 1977 and 3 per cent below the Sept. 1 prediction.
  The department put sugarbeet production at 26.1 million tons, 4 per cent
 above last year. Sugarcane production is forecast at 27 million tons, up
 1 per cent.

Orange production is forecast at 215 million boxes, 2 per cent below
 last season.

The Florida frozen concentrated juice yield is projected at 1.29
 gallons a box, compared with 1.23 gallons a year ago.

Fall potato production is forecast at a record 312 million
 hundredweight, up 2 per cent from 1977.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US pledges support to Pakistani growers

LENGTH: 353  words


US Ambassador Richard Olson today reaffirmed the United States government's
long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan.

''Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat
production.

We continue our support because improving crop yields, protecting food sources
from disease, and boosting milk production will increase farmers' incomes,
improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity.''

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC), which was
established with the help of the U.S. government in the 1980s, Ambassador Olson
said, ''The United States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan
through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.''

The Ambassador lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement
Project (WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed
in collaboration with national and provincial research partners that has
successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat variety, ''NARC 2011.''

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community.  ''Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical,'' said Ambassador Olson.  ''The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to
continue your work together.''

In addition to support for the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project, the
United States has provided new harvesting machines and funded improvements to
research stations around Pakistan to develop more disease-resistant wheat
varieties.  The United States also provides specialized training opportunities
to Pakistani wheat scientists.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   November 18, 1986, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Agency says foreign grain war cost Ontario farms $51 million

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 358 words

DATELINE: KINCARDINE, Ontario


   KINCARDINE (CP) - Ontario wheat producers have lost $51 million this year
because of the world grain trade war between the United States and the European
Economic Community, a spokesman for the producers' marketing board says.

Members of the Ontario Wheat Producers' Marketing Board want a fair slice of the
$1 billion in deficiency payments Ottawa has promised Canadian grain and oilseed
farmers to offset losses, general manager Ross Addeman told the board's annual
meeting yesterday.

"We've told federal Agriculture Minister John Wise that Ontario wheat producers
are very, very seriously affected by the subsidy war," which began in 1985 and
"hasn't let up since," Addeman said in this Lake Huron town, about 70 kilometres
(43 miles) southwest of Owen Sound.

In 1984, Ontario producers received $4.58 a bushel for export wheat, but this
year the price has "been shattered" to $2.13 a bushel, Addeman said.

The Chatham-based board urged Agriculture Minister John Wise to make a
deficiency payment to Ontario's 16,500 soft wheat producers because of the
subsidy war and because of mould and sprouting problems during this year's damp
harvest, the meeting was told.

Jim Whitelaw, the board's marketing supervisor, said 75 per cent of the world's
export wheat is soft white wheat, used in pastry production. Almost all the U.S.
wheat export subsidies hurting Canada are on soft wheat, he added.

As a result of the subsidy, Whitelaw said, the board has lost traditional
customers and been forced to seek out smaller customers such as Iran, which are
not eligible for subsidized U.S. export programs.

On another topic, millers and researchers told the meeting hard red and Durum
wheats - used for bread - have caught on as crop alternatives to traditional
soft white wheats in Ontario.

But Ontario farmers were warned not to be too optimistic the province's bread
wheats can replace all hard Western Canada wheats.

"I think it could take five to 10 years to develop something useful in hard red
spring wheats in Ontario," said Ken Preston of Winnipeg, a researcher with the
Canada Grain Commission.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 25 1985, Wednesday

Optimism on grain harvest not shared

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 62252.

LENGTH: 193 words


The Ministry of Agriculture yesterday issued its preliminary estimate of a grain
harvest of between 24 million and 26.5 million tonnes this year.

The figure is higher than the forecast in The Times last Monday of little more
than 22 million tonnes, based on a questionnaire sent to farmers.


The ministry estimates yields of wheat ranging from 6.75 to 7.55 tonnes a
hectare, and 5.3 to 5.8 tonnes for barley. Comparable figures in The Times were
6.4 and 5.2 tonnes respectively.

The ministry's optimism, or pessimism if viewed in terms of likely intervention
costs, is not shared by the Department of Agriculture in the United States. It
predicts a sharp fall in EEC wheat production, from 76.5 million tonnes to 68.6
million, and a smaller drop in barley from 74.8 to 73 million tonnes.

American estimates are that lower wheat production in the United States and
Europe will be offset largely by increased Soviet production, and that the
overall output of coarse grains will be higher. That will result in continuing
depressed world prices, although domestic prices in Britain are continuing to
rise from their low point a month ago.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1985 Times Newspapers Limited


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Georgia Department of Agriculture Announces 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program Recipients

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   The Georgia Department of Agriculture (GDA) is pleased to announce the
recipients of the 2016 USDA/AMS Specialty Crop Block Grant. The Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP) funds projects that "enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops." The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA),
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has made this grant funding available, with
Georgia's share being approximately $1.07 million.





 "The goal of this grant program is to help fund projects that can produce the
highest degree of measurable benefits to Georgia's specialty crop producers, in
relation to each dollar spent," said Agriculture Commissioner Gary W. Black. "We
are encouraged by the diverse and exciting projects that were approved this year
and look forward to seeing the results of the various projects."



 This year 17 projects were awarded to various organizations including: the
Eastern Cantaloupe Growers Association, the Georgia Farm Bureau Foundation for
Agriculture, the Georgia Food Bank Association, the Georgia Fruit and Vegetable
Growers Association, the Georgia Olive Growers Association, Georgia Organics,
the Georgia Pecan Growers Association, the Georgia Watermelon Association, the
University of Georgia Research Foundation, the Vidalia Onion Committee, and the
Vineyard and Winery Association of West Georgia. The funds are dispersed to
projects that research and/or promote specialty crops in Georgia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Georgia Department of Agriculture Announces 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program Recipients

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   The Georgia Department of Agriculture (GDA) is pleased to announce the
recipients of the 2016 USDA/AMS Specialty Crop Block Grant. The Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP) funds projects that "enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops." The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA),
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has made this grant funding available, with
Georgia's share being approximately $1.07 million.





 "The goal of this grant program is to help fund projects that can produce the
highest degree of measurable benefits to Georgia's specialty crop producers, in
relation to each dollar spent," said Agriculture Commissioner Gary W. Black. "We
are encouraged by the diverse and exciting projects that were approved this year
and look forward to seeing the results of the various projects."



 This year 17 projects were awarded to various organizations including: the
Eastern Cantaloupe Growers Association, the Georgia Farm Bureau Foundation for
Agriculture, the Georgia Food Bank Association, the Georgia Fruit and Vegetable
Growers Association, the Georgia Olive Growers Association, Georgia Organics,
the Georgia Pecan Growers Association, the Georgia Watermelon Association, the
University of Georgia Research Foundation, the Vidalia Onion Committee, and the
Vineyard and Winery Association of West Georgia. The funds are dispersed to
projects that research and/or promote specialty crops in Georgia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 8, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

WAHINGTON TALK: BRIEFING;
TRAVELS WITH LEAHY

BYLINE: By WAYNE KING AND WARREN WEAVER JR.

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 54, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 182 words


Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, freely admits that he knows ''a
lot more about the problems of dairy farmers than wheat, corn and soybean
growers or farmers who raise livestock.'' Since Mr. Leahy has just become
chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, his selective ignorance has
suddenly assumed greater importance. The chairman has faced up to the problem by
scheduling a tour of Middle Western states next week to visit farms, meet
farmers and tour auction pits and equipment showrooms. He is also resigning his
seat on the busy Senate Intelligence Committee so he can devote more time to
agricultural matters.

''From the calls to my office since November, a lot of folks in the Midwest want
to know who this guy from Vermont is,'' the Senator said. ''I'm going out there
to introduce myself and to look firsthand at how our farm programs are working
or not working.'' In what could be taken as evidence of his lack of familiarity
with the nation's breadbasket, the itinerary he issued misspells Bismarck, N.D.,
one of the cities on his tour, dropping the ''c.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cartoon

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 24, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Grain, Soybeans Soar; Cattle Prices Advance

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 14, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 443 words


Grain and soybean futures soared yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade in
response to farmers' plans to substantially reduce their production.

Prices soared in early trading in response to the report released Tuesday by the
Agriculture Department that said enrollment in acreage reduction programs,
primarily the payment-in-kind program, was much greater than had been expected.

''The supply-demand picture has changed and prices have to adjust accordingly,''
said Susan Hackmann, a grain analyst with A.G. Becker.  Commission houses, which
handle accounts for investors, were among the buyers throughout the session,
sources at the floor said.  The buying was sufficient to keep prices at their
higher opening levels even though one professional firm, which buys and sells
large amounts of grain to profit from small price changes, reportedly sold 25
million bushels of corn, sources said.

Prices leveled off through most of the session after the initial spurt.
Analysts said there was a note of caution as the United States Department of
Agriculture was to release a report after the close of trading on projected
supply and demand balances. Analysts said the report was neutral for wheat and
soybeans but could prompt still higher prices for corn.

Wheat settled 12 cents to 12 3/4 cents lower with the contract for delivery in
May at $3.66 1/2 a bushel; corn settled 7 1/2 cents to 8 1/4 cents lower with
May at $3.08 3/4 a bushel; oats were 3 1/2 cents to 4 cents lower with May at
$1.66 1/2 a bushel, and soybeans were 23 1/2 cents to 25 3/4 cents higher with
May at $6.34 1/2 a bushel.

Live cattle prices continued advancing and live hogs and frozen pork bellies
continued falling on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.  ''Cattle held like a
million dollars,'' said Art Paulsrud, a livestock analyst in Chicago with
Cargill Investor Services.  He said fundamental factors, those inherent in the
products themselves, helped raise prices as weather has put cattle in feed lots
under stress and the number of animals ready for market appears too small to
meet demand.

He noted that open interest, the number of outstanding contracts, climbed
sharply Tuesday, an indication that there is strong support for the contracts.

A wide array of factors depressed live hog prices, Mr. Paulsrud said, as the
number of animals available for marketing is large, the market psychology is
negative and the technical factors such as trends on price charts ''look
terrible.''

Frozen pork bellies for delivery the remainder of this year were down the 2-cent
limit allowed by the exchange and those for delivery next year were down as
well, though not so sharply.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 3, 2003, Saturday

ANOTHER BLOW FOR US SHEEP FLOCK

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 149 words


THE sheep flock in the United States is forecast to continue on a declining
trend in 2003, in spite of Government assistance programmes, leading to an eight
per cent decline in production and higher lamb prices.

The United States Department of Agriculture claims that the drought has offset
benefits from the US$ 100 million (pounds 62 million) three-year Lamb Industry
Assistance Package.

This package included direct payments to sheep producers, animal health
initiatives, marketing and promotion programmes and Government purchases of
lamb.

The wool subsidy programme was also re-instated for the 2002-2007 wool
production seasons.

The reduction in US lamb supply will partly be made up from imports, which are
expected to increase by nearly two per cent from last year. This is dramatically
slower than the 12.5 per cent growth in 2001 and 11.2 per cent in 2002.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 16, 1977, Wednesday, Final Edition

U.S. to Cut '78 Grain Crop;
Carter Moves to Reduce '78 Grain Harvest;
No Food Price Rise Seen

BYLINE: By Dan Morgan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 623 words


President Carter took action yesterday to reduce the amount of corn, barley and
sorghum growth by American farmers next summer by 7 million tons - a step deemed
necessary because of slumping grain prices and a huge buildup of unsold stocks.

Officials said they did not expect a possible wholesale increase in these grain
prices to generate higher retail food prices - and they left open the
possibility that the decision could be revoked before corn is planted next
spring if shortages develop in World grain markets.

American corn is the world's largest crop and corn is the commodity most closely
tied to overall food prices because it is the main feed for beef, dairy cows,
hogs and poultry.

The decision to reduce production next year by giving farmers strong incentives
to idle cropland was made by President Carter yesterday, the final day for
making the announcement.

Annoncing the actions, Deputy Secretary of Agriculture John White said that it
was "a matter of great domestic and international concern." Carter reportedly
agonized over the decision until the last minure, weighing the potential impact
on food prices at home as well as the availability of corn to foreign countries
which buy one-quarter of the entire U.S. crop.

The United States supplies more than half the corn imported by foreign
countries.

A number of contries - including Japan, East Germany, Italy and the Soviet Union
- buy most of their corn from the United States.

Latest Department of Agriculture estimates are that the Soviet Union may order a
record 10 million metric tons of corn from the United States this year - more
than in any previous year.

Iran, whose leader met yesterday with Carter, had become a major customer for
American corn to feed its growing livestock herds in recent years.

American farmers last summer grew the biggest crop of animals feed grains in
history and the Department of Agriculture estimates that 43.5 million metric
tons will still be unsold when farmers harvest the 1978 crop.  That is the
largest stockpile since 1972.

Authorities said that prices recieved by farmers now are below what it costs
them to produce the grain.  Unless prices move up, the administration is facing
the prospect of having to make substantial payments to farmers under the new
price support and income gurantee program approved recently by Congress.

Under the land "set-side" plan announced yesterday, farmers are not required to
idle any land - but there are strong incentives for them to do so.  Farmers who
don't will not be eligible for price supports or for income subsidies if grain
prices stay low.

The plan also applies to barley and sorghum, the other major animal feed grains.

If a farmer decides to adhere to the government plan, he will have to idle one
acre of land for every 10 acres of corn, barley grain sorghum that he plants.
Government agents will verify compliance.

THe department estimates that this will result in 7 million tons less grain - a
three per cent reduction of U.S. total production, and a 1 per cent cutback in
world production of those grains.

The administration still has the option of revoking the cutback after it reviews
the world grain situation in January and February, White said.

He said that the program has the advantage of saving energy, since it will
reduce the amount of area cultivated and harvested with gasoline-petroleum-based
fertilizer, pesticides and insecticides.

"The feed grain set-aside also supports good conservation," White said in a
press release.  "It is an effective tool to take the presurre off farmers to use
their marginal lands to raise crops and provide encouragement to farmers to
concentrate their production on prime agricultural lands."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             May 05, 2016 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

LENGTH: 302 words


Lifting Embargo Would Give Cuba More Access to Farming Chemicals - US Lawmaker

WASHINGTON, May 4 (Sputnik) - Cuba will get greater access to farming chemicals
when the United States lifts the trade embargo on the island nation, US
Congresswoman Chellie Pingree said in a release on Wednesday.

"When the embargo eventually is lifted, the Cubans will have more choices in
what their agriculture system looks like - they will have more access to
chemicals if they want them," Pingree stated. "We aren't here to tell them what
they should do, but we do want to share what we know about the organic market in
the United States."

Pingree explained that Cuba has not had access to most fertilizers and
pesticides since the fall of the Soviet Union, and had to develop organic and
urban farming practices.

The congresswoman is currently visiting Cuba with a group of experts in organic
farming who will be meeting with Cuban farmers, small business owners and
government officials.

Pingree already met with US Ambassador Jeffery DeLaurentis to discuss the
benefits of lifting the trade embargo on Cuba.

She noted there are tremendous opportunities to advance trade between the United
States and Cuba, which will create jobs and grow their economies, especially
with respect to agriculture.

"But trade has to be two-way, and it's important for the Cubans to see there is
interest in buying what they produce - particularly if they are able to maintain
their organic practices," Pingree added.

In December 2014, President Barack Obama announced the United States would begin
to normalize relations with Cuba after more than 50 years of non-engagement and
hostilities. While the two countries reopened embassies in their respective
capitals in July 2015, the congressionally-mandated US trade embargo continues
to remain in effect.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Dalby Herald (Queensland)

                                 April 15, 2014

Champion of farming to inspire youngsters

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 327  words


DALBY'S Alexander Stephens' passion for cotton is set to inspire students across
Australia.

Alexander has been named in the 2014 Art4Agriculture Young Farming Champion
(YFC) team.

The YFC team will visit schools across Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria
representing the Archibull program.

Alexander spent his childhood on the Darling Downs surrounded by cotton and
obsessed with machinery.

At the age of 18, he graduated from the Australian Agriculture College Dalby
campus with a diploma in agriculture.

Alexander worked in farmhand and caretaker roles in southern Queensland before
heading overseas, working with a harvest contractor across the United States.

Since his return to the Australian cotton industry in 2012, Alexander has worked
on an irrigated cotton and dryland grain farming property near Goondiwindi.

He is currently completing a diploma in cotton production, through the
University of New England.

He said it was essential for communities to build on their farming assets.

"That's why I see that it is very important to build relationships outside the
farming community, to show how professional Australian farmers are generating
pride in the community and abroad for what they grow and produce," Alexander
said.

The Archibull Prize is an in-school program encouraging students to learn about
sustainable agriculture and environmental issues through art and multimedia.

Cotton Australia CEO Adam Kay said the YFCs provided a human face behind
Australian agricultural production to students and teachers.

"To see the growing understanding of what it takes to sustainably farm cotton
represented through art is a testament to the quality of the schools and the
talent of the students who participate in the Archibull program," Mr Kay said.

Cotton Australia provides funding and in-kind support to the Archibull Prize
program and YFC team.

The other three 2014 Cotton Australia Art4Agriculture YFCs are Laura Bennett,
Naomi Mulligan and Dwayne Schubert.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TDH


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               August 4, 1999, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

ORGANIC FARMERS WOULD BE BETTER THAN ONE-CROP PLANTATIONS

BYLINE: E.G. Vallianatos

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B7

LENGTH: 782 words


I have flown enough from Washington, D.C. to San Francisco and back --across the
continental United States -- to say with certainty that the country is very
beautiful, but very empty of people. Indeed, a foreigner could easily conclude
that the United States is unsettled.

One sees the land divided into huge geometrical sections for agricultural
production. I say "production" because the nearly 400 million acres of land
devoted to raising food have been converted to an industrial factory fueled by
agrotoxins, fertilizers, machinery, high-tech science, workers and,
increasingly, bioengineered seeds and animals for the manufacture of huge
amounts of a handful of crops, like wheat, rice, soybeans, corn and cotton --
and meat.

This American food factory has unsettled the United States with ruinous effects
on the small family farmers and rural America. Some examples:

1. Birds are losing havens in which they are born and live. Millions die with
each agricultural season. For instance: The Salton Sea in southern California
was created as a holding pond for the poisoned wastes of the billion-dollar
cotton and vegetable plantations of a handful of agri-businessmen. The dying
Salton Sea is an ecological catastrophe that poisons thousands of migrating
birds every year and kills even more fish and wildlife. Nearly all federal and
state efforts to do something about the massive killing of wildlife at Salton
Sea fail to address the pathology of the "production" agriculture of the
Imperial Valley. Instead, the proposed "solutions" tend to consider how to
dilute the killing agents, never how to do away with them.

2. Biological diversity is almost unthinkable in an agricultural system like
that of the Imperial Valley or the continuous corn, soybean and cotton
plantations of rural America. The indiscriminate killing of agrotoxins --
poisoning insects, plants, birds and other wildlife -- simplifies the ecosystem,
thus making it more vulnerable to drought, the warming of the Earth and disease.

Fertilizers are also big simplifiers of nature. They destroy biological
diversity by poisoning indigenous species and favoring the growth of a few
exotic plants. And, of course, the perpetual sowing of the same crop in
thousands of continuous acres leaves no room for competition from anything else.
Plantations of one crop are biological deserts.

DESPITE its awkward name, "organic" farming, an agricultural system that in
principle does not use agrotoxins, provides a way out of the toxic and
unsustainable model of conventional agriculture. Organic farming uses but a tiny
fraction of the immense expanse of land devoted to giant agriculture. Yet the
significance of organic farming far exceeds its size. It is living proof that
food can be grown without toxins in very productive and profitable small farms.
Per acre, organic farmers produce as much or more and earn more money than the
conventional farmer.

Organic farmers cause considerably less stress on the land and practically no
fatal threats to wildlife and biodiversity. In addition, organic farming
preserves and uses eons-tested traditional agricultural knowledge and seeds,
which, with the most advanced agroecological science, offer a unique opportunity
to re-establishing an agricultural system in the United States that is both
pro-family farmer and pro-nature.

But the United States is not alone in the world. What food and how other
societies grow their own food make a difference in the global environment for
birds, biodiversity and balance of life in the entire planet.

Professor Hugh Iltis, a renowned botanist from the University of Wisconsin, has
been saying that peasants in the tropics do such a great job in protecting and
perpetuating agricultural biodiversity that the rich countries of Europe and
North America ought to pay them to continue with their sustainable farming
practices while preventing the introduction of conventional methods of
industrialized agriculture in Africa, Latin America and Asia.

Iltis speaks passionately about freezing the genetic landscape where peasants
work the land so that humanity's rich heritage of healthy crops and animals can
survive, and small family farmers resettle rural America and the countrysides of
the world. Indeed, we can help Africa bring back into farming its fantastic
diversity of food crops so that more Africans eat more and better and we can
borrow some of that genetic richness to strengthen our agriculture.

This week, as the Missouri Botanical Garden hosts the 16th International
Botanical Congress, we're exploring key issues that are already defining our
future: biodiversity, sustainability and bioengineering.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Commentary Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                August 12, 2016

Farming vital for humanity

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 333  words



HIGHLIGHT: Hub on politics, Broncos and Burnett


HUB RATTLES

BILL ROBERTS

THE worldwide fluctuations of weather are intrinsically the energy stimulation
of agriculture.

The weather as such is completely beyond the influence of the farming community.

Weather or not and whether or not agriculture is a seasonal science and
assessable entirely by the farming community.

Farming is fundamental and necessary for the continuity of humanity in basic
assessment.

The "A" in Australia stands for Agriculture and the Free Trade Deal with China
is a perfect example of producer and consumer.

Capital cities don't grow crops!

Hilary Clinton

WHY wouldn't Hilary Clinton become the first woman President of the United
States?

Worldwide women have been outstanding organisers as they are in the family home.

After all the United States is the family home of many people and housekeeping
is in the same category of governmental procedure.

The new Prime Minister of Great Britain is a woman with the score of the board.

Worldwide woman excel in housekeeping and nations are just big houses.

The proof is in the maternal mastery!

Brisbane Broncos

THE Broncos have become pious ponies and dependant on "Thanks for the memory"
statistics.

Wayne Bennett has lost none of his skills and the deficiency is in the
performance presentation.

Queensland is not a performing State at the moment and maybe that status is
contagious!

The Bronco blight is not evident in the farming sector where trade in livestock
is expansive!

The term Broncos has agricultural affinity!

Murgon and Cherbourg

THE South Burnett is a region of panorama and productivity and proximity to
coast and city.

The agricultural potential of the South Burnett is enhanced by two huge water
storages BP Dam and Lake Boondooma.

Murgon is an aboriginal word meaning "mushroom" and its own period of progress
has amplified the meaning of the name.

Further meaning of Murgon has been amplified by the neighbouring sitting with
the Aboriginal Community of Cherbourg.

The South Burnett is regionally resident and agriculture affluent.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2013

Documentary on Delaware farming to air on WHYY-TV starting July 19

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 256  words


A new documentary on the history and future of Delaware agriculture will air on
WHYY-TV in time to kick off the Delaware State Fair.

"Delaware Agriculture: Farming the First State," a 30-minute documentary, will
be broadcast at 5:30 and 11 p.m., Friday, July 19; 11 a.m., Sunday, July 21, and
5:30 p.m., Monday, July 22. The documentary will also be released online in a
series of weekly installments at contentdelaware. org, starting July 19, and
copies are being made available to agricultural and community groups for
screenings.

The film was created and produced by Wilmington-based TELEDUCTION and its
nonprofit initiative, Hearts and Minds Film.

The film introduces viewers to the history of the state's agricultural industry
and the depth and breadth of modern-day farming, with decades of historic
photographs and new interviews with six Delaware farmers.

"We hope that this documentary will help educate Delawareans about the long and
proud history and heritage of farming here in the First State," said Secretary
of Agriculture Ed Kee, who narrates the film. The documentary features farmers
Stanley C. West of Milford, a lima bean grower; Jim and Janet Mitchell of
Woodside Farm Creamery, Hockessin; Curt Fifer of Fifer Orchards, Camden-Wyoming;
Charlie Smith of T.S. Smith & Sons, Bridgeville; Mark Collins of DMC Farms,
Laurel, a watermelon grower; Charles Postles of Milford, a poultry farmer; Larry
and Mike Jester of Jester Farms, grain farmers from Middletown; and Brandon and
Ashley Bonk of Wheel of Fortune Farm, Leipsic.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                           September 27, 2010 Monday

American organics expert at North Coast workshops

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 338  words


THE Wollongbar TAFE campus is offering workshops with American agricultural
scientist Paul Hepperly at Grafton, Tweed, Casino and Wollongbar in November.

Mr Hepperly grew up on a family farm in Illinois and holds a PhD in plant
pathology, an MSc in agronomy and a BSc in psychology from the University of
Illinois at Champaign-Urbana.

He has worked for the United States Department of Agriculture's Agricultural
Research Service, in academia, and for a number of private seed companies. He
has witnessed the move toward biotech among the traditional plant-breeding
community and the move toward organics among a new wave of upcoming young
farmers.

He is a Fulbright Scholar and multiple science, humanitarian and business awards
winner.

In May 2004 Mr Hepperly was awarded the Rachel Carson Sense of Science Award for
work on carbon sequestration in organic and conventional farming systems.

From 2002 to 2009 he led research and training at the Rodale Institute in the
United States. Based on its long-term scientific research, the institute
outreaches practical information to farmers who are interested in organic and
sustainable farming systems. Visit www.rodaleinstitute.org.

The institute's Farming Systems Trial (FST) is the longest on-going experiment
that evaluates the effects of conventional and organic systems on soil health,
plant production, economics, energy requirements, water quality and other areas.
The FST is now in its 28th year.

Mr Hepperly co-authored the popular Rodale online Organic Agriculture course. He
has authored more than 180 articles and publications.

He also has worked closely with USDA researchers to prove the capacity of
mycorrhizae to reduce greenhouse gases.

His work is devoted to the global need for repairing agriculture and the
environment using systems including advanced scientific and practical composting
methods, organic no-till systems developed at Rodale, bio-char application and
vermiculture.

Details for the SoilCare Expo and the workshops are available at
www.soilcare.org

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LRW


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 11, 1980 Tuesday

U.S. harvest estimate raised for soybeans, cut for corn

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 274 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The U.S. Agriculture Department has raised by 1 per
 cent its estimate of the U.S. soybean harvest to 1.77 billion bushels and
 slightly trimmed its estimate of the corn harvest by 10 million bushels to
 6.46 billion bushels.

The slight revision in the department's monthly crop estimate confirms
 expectations of tight grain and animal feed supplies in coming months
 along with continued high prices. The latest crop estimate means the 1980
 corn harvest is about 17 per cent smaller than last year's and the soybean
 crop is about 22 per cent smaller. Last summer's drought was the principal
 cause of the relatively poor yield.

The Agriculture Department estimated the U.S. cotton harvest at 11.2
 million bales, down 3 per cent from the previous estimate and 23 per cent
 smaller than last year.

Separately, the department substantially cut its estimate of the Soviet
 grain harvest to 185 million metric tons from the 205 million tons
 estimated last month. The revision follows reports out of the Soviet Union
 that the harvest there might be as small as 181 million tons because of a
 cold and wet spring and unseasonably moist harvesting weather.

The department also lowered by 1.5 per cent its estimate of world-wide
 grain production to 1.5 billion tons. Besides the unexpectedly poor crop
 in Russia, smaller crops in China, Eastern Europe, Australia, Argentina
 and Brazil also contributed to the lower world estimate.

In the United States the department trimmed to 22.9 million short tons
 from 23.2 million its estimate of the sugar beet harvest. It also put U.S.
 tobacco production at 1.78 billion pounds, up 17 per cent from last year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 24, 2010

La. awarded grant to enhance specialty crops

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Agriculture and Forestry Commissioner Mike Strain, D.V.M., said the Louisiana
Department of Agriculture and Forestry (LDAF) awarded more than $350,000 of
grant money for research, educational and marketing projects to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Louisiana.

The funding came from a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) grant
program and gave $55 million to state agriculture departments for projects that
pertain to specialty crops. The LDAF received $353,448 for the program.

Strain said to review applications, LDAF formed a four-member panel with
combined expertise in biological sciences, horticulture, fruit production,
vegetable production, dairy production and commodity marketing to review
applications.

The five projects funded are as follows:

The LSU AgCenter will conduct a study of pecan scab disease to evaluate and
compare the use of phosphorous-based fungicides and fertilizers on the disease.

The AgMagic Youth Education Program will be conducted by the LSU AgCenter.

A new marketing program called "Louisiana Grown. Real. Fresh." to promote local
specialty crops will be administered by the LDAF.

The Louisiana Pecan Growers Association will implement a Louisiana pecan
nutrition awareness marketing program.

The LSU AgCenter will conduct a study to identify weed management strategies to
maximize profits for the Louisiana sweet potato industry.

The projects will be completed during a one to three year span.

"Part of what makes Louisiana unique is its abundant variety of specialty crops
like sweet potatoes, tomatoes, strawberries and pecans, to name a few," Strain
said. "All of the proposals were beneficial, but the panel and I agreed these
five projects will serve the state's specialty crops needs best at this time."

Michelle Estay, LDAF commodity promotion and research director, said she expects
the specialty crop grant program to be funded next year and anticipated
accepting applications for 2011 project proposals early next year.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 The Jena Times


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 21, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

HOPE FOR STABLE FOOD PRICES APPEARS BRIGHTER

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 637 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 20


With the autumn harvest nearing its peak, supplies of livestock and grain on
American farms are larger than last year and the hopes for another three months
of comparatively low food prices are brighter.

But for this country's farmers, who insist they are still not enjoying the same
recovery as the rest of the economy, these rising quantities indicate little or
no chance for improvement in their profit margins.

The food portion of the Consumer Price Index had been rising slowly for the past
three months. But economists now expect that next week's report on consumer
prices will show a decline in food costs.

Last month the index of prices received by farmers fell again, as it did in the
preceding four months, while the prices farmers pay to operate stayed the same.
For the past three years, farmers' costs have been rising while their prices
have either stayed the same or fallen.

Poultry Surge Predicted


By way of good news for consumers, an Agriculture Department report issued
Thursday showed that more beef cattle are now being fattened for market than had
been expected. There were also more pigs in the fattening pens than anticipated.

Another surge in the supply of poultry appeared certain as broiler raisers
increased the number of chicks they are feeding.

In its October crop production report, the department said it expected this
fall's production of corn, the principal livestock feed, to exceed 7.5 billion
bushels, an 80 percent increase over last year's crop, which was cut in half by
drought and reduced plantings. On top of this, 1984 production of wheat, rice,
and rye, the food grains, was at bumper levels.

The department said this fall's potato crop is going to be at least 5 percent
larger than last year and peanut farmers are producing the largest crop on
record.

And, except for Texas, the citrus growing states have had a better fall than
last year and the department expects a 10 percent increase in oranges over last
season, though this will still be much less than 1982 production.

Among the major farm products, the only exception to these rising trends was
milk. The Government's new price support program, under which dairy farmers are
paid not to milk as many cows, has reduced total milk output in the past nine
months by nearly 3 percent. The forecasters expect that in November and
December, the rate of milk production will drop to 4 percent less than last
year.

But for the taxpayers, this drop in milk production, combined with an increase
in consumption of butter and cheese, has meant sharply reduced amounts of
surplus dairy products the Government has had to buy this year.

Market Analysts Surpirsed

Market analysts were surprised by the seasonal increase in fattened beef cattle
as well as by the size of the summer pig crop. They had expected a greater
decline in cattle numbers as ranchers responded to stagnant beef prices by
reducing their herds. They had also expected that this drop in supply would mean
higher retail beef prices by now.

Roger Berglund, a spokesman for the National Cattlemen's Association in Denver,
said his group had been surprised at the 12 percent rise in the number of beef
animals placed in feed lots for fattening last month.

''That means,'' he said, ''that there will certainly be a lot more beef marketed
in the next three months than we expected. The general reduction of cattle herds
is continuing. But it looks like the rise in beef prices we'd been expecting
this fall has been postponed until next year.''

His organization's latest survey of retail beef prices, made on Oct. 11, showed
an average price of $2.47 a pound, a drop over the month of 7 cents. This
brought the average retail beef price back down to last January's level after it
hit a 1984 high of $2.60 in June.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                 March 14, 2008

Louisiana farmers cultivate top-grade public opinion

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 894  words


Three-quarters of Louisianians have favorable opinions of farmers and farming in
Louisiana, according to a recent statewide survey.

The scientific study conducted by Market Research Insight for the Louisiana Farm
Bureau Federation and the LSU AgCenter showed 75 percent of those polled said
they had favorable or very favorable opinions about farmers and farming in the
state. Only 3 percent expressed unfavorable opinions, while 22 percent had
either neutral opinions or expressed no opinion when asked, "Do you have a
favorable or unfavorable opinion of farmers and farming in Louisiana?"

Generally, most responses to questions in the survey were favorable toward
agriculture and reflected that Louisianians seem to possess a good body of
knowledge about the current state of affairs for the industry.

For example, 60 percent of the respondents already knew that one of every five
jobs in the United States is related to agriculture, and a whopping 92 percent
disagreed that farmers earn too much money.

"It's good to see that so many people look upon farmers and farming in a
favorable light," said Louisiana Farm Bureau President Ronnie Anderson. "That
speaks highly of the men and women involved in agriculture in Louisiana. "

As for their knowledge about Louisiana's agriculture and natural resource
industries, 71 percent of those responding to the survey knew animals can be a
valuable source of medical products, 78 percent already knew Louisiana farmers
participate in voluntary programs that support environmental quality and
conservation and 79 percent knew farming and wildlife can coexist in the same
geographic area.

Despite several demonstrations of the extensive public knowledge of the facts
about Louisiana's industry, however, the survey didn't show the state's populace
has all-encompassing knowledge. One example came when less than half of those
questioned said they were aware forestry is the state's largest industry based
on agriculture and natural resources.

The forestry and wood products sector is indeed the state's largest agricultural
industry - contributing more than $4.2 billion to Louisiana's economy in 2007,
according to the soon-to-be-published 2007 Louisiana Summary of Agriculture and
Natural Resources from the LSU AgCenter. That sector is part of the overall
agriculture and natural resources industries that meant nearly $10.9 billion to
the state last year, with other leaders including poultry, feed grains, sugar
cane, horses, marine fisheries, cattle, rice, aquaculture (catfish, crawfish,
etc.), cotton and soybeans.

"Although this survey has shown people know a lot about Louisiana agriculture,
it also shows that we still have some work to do," said Dr. Paul Coreil, vice
chancellor and director of extension for the LSU AgCenter. "We definitely need
to continue our work of educating the public about where their food and fiber
come from, as well as what agriculture means to the state's economy. "

The 500 respondents to the survey, which was conducted between Feb. 12 and Feb.
15, were from across the state. All were 18 years old or older, and they were
relatively equally distributed geographically - 32 percent from Acadiana, 24
percent from the Florida Parishes, 26 percent from the northern parishes and 18
percent from Orleans Parish/the New Orleans metro area.

Among the other results from the survey:

- 77 percent of those surveyed realized the use of pesticides had increased the
yields of crops, and 74 percent knew biotechnology has increased the pest
resistance of plants.

- 74 percent of the respondents agreed agriculture is a large employer in
Louisiana.

- Most of those surveyed (68 percent) agreed that pesticides can be used safely
when producing food, and nearly that many (60 percent) disagreed that only
organic methods should be used to produce food. About 66 percent also disagreed
that agricultural practices in Louisiana are harmful to the environment.

- 81 percent of those polled agreed farm grains are becoming an important energy
source in the United States, but only 32 percent said a strong agricultural
industry is more important than a strong military.

Of those polled, 41 percent were college graduates. About 25 percent said they
had "some college" but no degree. Those who had not completed high school made
up 8 percent of the respondents, and 26 percent of those surveyed had not gone
beyond high school graduation.

Market Research Insight, which conducted this survey, is based in Gulf Breeze,
Fla., and is one of the nation's leading market research firms. The company is
well known for accurate and insightful analysis that produces winning strategies
for business, industry and political campaigns, and its officials say it leads
the industry through satisfied clients, accurate results and innovative
technologies.

The Louisiana Farm Bureau Federation is the state's largest organization
representing farmers and ranchers. It is a private, nonprofit, non-governmental
agency established in 1922 to bring a voice to agricultural issues.

The LSU AgCenter is the state's only educational institution dedicated solely to
research and outreach on day-to-day matters that affect people's living
standards. A campus of the LSU System, it provides individuals, families,
businesses, industries and local governments with valuable information to
improve economic conditions and quality of life.*

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 14, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

WORLD GRAIN RESERVES MAY DROP BY MID-1981

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 13


World grain reserves may decline by mid-1981 to their lowest level in five
years, partly because of a reduced United States corn harvest this year, the
Agriculture Department said today.

Projections showed that global stocks of wheat and so-called coarse grains such
as corn and barley may be about 164.9 million metric tons, down 7 percent from
an estimated 176.7 million on hand this July 1. (A metric ton is equal to about
2,205 pounds.)

According to department statistics, that would be the lowest level of grain
stocks in the world's major producing and trading nations since 1975 and 1976,
when reserves declined to historic lows of about 119 million metric tons in each
of those two years.

Improved harvests subsequently helped rebuild stockpiles, reaching a peak of
200.9 million metric tons on July 1, 1979. But world grain use also has been
increasing and has helped squeeze the supply.

A metric ton, which is used commonly in world grain trade, is equal to 36.7
bushels of wheat, or 39.4 bushels of corn.

1980 Corn Harvest Estimate

Based on Aug. 1 conditions, the United States Agriculture Department estimated
that the 1980 corn harvest, hit severely by drought, totaled about 6.6 billion
bushels - 168.8 million metric tons - which was down sharply from prospects last
month and 14 percent below 1979 production.

Coupled with crop deteriorations in some other parts of the world from prospects
a month ago, including harvests in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, total
world grain production in 1980-81 is not as large as it had appeared, the report
said.

That has helped boost grain prices, particularly for corn and other coarse
grains. Despite the increases, the report said ''overall consumption outside the
United States is still expected to rise moderately'' in the year ahead.

The wheat and coarse grain figures do not include rice, one of the world's major
food staples. The report said the global rice outlook ''is essentially
unchanged'' from last month.

Rice production is forecast at a record of 394 million metric tons ''as
production prospects continue favorable throughout the important South and
Southeast Asian rice producing regions,'' it said.

The United States is expected to produce a record rice harvest this year,
estimated at 146.1 million, 100-pound bags, equal to more than 6.6 million
metric tons.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

USDA Helps Military Veterans Explore Agriculture as a Career

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: The United States Department of Agriculture has issued the
following Press release:



 Before serving in my current role at USDA, I served eight years in the U.S.
Army and the Iowa National Guard, including a 15-month mobilization and
deployment as a combat engineer in Kandahar, Afghanistan. During my tour, I saw
firsthand the tremendous scope of unique skills, experiences and perspectives
held by those who serve in our armed forces.





 Those exact same skills can be an excellent fit for farming and ranching, which
is why USDA is increasing its efforts to introduce agriculture as a career
possibility to the 1,300 new veterans and their families who return to civilian
life each day.



 Everyone at USDA plays an active role in that effort, from the national office
in Washington, D.C., to each of the 2,100 county offices in nearly every rural
county in America, all staffed by 100,000+ employees - - including 11,000
veterans.



 One such person is Cassondra Searight, an outreach coordinator in Alabama with
the Farm Service Agency (FSA). A veteran of the U.S. Navy, Searight is promoting
Agriculture Secretary Vilsack's mission to help veterans get into farming by
coordinating statewide seminars in Alabama to help active duty military,
veterans and their families transition or continue in farming, ranching and
other agriculture-related jobs.



 Cassondra told me these seminars, entitled "Farm Foundations for Veterans,"
will be an excellent way for active duty members to explore farming on a small
scale before they leave the military and acquire the prerequisite experience
needed to scale up their operation when they are ready to start their next
career as producers.  The first seminar begins April 5 to April 7, and others
are scheduled for May and June.



 The event, hosted by FSA in partnership with the National Center of Appropriate
Technology (NCAT), will provide information on getting started in farming, how
to qualify for government programs that reward land stewardship and conservation
efforts, pursuing profitable niche markets, developing a business plan and
organic certification. Other topics include livestock production, pest
management, estate planning and risk management.



 Other USDA agencies, including Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS)
and Rural Development (RD) will present program information. A full day will be
devoted to visiting livestock and fruit/vegetable farms for hands-on experience.
Soon, more workshops in more states across the country will be announced.  In
fact, just last month I traveled to Texas for a recruitment, education and
networking event hosted by Hiring Our Heroes, a program of the U.S. Chamber of
Commerce Foundation, to launch the first ever USDA Ag workshop at their
conference.



 Since 2009, USDA has provided $443 million in farm loans to help more than
6,505 veterans purchase farmland, buy equipment and make repairs and upgrades to
farm businesses.  USDA even offers benefits ranging from conservation programs
to nutrition assistance to rural rental housing and home ownership
opportunities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 24, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BLOCK SEES NO '84 PLAN TO CUT FEED GRAIN CROP

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 23


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block, citing extensive drought damage to this
year's corn and sorghum crops, expressed further doubts today that there would
be another payment-in- kind program next year for corn and other feed grains.

Appearing briefly on a United States Chamber of Commerce television program, Mr.
Block indicated that the 1983 crops of corn and other feed grains would not be
large enough to provide excess grain for farmers who reduce their planted
acreage next year.

The drought, however, has had little effect on this year's wheat crop and Mr.
Block has already announced a 1984 acreage reduction program for wheat that will
include a payment-in- kind option. But department policy makers do not expect
payment-in- kind programs on next year's cotton or rice crops, William Lesher,
the department's chief economist, said.



Large Carry-Over Cited

The Agriculture Secretary noted that, despite a 1983 corn crop that is expected
to be at least 38 percent smaller than the 1982 record production of 8.8 billion
bushels, there was a large carry-over from last year and there would be no
shortage of grain after the harvest ends in October.

''But the drought is making it more unlikely,'' he said, ''that we will have
enough to offer feed grain growers a payment-in-kind program on the 1984 crop.''
Mr. Block expressed similar doubts last week after a tour of the major
corn-producing areas of the Middle West.

A final decision on the question will be made after the August corn and sorghum
estimate is disclosed on Sept. 12, an Agriculture Department spokesman said.



Plan's Two Objectives

The payment-in-kind plan, offered for the first time this spring to farmers who
grow wheat, corn and sorghum, cotton or rice, had two objectives: a transfer
from Government ownership to individual farmers of the record surpluses of these
crops the Agriculture Department was storing under earlier price-support loan
and subsidy programs, and a major reduction of acreage planted in these crops.

The plan was accepted by most of the farmers growing these basic crops. They
agreed to leave idle this spring nearly 83 million acres, a total area half the
size of Texas. The largest portion of this total, 21.3 million acres, came from
corn farmers, who planted a total of only 52.5 million acres, the smallest area
seeded in corn since 1965.

Even so, in early July the department was expecting a 1983 corn crop of at least
6.3 billion bushels. Since then the rains have stopped and record high
temperatures have seared the developing corn plants.



Sharp Cut in Surplus

In its Aug. 11 crop estimate, the department reduced its corn production
forecast to 5.24 billion bushels. With exports and use of corn by United States
livestock raisers expected to exceed 7 billion bushels in the coming 12 months,
a 1983 crop of 5.24 billion bushels would mean a sharp reduction in the surplus
now on hand.

The 1984 wheat acreage reduction program that Mr. Block announced earlier this
month would require farmers who wanted to be eligible for price-support aid to
leave idle 30 percent more wheat land than they planted this year.

If they agree to leave idle another 10 to 20 percent of their normal wheat
acreage, they will be given in-kind payments of wheat from Government-controlled
stocks, receiving 75 percent of the past average yields on those acres.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 11, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

SENATE PRESSES TRIMMED-DOWN FARM MEASURE

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 10


The Senate approved an $11 billion farm bill today and sent it to the House,
where the Reagan Administration expects a struggle to win approval of the
compromise measure next week.

The Senate vote was 68 to 31. Most senators said that the conference committee
measure, worked out in a month of negotiations, offered farm groups less than
they wanted.

''It's the best that could be hammered out,'' said Senator Jesse Helms,
Repubican of North Carolina, the Agriculture Committee chairman.

The Secretary of Agriculture, John R. Block, gave the bill a 60 percent chance
of winning House approval.

Crop and Food Programs Included

The legislation covers price stabilization or subsidy programs for milk, wheat,
feed grains, peanuts, cotton, soybeans, rice, wool and sugar. It also authorizes
spending on the food stamp program, conservation, agricultural research and Food
for Peace.

The spending total is far below the $16.6 billion bill approved by the House but
higher than the $10.6 billion Senate bill. It was worked out under
Administration pressure and within the budget limits approved earlier this year
by both houses.

The bill would discard use of parity in determining support levels for milk. The
dairy program came under fire this year because, at time of overproduction, the
Government spent nearly $2 billion in the 1981 fiscal year.

Senator William Proxmire, Democrat of Wisconsin, the nation's leading dairy
state, called the bill an ''unmitigated total disaster for dairy farmers.''

Danger to Dairy Supports

But Senatory Roger W. Jepsen, Republican of Iowa, countered that if the dairy
program had not been changed, there might have been no dairy supports in the
next farm bill.

Consumer groups asserted that the changes in dairy supports would save consumers
$6 billion. But, they said, the bill's restoration of sugar price supports would
cost $7.2 billion.

The compromise also would change peanut price supports by eliminating acreage
allotments. Although poundage quotas that limit production were retained,
farmers who did not historically grow peanuts would be able to grow them for the
first time since the Depression.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          February 26, 2003, Wednesday

UK FARM POLICY 'OUT OF TOUCH'

BYLINE: RICHARD MULLIGAN

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 266 words


THE Ulster Farmers' Union president has said the United Kingdom's Government
agriculture policy is "out of touch" with the views of the farming industry and
political opinion across the European Union.

John Gilliland's comments followed last week European Union Farm Council meeting
when the UK Agriculture Minister, Lord Whitty, was the only Farm Minister to
express support for the Harbinson World Trade Organisations modalities paper.

The Union in Northern Ireland joined with farming leaders across Europe in
rejecting the paper.

"It is completely unbalanced and would see European agriculture suffer at the
expense of other WTO partners such as the United States of America and the
Cairns Group," said Mr Gilliland.

He went on to point out that political leaders across Europe, including EU
Agriculture Commissioner Franz Fischler, had also criticised the proposals. This
highlighted the extent to which the UK Governments approach to agriculture is
out of touch.

"Lord Whitty's response to the Harbinson paper showed how isolated Government
policy on agriculture has become," he said.

He went on: "The UK Government has warmly welcomed Chairman Harbinson's
proposals for the world trade talks, but almost everyone else in Europe has
rejected the report as being detrimental to European agriculture. It is alarming
to see our political representatives so out of touch with the needs of the
industry.

"Our farming families need strong, effective representation in Europe but the UK
Government seems totally out of touch with the views of the industry," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      April 3, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

Organic Farming Grows

Marc Kaufman , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A07; SCIENCE

LENGTH: 1475 words


With consumer demand for organic foods increasing, the number of acres of U.S.
farmland certified for organic use has also been growing at double-digit annual
rates.

Acreage under organic cultivation nationwide more than doubled from 1992 to
1997, according to a new study from the Department of Agriculture's Economic
Research Service. Updated surveys from individual states, including California,
Idaho and North Dakota, show the rapid growth continuing through 1999.

"Once we get the latest numbers pulled together, I think we'll see a substantial
across-the-board increase," said Catherine Greene, author of the USDA's most
comprehensive report on organic farming.

The USDA has not traditionally emphasized the environmental aspects of organic
farming--in part because conventional farmers have been sensitive to suggestions
that their practices are not environmentally sound--but that reluctance may be
changing.

"To become certified, an organic farmer has to have a plan to show how the
environmental quality of the farm will be enhanced," said Kathleen Merrigan, who
oversees USDA organic efforts with the Agricultural Marketing Service. "So by
its nature, an organic farm will be a benefit to the environment."

Organic farming does not allow potentially harmful synthetic pesticides and
herbicides, and it promotes soil conservation through crop rotations and the use
of natural waste. Organic livestock are fed organic grains or graze on
pastures--avoiding large-scale feedlots--and cannot use antibiotics as growth
promoters.

Despite the recent growth, the acreage under organic production remains
small--only 1.34 million acres in 1997. That's a little under two-tenths of 1
percent of the nation's 828 million acres of farmland, the report concludes, or
roughly the size of Rhode Island.

In contrast, more than 1.5 percent of agricultural land in Europe was farmed
organically in 1997, according to European Union reports. With governments there
more actively promoting and subsidizing organic farming, some are predicting
that 10 percent to 20 percent of European farmland will be organic by 2010.

But organic farming in the United States is expected to get a major boost when
federal rules are approved for the nation's long-delayed organic certification
program. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has said he expects the rules to be
finalized by year's end, and officials predict federally approved organic labels
will be on foods by 2002.

In addition, with U.S. consumer demand for organic food projected to increase 20
percent annually, some in Washington and at the grass roots are detecting a
change in farmers' perceptions of organics. Recent decisions by major food
companies to acquire or start up organic food divisions are symptomatic of that
transformation.

Prescott Bergh, sustainable farming coordinator at the Minnesota Department of
Agriculture, said, for instance, that attendance by farmers at organic
conferences is increasing markedly. With many traditional commodity prices very
low, farmers are looking with new interest at organic farming and its ability to
command substantially higher prices.

"There was a kind of stigma to organic for a long time, with some farmers
associating it with back-to-the-land hippies," he said. "That hasn't been true
for 20 years, but it lingered in some farmers' minds. But now when General Mills
and Pillsbury start to show up on supermarket aisles with organic products, it
gives the whole movement more credibility in their eyes."

General Mills Inc., the nation's second-largest cereal maker, bought Small
Planet Foods last year, which sells Cascadian Farm organic frozen vegetables and
juices and Muir Glen organic pasta sauces and salsa. Pillsbury North America,
which is owned by Diageo PLC, has been successful selling organic bakery goods.

The Clinton administration has tried to encourage organic farming this year by
proposing $ 5 million for research and marketing and by setting up a pilot
federal crop insurance program to cover the premium price of organic foods. In
addition, some states have begun to support organics through limited
cost-sharing for certification costs (Minnesota) and by defining organic farming
as a soil conservation effort that can be subsidized (Iowa).

This gradual mainstreaming of organic agriculture is hotly debated among organic
advocates, with some believing it will result in an inevitable watering down of
the basic organic approach of balanced and sustainable agriculture.

Others argue that it will bring improved foods to consumers and will, by its
nature, reduce environmental insults from pesticides, fertilizers and other
elements of large-scale industrial farming. (A 1992 Cornell University study
estimated that environmental damage from pesticide use alone cost $ 8 billion
annually, including lost fish, wildlife and beneficial insects.) The USDA
organic program has also banned biotech methods--a step that many organic
advocates believe will help protect the environment as well.

"Until recently, the environmental movement hasn't been so appreciative of
organic farming," said Margaret Mellon of the Union of Concerned Scientists.
"But there are enormous environmental benefits to be had from any transition to
organic agriculture."

The issue of how much government should support organic farming has also become
more heated. Kenneth Cook of the Environmental Working Group, a Washington-based
advocacy group, released a report last week sharply critical of the Clinton
administration for speeding ahead on biotechnology while moving with painful
deliberation on organics.

Cook said that while organics have grown under Clinton, biotech has grown much
faster--with 1.3 million acres of organic farming now compared with 60 million
planted with biotech crops. "The organic percentage has to increase a lot to
begin to really make much of an environmental difference," Cook said. "What we
have now is basically a string of small oases of organic farming dotting a
landscape that's overwhelmingly conventional."

Reflecting the traditionally limited role that organic farming has played in the
United States, the new USDA statistics on acreage are not its own, but rather
are collected from private and state-created organic certifiers. Agency
economist Greene said that questions about organic farming are expected to be
included in the 2002 agricultural census, greatly improving the department's
understanding of organic trends.


Conventional Agriculture

Industrial farming relies upon synthetic herbicides, pesticides, fungicides and
fertilizers to boost crop yields and keep prices low.

* Soil used as substrate in which to grow crops. Chemicals kill or retard the
growth of soil organisms.

* Treated sewage sludge and raw animal manures widely used as fertilizer.

* Exposed soils require more irrigation and are susceptible to wind and water
erosion.

* Dependence on synthetic chemicals may decrease as genetically engineered crops
are developed that control insects.

* Livestock commonly raised in holding pens and feedlots. Animals fed growth
hormones and low levels of antibiotics.

Organic Farming

Organic farming uses natural systems to enhance productivity. Organic foods
often cost much more due to labor-intensive practices and limited availability.

* Farmers build and improve soils by adding compost and mulch, which feeds a
system of naturally occurring bacteria, fungi, earthworms and other organisms
that make nutrients available to crops. Loose, organic soils promote root growth
and hold more water.

* Weeds controlled with mulch, mechanical tilling or cover crops, which hold and
fertilize soils and provide habitat for beneficial insects.

* Plants grown organically may be healthier and therefore more resistant to
diseases and pests. Pest outbreaks are controlled by mechanical and biological
methods.

* Animals have access to outdoors and are fed organically grown feeds.

Proposed USDA Organic Standards

Some pesticides, herbicides and fertilizers prohibited at least three years
before harvest.

* Crop rotation required to avoid pest and disease outbreaks.

* Sewage sludge, irradiation and genetically engineered products prohibited.

* Soil fertility managed through tillage and supplemented with plant waste,
composted animal waste and allowed synthetic materials.

* Organic seeds preferred; some non-organic seeds and planting stock allowed.

* Pests, weeds and diseases controlled with physical, mechanical and biological
controls. Some synthetic substances allowed.

* Animals for slaughter are raised organically from birth, eat organic feeds and
allowed access to outdoors. Hormones and antibiotics prohibited; vaccines
allowed.

SOURCES: USDA; Cheryl Long, Organic Gardening Magazine; Monsanto


LOAD-DATE: April 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IG,,PATTERSON CLARK

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                    September 17, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Upland Farming Tractors Factory in France Started Full-Scale Production

LENGTH: 369  words


Sept. 17 -- Upland Farming Tractors Factory, Kubota Farm Machinery S.A.S
(hereinafter "KFM"), celebrated its grand opening on September 16th of this
year, inviting French government officials and European main suppliers.

KFM under the umbrella of Kubota Corporation (Head Office: Naniwa-ku, Japan,
President and Representative Director: Masatoshi Kimata; hereinafter "Kubota")
started its production in April 2015 and reached full-scale start up.

1. Positioning and aim of KFM

With population growth in the world, the demand for efficient food production
has increased.

To contribute to solving this global problem and expand our medium and long term
business plan, Kubota is making a full-entry into the market of large-scale
agriculture tractors for field crops in Europe and the United States, in
addition to the conventional rice cultivation market in Asia.

KFM has started production of "M7001 Series", which won the "Machine of The Year
2015" at SIMA, Paris International Agri-Business show and is steadily promoting
its business deployment.

Kubota aims to be a global agriculture major brand by producing large-scale
upland farming tractors in North France, which is a large market in the European
upland farming and by putting such demanded products on the market.

2. Factory Outline

Company name Kubota Farm Machinery Europe S.A.S.

President Mampei Yamamoto

Location Bierne, Dunkerque precinct Nord department, France

Site Area Approx.115,000m (including the building area of approx. 37,000m)

Products Large scale upland farming tractors

Production capacity 3000 units/year

Number of employees Approx.140

*Reference

http://www.kubota-global.net/news/2013/20131204.html (KFM Establishment Release)

http://www.kubota-global.net/news/2014/20140929.html (M7001 Series Release)

3. Future Plan

M7001 Series is enjoying a good reputation among dealers in Europe and the
United States, and orders are exceeding those of its first year production
estimate. KFM has a plan to produce 3000 units/year in 2017, putting the M7001
series on the market of Europe, North America, and hereafter in Australia and
Japan. In the future KFM will further expand its product line up and enlarge its
upland farming agriculture business.

Source: Kubota

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           October 29, 1998, Thursday

Beef steady, lamb not hurt by ban

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 26; FARMING SCHEDULE COMMENT

LENGTH: 358 words


United States domestic manufacturing beef surged by 5c/lb last week, giving a
three-week rise of US15c/lb.

New Zealand imported cow and bull prices were not caught in the updraft and fell
3c and 1c/lb respectively. At least these moves have restored the premium for
domestic product and the prospect that our prices will improve this week.

Future trends are still hard to pick. Although US beef futures are up, US
importers have bids three months out that are 3c/lb lower than the current
price. Also, latest US Agriculture Department figures show that red meat
production continues to break records. So far this year beef production is up 1
per cent and pork up 10 per cent.

Asian markets are gradually coming to life, with markets such as Taiwan and Hong
Kong showing good demand for specific prime cuts.

The Japanese market was unable to hold on to recent gains as supply outstrips
demand. New Zealand won only 10 per cent of the grassfed portion of the seventh
Korean beef tender for 1998.

The next tender also includes 5000 tonnes of grassfed beef but is not for
delivery until February. This makes pricing difficult, especially when our local
market is paying up to 265c/kg for the same medium-weight animals. This is well
above the export price. North Island export schedules fell 5c/kg this week.

.

Lamb unchanged

Export returns were largely unchanged for this week, with little obvious impact
from the British supermarket chilled lamb ban.

Although the New Zealand export lamb season has got off to a good start, volumes
are still quite small, so product from the cancelled contracts has found ready
markets in France and Germany at comparable prices. Lamb quality this season has
been outstanding.

Pelt returns have steadied, but as the proportion of new season's lamb
increases, average returns fall because the pelts are smaller even though the
quality is higher.

India is showing strong interest at the current low prices.

The New Zealand dollar fell back about 2 per cent last week after recent strong
gains.

Operating prices were steady in the South Island, but fell by up to 10c/kg in
the north.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 12, 2012

Crop acreage increases in Delaware

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 133  words


According to the results of the March Agricultural Survey released recently by
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics Service,
farmers in Delaware intend to plant more soybeans in 2012 than they did in 2011.
Wheat and barley acres are also increased, while corn acreage is unchanged.
Grain producers in Delaware are expected to plant 175,000 acres of soybeans in
2012, up 5,000 acres from 2011. Producers also plan to plant an estimated
190,000 acres of corn in 2012, unchanged from last year. An estimated 85,000
acres of winter wheat was planted for the 2012 crop year, up 5,000 acres from"
the 80,000 acres planted for 2011. Barley planted for 2012 at 38,000 acres is
the most since 1997. Hay acres intended for harvest in 2012 remained unchanged
from 2011 at 15,000.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            August 19, 2005, Friday

US secretary to visit NZ

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 9; FARMING; C

LENGTH: 126 words


The United States secretary of agriculture, Mike Johanns, will begin a three-day
visit to New Zealand on August 21.

Johanns, the equivalent of agriculture minister in the Bush Administration
Cabinet, will be welcomed by New Zealand's Minister of Agriculture, Jim Sutton,
when he arrives in Auckland. Johanns is expected to look at the dairy, meat and
wool sectors, New Zealand's biggest exports to the United States.

He will visit two Waikato farms and Dexcel's robotic milking processes. The US
was New Zealand's largest market for agricultural exports and second- largest
source of agricultural imports last year. Johanns will be the highest-ranking
American official to visit New Zealand since the Apec meeting was held in
Auckland in 1999.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                            July 28, 1999, Wednesday

Envoy role for ex-farming chief

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 15

LENGTH: 254 words


Outgoing Federated Farmers president Malcolm Bailey has been appointed as a
"roving ambassador" for New Zealand agriculture.

Prime Minister Jenny Shipley announced the appointment at the Federated Farmers
annual conference in New Plymouth last weekend when Mr Bailey, a dairy farmer,
stepped down after a three-year term as the organisation's president.

Mrs Shipley said Mr Bailey had been appointed as a special trade envoy for New
Zealand with ambassadorial status.

"His role will be to promote and defend New Zealand's agricultural trading
interests in such key organisational export markets as the European Union, the
United States and Japan," she said.

Mr Bailey would undertake a major programme of meetings with overseas farmers
and farm groups, attend conferences and speak to the international media.

"His role will be vital in engaging groups such as the United States sheep
farmers and European farming lobbies on the benefits of free and fair trade in
agricultural products," Mrs Shipley said.

Dairy Board chairman John Storey welcomed the appointment of Mr Bailey, saying
the initiative recognised the "critical significance" of international trade
issues to New Zealand agriculture and the economy.

Mr Bailey said his role would be similar to that which Brian Chamberlin, another
former federation president, had during the Uruguay round of world trade talks.
-- NZPA

--------------------

CAPTION:

MALCOLM BAILEY: ambassadorial status.

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             June 21, 2014 Saturday

Farming rebounds after drought;
Off The Charts

BYLINE: BY FLOYD NORRIS

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 492 words


Agriculture is a small part of the United States economy, but last year it was
the best part.

The output of the agriculture sector grew 16.4 percent after inflation last
year, the fastest rise for the sector since at least 1998 and far faster than
any other part of the economy. The United States gross domestic product grew
just 1.8 percent, while the second-fastest-growing sector, the information
industry, rose 3.2 percent.

On June 11, the government released its estimates of state economic growth in
2013. North Dakota led the pack with a growth rate of 9.7 percent. Alaska was
the only state whose economy declined, shrinking by 2.1 percent, largely because
of falling oil production.

The economy of the District of Columbia also declined, but that was because of
cuts in government spending.

North Dakota benefited from its rising production of shale oil, but it was also
helped by the fact that its agriculture sector amounts to 12.9 percent of the
state's economy, more than that of any other state except South Dakota.

By contrast, agriculture accounted for just 1.6 percent of United States overall
output in 2013. But that was the largest share in recent years, up from a recent
low of 0.9 percent in 2006. The agriculture sector includes forestry, fishing
and hunting as well as farming, but farming is much larger than the other
categories.

Last year, the government changed the way it calculated G.D.P. figures,
including counting research and development spending as investments rather than
as consumption. It revised historic figures only back to 1997, so earlier years'
output and growth figures for agriculture are not comparable.

Mitch Morehart,  an economist with the Agriculture Department, said the strong
growth in agriculture reflected a recovery in production for some crops after a
drought in 2012, as well as strong production and rising prices for livestock.

This year, he said, it appeared that agriculture was not doing nearly as well.

Over all, the economies of the 10 states that are most dependent on agriculture
grew at an average annual rate of 3.4 percent in 2013, while the 10 states that
are least dependent on the farm economy grew at an average rate of 1.3 percent.

California is by far the largest agricultural producer, accounting for $46.7
billion, or 17 percent of the total national agricultural output of $269.1
billion. But the state is so large that agriculture makes up only 2.1 percent of
its output, less than 16 other states. Iowa, which ranks second in dollar value,
at $16.1 billion, depends on agriculture for almost 10 percent of its total
economic output.

The 2013 surge in agriculture ended a string of three years in which that sector
did not do as well as the overall United States economy. But since 1998,
agriculture outperformed the rest of the economy in nine of the 15 years.

During that stretch, agriculture grew at an annual rate of 4 percent, double the
2 percent average for the national economy.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 25, 2005 Wednesday

Beef checkoff ruling affects every farmer;
15 products promoted by such programs

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 704 words


Monday's U.S. Supreme Court ruling that cattle producers can be required to pay
for an industry marketing program has ramifications for every farmer in the
nation.

The justices ruled 6-3 that the beef checkoff, a mandatory $1-per-head
assessment on cattle, is constitutional. The program is best known for funding
the "Beef, It's What for Dinner" campaign. The beef checkoff is just one of a
variety of farm checkoff programs designed to promote or improve sales prospects
for a variety of agricultural products. Altogether, producers in 15 industries
paid $693 million in such mandatory fees in 2003. In the beef business alone,
producers and importers paid $83.6 million in checkoff dollars during fiscal
2003, money that supported advertising, research and education on behalf of
beef.

The beef checkoff, like many others, is operated by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

As a result, the Supreme Court said, the generic advertising at issue is the
government's own speech. That makes it exempt from the First Amendment
free-speech challenge brought to court by an anti-checkoff group, the Livestock
Marketing Association.

"Compelled support of government - even those programs of government one does
not approve - is, of course, perfectly constitutional, as every taxpayer must
attest," wrote Justice Antonin Scalia. "And some government programs involve, or
entirely consist of, advocating a position."

Cattlemen have supported checkoff assessments since 1922. Supporters credit the
checkoff with helping increase demand for beef by more than 25 percent since
1998 and increasing the prices that producers receive for their cattle.

"We are elated," said Jim McAdams, an Adkins, Texas, cattleman and president of
the National Cattlemen's Beef Association.  "Throughout the lengthy litigation
process, we believed in the merits of our case and the merits of the beef
checkoff. This is a victory for all producers who want demand-building efforts
in beef safety, nutrition and promotion continued."

Maralee Johnson, executive vice president of the Illinois Beef Association, said
the ruling is a green light to keep promoting beef.

"We're very pleased the government-speech argument prevailed," she said. "That's
because USDA has sufficient oversight of the beef program."

The ruling in the beef case will affect similar cases pending before the Supreme
Court, including the "Pork: the Other White Meat" pork checkoff and the "Got
Milk?" dairy program.

For starters, a challenge to the pork checkoff will be sent back to the lower
courts to be considered in light of the high court's ruling.

"We're very pleased with the Supreme Court's decision," said Darrell Stitzel of
Shannon, president of the Illinois Pork Producers Association. "This decision by
the highest court in the land is a victory for all commodity programs, including
the pork checkoff."

In the case of the pork checkoff, the Supreme Court's decision provides an
answer to a legal proceeding that began four years ago in Michigan.

A federal judge ruled in 2002 that mandatory collections of the pork checkoff
violated the First Amendment rights of producers who disagree with certain
messages paid for with checkoff funds. The 6th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld
that decision in 2003.

Critics argued the programs support activities that favor large corporate
producers, and the checkoffs violated free-speech rights of individual farmers
who have to pay for advertisements with which they disagree.

Among checkoff critics is the National Farmers Union. NFU president Dave
Frederickson said the ruling did nothing to address issues such as
accountability to producers and access to fair checkoff referendums.

The beef promotion program raises more than $80 million a year by requiring
cattle producers to contribute $1 per animal from their cattle sales. In
addition to television and magazine ads, the program pays for research and
consumer education. The beef checkoff has stimulated the development of more
than 2,100 new beef products since 1998, supporters say.

The pork checkoff has operated since 1985. The "Pork: The Other White Meat"
campaign is one of the nation's most recognized slogans.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     October 12, 1987, Monday, ALL EDITION

Agricultural sectors expected to benefit

BYLINE: Frances Phillips

SECTION: SECTION 1; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 718 words

DATELINE: Calgary,Alta.


  Sitting just 25 miles from the U.S./Canada border, David Coe, general manager
of British Columbia's Fraser Valley Milk Producers Co-operative Association is a
trifle concerned about what free trade will mean for his dairy and cheese
business.

Coe's worries are groundless, say trade officials in Ottawa. The dairy industry
is just about the only major farming sector that is not affected by the proposed
free trade deal.

''We still have import controls on every dairy product coming into Canada,
except yogurt and ice cream - and we have retained the right to add those items
to the list,'' Phil Jensen, a senior trade policy officer with Agriculture
Canada, says. A native Albertan with a farming background, Jensen was
responsible for monitoring the free trade talks on behalf of the department. He
is confident the deal will benefit Canadian farmers.

Agriculture was a key element in the trade talks for the Western provinces.
Farming accounts for 3% of British Columbia's gross domestic product, slightly
more than 6% of Alberta's, 12% in Saskatchewan, and about 7% in Manitoba.

In terms of the free trade agreement, hundreds of farm products will be
guaranteed secure access to U.S. markets. As an added bonus, customs duties on
both sides of the border will be phased out.

Several sectors which have curtailed exports to the U.S. for fear of triggering
new protectionist pressures are now expected to step up their marketing efforts
south of the border.

Supporters of the free trade deal are confident expanded trade will more than
offset the end of the Western Grain Transportation Act subsidy on cereals and
oilseeds exported to the U.S. via west coast terminals. Less than 5% of Canada's
annual grain exports into the U.S. move through Vancouver and Prince Rupert.
Products trucked south, or transported by rail to Thunder Bay and through the
Lakehead are still eligible for the subsidy.

Other highlights of the free trade deal:

- Grains: Canada will eliminate import licenses for wheat, barley, oats and
corn. In addition, the threat of countervailing duties on Canadian grain
products shipped to the U.S. will be lifted. A major result will be to abolish
the Canadian Wheat Board's two-price wheat system.

Put simply, the board sells milling wheat (about 5% of its total wheat sales) in
Canada for $7 a bushel, while the price of wheat for export is only $3 a bushel.
Unfettered imports of U.S. wheat (generally considered of lower grade than the
Canadian product) will likely standardize wheat prices in Canada at about $4 a
bushel. This change may cost the Wheat Pool about $300 million in lost revenues.

On the positive side, Canadian baked goods should become more competitive.

- Oilseeds: About 33% of Canada's canola meal and 38% of total canola oil
exports are shipped to the U.S. With exports rising fast, canola growers are
concerned that the WGTA subsidy on canola meal destined for U.S. markets via
British Columbia ports (which handle about 70% of canola meal shipments heading
south) will be lifted before U.S. tariffs are eliminated. The U.S. is to phase
out its 7.5% tariff on canola oil imports.

- Beef: The U.S. market soaks up Western Canada's surplus beef, amounting to at
least 15% of total production in Alberta. Cattlemen and meat packers are
ecstatic over the trade deal - which removes ''a lot of nasty clouds'' says Doug
Ford, spokesman for Edmonton-based Gainers Inc. The two countries are expected
to hammer out new meat inspections arrangements to eliminate costly time-delays
at border crossings.

- Pork: Canadian hog producers lost an estimated $130 million as a result of
U.S. countervailing duties on hogs last year. Most pork entering the U.S. is
boxed, or table-ready. The proposed deal gives producers ''protection from
(further) protectionism,'' says Ed Schultz, manager of the Alberta Pork
Producers' Marketing Board.

- Poultry and eggs: The free trade deal provides for the removal of tariffs on
poultry and eggs, and a slight increase in quotas on live animals and eggs
imported from the U.S. Canada is largely self-sufficient in poultry meat and
eggs. Western producers - who have lobbied hard to keep the lid on import quotas
- are worried that cheap U.S. products may undercut their markets.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Poultry: Tarrifs removed

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 Financial Post Ltd.


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 24, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. EXPECTS FARM PROGRAM WILL LIFT GRAIN PRICES

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 19, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 23


The Agriculture Department, on the basis of surprisingly widespread
participation in its new payment-in-kind and acreage reduction program, said
today that prices paid to farmers for wheat and corn late next fall were
expected to rise above their currently depressed levels.

The department announced Tuesday that farmers had agreed to leave unplanted this
year 82.3 million acres of land they normally sow in grains and cotton, a
reduction of 36 percent from the number of acres planted last year.

In disclosing the rate of participation in the new plan designed to reduce
Government-stored surpluses and stop the decline in grain and cotton prices,
Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said that farmers controlling 81 percent of
the 230 million acres on which these crops are often planted had enrolled in the
program.

Of the 187 million acres they own or manage, 32 million acres of wheat will be
left unplanted, 39.5 million acres of corn and sorghum will be idled, 6.8
million acres of cotton will not be planted, and 1.7 million acres of rice will
be left idle. They will also leave 2.3 million acres of barley and oat land
unplanted.

Mr. Block said Tuesday that the reduction of this much grain land would have
only a minimal effect on retail food prices this year.

Smaller Grain Crops

In a special supply and demand report today, department economists said the drop
in corn acreage could result in a 1983 corn crop about one-third smaller than
last year's record harvest. This could raise average prices to a range of $2.70
to $3.10 a bushel, they said. So far in the crop year beginning last October
corn prices have averaged $2.55 a bushel.

The economists said wheat production was expected to drop about 20 percent from
last year's record harvest. They said they expected the average wheat price to
rise to a range of $3.50 to $3.90 a bushel in contrast to this season's average
so far of $3.45.

Farmers withdrawing the 82.3 million acres of grain and cotton land from
production will receive cash payments for part of the reduction. On the rest
they will be given, from Government-controlled surpluses, amounts of grains and
cotton equivalent to 80 or 90 percent of their normal per-acre yield from the
land.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Organic farming not so sustainable

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1022 words


Organic farming is not as sustainable as it appears to be, write Henry I Miller
and Richard Cornett .

--------------------

'S ustainable" has become one of the buzzwords of the 21st century. Increasing
numbers of universities offer courses or even programmes in "sustainability",
and many large companies boast substantial departments devoted to the subject.
In April, many of the iconic multinational companies in the agriculture/food
sector were represented at a three-day "Sustainable Product Expo", convened by
Wal-Mart - the largest retailer in the United States - at its Arkansas
headquarters.

But, as with many vague, feel- good concepts, "sustainability" contains more
than a little sophistry. For example, sustainability in agriculture is often
linked to organic farming, whose advocates tout it as a "sustainable" way to
feed the planet's rapidly expanding population. But what does "sustainable"
really mean, and how does it relate to organic methods of food production?

The organic movement's claims about the sustainability of its methods are
dubious. For example, a recent study found that the potential for groundwater
contamination can be dramatically reduced if fertilisers are distributed through
the irrigation system according to plant demand during the growing season;
organic farming, however, depends on compost, the release of which is not
matched to plant demand. Moreover, though composting receives good press as a
"green" practice, it generates a significant amount of greenhouse gases (and is
often a source of pathogenic bacteria in crops).

The study also found that "intensive organic agriculture relying on solid
organic matter, such as composted manure that is mixed into the soil prior to
planting, resulted in significant down- leaching of nitrate" into groundwater.
Increasing the nitrate levels in groundwater is hardly a hallmark of
sustainability, especially with many of the world's most fertile farming regions
in the throes of drought.

A fundamental reason that organic food production is far less "sustainable" than
many forms of conventional farming is that organic farms, though possibly well
adapted for certain local environments on a small scale, produce far less food
per unit of land and water. The low yields of organic agriculture - typically 20
to 50 per cent below conventional agriculture - impose various stresses on
farmland, especially on water consumption.

A British meta-analysis published in 2012 identified some of the stresses that
were higher in organic agriculture. For example, it found that "ammonia
emissions, nitrogen leaching, and nitrous oxide emissions per product unit were
higher from organic systems", as were "land use, eutrophication potential, and
acidification potential per product unit".

Lower crop yields in organic farming are largely inevitable, owing to the
arbitrary rejection of various advanced methods and technologies. Organic
practices afford limited pesticide options, create difficulties in meeting peak
fertiliser demand, and rule out access to genetically engineered varieties. If
organic production were scaled up significantly, the lower yields would lead to
greater pressure to convert land to agricultural use and produce more animals
for manure, to say nothing of the tighter squeeze on water supplies - all of
which are challenges to sustainability.

Another limitation of organic production is that it works against the best
approach to enhancing soil quality - namely, the minimisation of soil
disturbance (such as that caused by ploughing or tilling), combined with the use
of cover crops. Such farming systems have many environmental advantages,
particularly with respect to limiting erosion and the runoff of fertilisers and
pesticides. Organic growers do frequently plant cover crops, but in the absence
of effective herbicides, they often rely on tillage (or even labour-intensive
hand weeding) for weed control.

At the same time, organic producers do use insecticides and fungicides to
protect their crops, despite the green myth that they do not. More than 20
chemicals (mostly containing copper and sulphur) are commonly used in growing
and processing organic crops - all acceptable under United States rules for
certifying organic products.

Perhaps the most illogical and least sustainable aspect of organic farming in
the long term is the exclusion of "genetically engineered" (also known as
"genetically modified", or GM) plants - but only those that were modified with
the most precise techniques and predictable results. Except for wild berries and
wild mushrooms, virtually all the fruits, vegetables, and grains in European and
North American diets have been genetically improved by one technique or another
- often as a result of seeds being irradiated or undergoing hybridisations that
move genes from one species or genus to another in ways that do not occur in
nature.

The exclusion from organic agriculture of organisms simply because they were
crafted with modern, superior techniques makes no sense. It not only denies
farmers improved seeds, but also denies consumers of organic goods access to
nutritionally improved foods, such as oils with enhanced levels of omega-3 fatty
acids.

In recent decades, conventional agriculture has become more environmentally
friendly and sustainable than ever before. But that reflects science-based
research and old-fashioned technological ingenuity on the part of farmers, plant
breeders, and agribusiness companies, not irrational opposition to modern
insecticides, herbicides, genetic engineering, and "industrial agriculture".

Project Syndicate: Henry I Miller, a physician and molecular biologist, was the
founding director of the US Food and Drug Administration's Office of
Biotechnology and is Fellow in Scientific Philosophy and Public Policy at
Stanford University's Hoover Institution. Richard Cornett is communications
director for the Western Plant Health Association, a California-based non-profit
agricultural trade group.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Clean and green: Is organic farming the way of the future or are its methods
becoming harder to justify?

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 1, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Decline 0.7%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 46; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 31


Prices farmers get for raw products declined seven-tenths of 1 percent in
December from the previous month and were 3.5 percent less than a year earlier,
the Agriculture Department said today.

Lower prices for lettuce, cattle and tomatoes were partly offset by higher
prices for eggs, wheat and hogs.

The department's monthly price report noted that because lettuce and tomatoes
were in ample supply, prices received for them dropped sharply.

"Damage to lettuce from the whitefly in California has not been widespread thus
far, and supplies from other states are larger than usual," the department said,
noting that Florida has a large supply of fresh tomatoes.

Increases in beef production during the final quarter drove cattle prices down,
the department said. But it said hog prices increased slightly after the sharp
price break from October to November.

The department reported grain prices as mixed, with wheat showing strong
month-to-month increases, corn up slightly and soybeans down from November.

Vegetable prices declined 23 percent from November and were 17 percent lower
than at this time last year, the department said. Ample lettuce supplies from
leading production areas brought the December prices down to more normal levels
after a large price increase a month earlier.

Food-grain prices increased 5.2 percent in December, the fifth consecutive
monthly rise. The cotton index declined 6.9 percent from November. The index for
feed grain and hay was up nine-tenths of 1 percent over November.

The prices for livestock and livestock products remained the same from a month
earlier but were 6.1 percent below the price level for December 1990.

The poultry and egg index increased 5 percent from a month earlier and was 1.6
percent higher than December 1990.

Meat animals were down 1.2 cents from November and were 14.1 cents below a year
earlier. Declines were reported for cattle but hog prices were reported up.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Farm Prices" shows index of prices recieved by farmers from
July 1990 to Dec. 1991. (Source: Agriculture Department)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Daily Independent (Nigeria)

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Agribusiness Needs Stable Policy Environment to Thrive- Amoabin

LENGTH: 1242  words


Kofi Amoabin is an agriculturist based in the United States of America. In this
interview with Seyi Taiwo-Oguntuase, he spoke on the need for African countries
to place more emphasis on agriculture and also create enabling environment for
industry to thrive, among other issues.

How do you see agriculture and agribusiness in the African continent?

I have been involved in trading agriculture commodities in the United States for
about 20 years I have worked in different circles within the different commodity
trading markets and I see a huge opportunity in agriculture and aside that
Africa has not placed emphasis that is necessary to place agriculture to the
next level.

Look at state like Nebraska for example where the whole population of the state
is about 1.8million people, the size of Nebraska is the size of Ghana. In
Nebraska agriculture trade is about $21million every year in terms of
agriculture production, they specialized basically on corn, beans and cattle
production and they export cattle all over the world by just feeding the corns
and beans to cattle and exporting beef.

Nigeria is diversifying from oil to agriculture. Also, Ghana has a lover of
agriculture as its President. Looking at this scenario, what does it portend for
the African continent in terms of food security?

Like I said earlier I think African countries have not emphasized agriculture
and they have not implemented policies and programmes that will boost the sector
and make agriculture and farming as a business profitable.

You cannot talk about farming as a business when the business itself is not
profitable to the people. When farming is profitable it become a fully thrive
enterprise and entrepreneurs will find ways to get involved. Different actors
across the agricultural value chains will attach themselves to the process and
enter the industry at various levels.

You talked about policies, what are some of these polices you think can be
introduced?

One of the first thing I think we need to do is, a farmer cannot produce say a
corn or whatever crop, even cocoa and then at the end of the day not know how
much he is going to get for the produce, if it is a business when you invest in
business you will want to have some expectation about the revenue or some idea
about the profit you stand to gain, that is the main attraction.

If I do my forecast and my forecast shows that it is profitable, then I can go
to the bank, borrow money and I know that the returns on my investment is going
to be higher than the cost of the money, but I think the biggest problem we have
in Ghana and Nigeria and most places in Africa is we don't have any cash market.
We don't have any way of pricing our commodities, so that if I am growing corn
now, I can say that during the harvest in four months I am going to make so much
and so it is profitable to go ahead and borrow money and invest. So since we
don't have cash market so what I am hoping is that government will have
something like the cash market and also we need a stable policy environment.

It is very difficult to plan unless you have this stable policy environment
where you know that as a corn farmer I am going to get seeds at this price, as a
cocoa farmer, I am going to get my fertilizer for free or I am going to get my
fertilizer for 50 per cent discount; so if I forecast that I am going to be
getting fertilizer for free and then it happens that it is not deliver but now I
have to pay 50 percent of the price that is new cost to me and that might
destroy my profit model and the incentive to farm is not there.

In this regard, what can be done?

We need a stable policy environment, government should set its course for
farmers for the benefit of food security, for instance say fertilizers is going
to be at half percent and fertilizer is going to be at this discount for farmers
or the government is going to provide some certain services, but then those
services must be stable so that we don't have an environment where every year it
is a new programme.

Do you see bureaucracy assailing agriculture in the continent?

Yes, bureaucracy is what is leading to unstable agricultural policies because it
shows that the policy makers themselves are not onboard with the policies they
are pushing because if the policy makers are onboard with the programmes they
are pushing then we are going to get stability if the policy makers are on the
side of the farmers they will provide the farmers that enabling environment for
farming to thrive; so if they are not providing the enabling environment then it
boils down to the basic fact that they are not friends.

Post harvest losses are one of the main challenges facing farmers. What can be
done to reduce or totally eradicate the saga?

Post harvest losses is a problem in most African countries, as a matter of fact
in some parts of Africa in some places during the harvest right from the farm
gate to the market point we lose some over 20 percent of the crop that is
harvested. For example if Ghana produces about 2million metric tonnes of corn
for example and out of this corn we are losing 20 percent out of the two metric
tonnes, we are losing 400 metric tonnes of maize, factor that in let say about
$300 per ton that means we are throwing away every year unrealised revenue of
millions of dollars, remember that we have not talked about rice we have not
talked about the other crops but what we are saying is these are situation where
farmers have plough the lands, sometimes have leased the land, bought seeds,
apply fertilizer and have waited for three to four months to harvest and then at
the end lose, we have to provide a farmers with value addition we have to
provide the farmers with the support necessary.

The issue post of post harvest losses is because we don't have mechanized drive
in our system to support our farmers during the harvest; if you do not have the
mechanized dryer for example for some crops, we are going to have some post
harvest losses that time.

What could be the implication of this on food security?

The implication to food security is that it raises the risk of food insecurity
in Africa it makes us susceptible to food shortages because the shortages can be
avoided even though we produce enough, we loss food after harvest so we face
food insecurity.

A lot of international exporters have complained about too numerous checks
between Nigerian and Ghana. What do you think can the done to reduce this?

The emphasis should be on common markets. we don't have intra Africa trade,
inter country trade is missing and I am hoping also that is also an area that
limit us; if we can remove some of the barriers and some of the tariffs in
crossing from one country to another it will make it easier because there are
certain commodities for example, Ghana with 25 million people for certain
commodity probably the market might not be big enough, but there is a factory in
Nigeria for example 200 million people that can produce, easily export to Ghana
and similarly there might be some areas that Ghana might be specialised for
example Tilapia a company in Ghana can easily export to Nigeria but if there are
barriers and tariffs to pay at the boarders it will just increase the cost of
doing business and the cost of goods and I am hoping that we can harmonise and
we move as much of the tariffs and duties and taxes as possible to allow trade
among African countries.

WhatsApp

http://imgs.syndigate.info/633/1803/4/148796106127.jpg

kofi

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1803


                       Copyright 2017 Daily Independent.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 30, 2002 Thursday

Ottawa considering bailing out farmers;
'Bridge funding' said to help producers stay in;
business while programs under revision

BYLINE: STEVEN CHASE

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 507 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The federal government is eyeing a short-term bailout package worth as much as
several hundred million dollars to help Canadian farmers hard hit by drought and
depressed crop prices.

The package likely will be a mixture of reallocated cash and new money, and it
will be sold as short-term "bridge funding" to help farmers survive while Ottawa
finishes modifying all its agriculture programs, sources said.

"This money is to help producers in the short term to stay in business until our
new agriculture policy framework is in place," a federal source said.

The amount of assistance Ottawa is considering has not been made final, and any
package will not preclude additional spending.

Canadian farmers are also threatened by new, additional U.S. farm subsidies, but
sources said the government will avoid describing pending assistance as
compensation for trade injury, because the effects of coming U.S. handouts
cannot be gauged yet.

The government has said it cannot match U.S. farm handouts and will not commit
to requests from Canadian farm groups for $1.3-billion in new agriculture
support. The figure is Agriculture Canada's estimate of the annual trade injury
to this country's farmers from subsidies in foreign countries.

Still, any federal assistance because of depressed prices is to some extent
compensation for existing foreign subsidies.

That is because trade protectionism is part of the reason some prices paid to
farmers for products such as grains and oilseeds are depressed. European and
U.S. farm subsidies already in place have helped push down agriculture prices
worldwide.

Separately yesterday, federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief warned that new
U.S. farm subsidies recently announced by Washington jeopardize fragile
worldwide free-trade talks launched last fall.

The United States heavily promoted the so-called Doha Round of talks launched by
the World Trade Organization in November in Qatar as an antidote to terrorism
because freer trade would bring prosperity to the disfranchised.

But $190-billion (U.S.) in new protectionist U.S. farm subsidies over 10 years
imperil talks by raising new trade barriers, Mr. Vanclief said.

"Americans have single-handedly put the time frames of Doha and the next WTO
round in jeopardy," Mr. Vanclief said in Ottawa. He said the United States has
undermined global free-trade talks by reversing its drive to lower global
commercial barriers.

"They've single-handedly done it because they did a 180-degree turn on what they
agreed to and what they talked about in Doha," he said.

Recently passed U.S. legislation will increase farm support by nearly 80 per
cent over the next 10 years. The legislation raises subsidy rates for grain and
cotton growers, brings back grants for wool and honey producers and provides new
payments for milk, peanuts, lentils and dry peas.

As well, there are measures to benefit livestock farmers and fruit and vegetable
growers.

Canada has not ruled out taking the United States to the World Trade
Organization over the subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      June 2, 1986, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Farm prices rose in month U.S. reports

BYLINE: (REUTER)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 238 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


   WASHINGTON (Reuter) - U.S. farm prices rose in May for the first time this
year in part because of initial concern about the effects of the Chernobyl
nuclear disaster on Soviet grain purchases, the Agriculture Department says.

In its monthly agricultural price report, issued at the end of May, the
department said prices rose 2.5 percent from last month's figures. The last
recorded price index increase was in December.

The most significant price rises were in the prices farmers received for corn,
cattle and hogs.

Don Mellom, a department statistician, said initial predictions that the Soviet
Union might need to import more grain because of agricultural damage from the
Chernobyl disaster, helped boost corn prices.

Moscow purchases

The Department recently confirmed some corn purchases from the U.S. by Moscow,
but Soviet officials have insisted there will be no need for massive new grain
buying.

Beef cattle and hog prices also increased in May after declining since December
last year. Increases in hog prices accounted for about two-thirds of the sharp
increase in the meat index.

Meat prices had been depressed by the department's dairy herd buyout program,
said Ronald Gustafson, a department livestock analyst.

The increase this month reflects some recovery from the lower prices when the
program was announced, he said. The dairy program pays dairy farmers to
slaughter their cows.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 13, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Grains and Soybeans Off in Quiet Trading

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 309 words


Grain and soybean futures prices drifted lower in quiet trading yesterday in
anticipation of a major Government crop report. The report was released after
the close of trading and analysts said it could push prices to new highs.

''This year we're in a situation where we're in an absolute shortage,'' said F.
McCoy Coan, a grain analyst with the Illinois Cooperative Futures Company, after
reviewing the Agriculture Department's forecast for the soybean harvest.

The United States Department of Agriculture projected a soybean harvest of 1.53
billion bushels, down from 2.27 billion bushels last year, and a corn harvest of
4.39 billion bushels, down from 8.39 billion bushels a year ago.

Most analysts said they expected prices to climb today in response to the
report.

Dale Gustafson, a grain analyst in Chicago with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.,
noted that grains were weak early in the session as traders who had bought
contracts Friday sold them off to even up their positions before the report.

Selling later in the session appeared to be touched off by the recovery of the
United States dollar against major foreign currencies and the drop in precious
metals prices.

Cattle prices were mostly higher, live hogs were mixed and frozen pork bellies
were lower on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Robert Holbert, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Conticommodity Services
Inc., said cattle prices were supported by higher prices on cash markets.

Hogs recovered from early weakness, primarily on ideas that the grain report
would encourage further liquidation of animals, which will push prices higher
next year, Mr. Holbert said.

Precious metals prices were lower on the Commodity Exchange in New York.

Prices advanced in quiet trading early in the session with support coming from
the weaker dollar and the rally in the stock market.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US, Pakistan anti wheat diseases initiatives to improve rural economy

BYLINE:  Tariq Khattak

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 188

LENGTH: 519  words


U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson today reaffirmed the United States government's
long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan. "Since the 1950s, the
United States has been working to support agriculture in Pakistan, introducing
the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat production. Today, we
continue our support because improving crop yields, protecting food sources from
disease, and boosting milk production will increase farmers' incomes, improve
nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity."

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC), which was
established with the help of the U.S. government in the 1980s, Ambassador Olson
said, "The United States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan
through projects that enhance agricultural productivity." The Ambassador lauded
the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project (WPEP), a United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed in collaboration with
national and provincial research partners that has successfully introduced the
UG 99-resistant wheat variety, "NARC 2011."

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community. "Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical," said Ambassador Olson. "The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to
continue your work together."

In addition to support for the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project, the
United States has provided new harvesting machines and funded improvements to
research stations around Pakistan to develop more disease-resistant wheat
varieties. The United States also provides specialized training opportunities to
Pakistani wheat scientists.

Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and
Wheat Improvement Center, noted that without disease-resistant varieties of
wheat, such as the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimate that Pakistan's
annual wheat harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99
arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labor force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said. Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million
tons of wheat on eight million hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4
percent of the GDP.

"The United States and Pakistan have similar agricultural systems, and for that
reason we have been effective partners in agriculture for more than half a
century, working together to improve agricultural yields and to combat disease,"
said Ambassador Olson. "Since the 1950s, U.S. and Pakistani scientists have
collaborated to increase wheat production.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    February 19, 1988, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Feed grain forecast:low supply, high use

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  The U.S Department of Agriculture issued a bullish report on feed grains late
on Wednesday, forecasting a drop in world production and rising demand for
1987-88.

The report said a key factor in this year's stronger maize and sorghum prices
was the shrinkage of supplies that are not required and will be held in stocks
until prices rise.

Maize prices received by farmers were forecast at an average US$1.65 to US$1.85
a bushel, up from US$1.50 in 1986-87.

''Tradeable supplies of maize and sorghum outside the U.S. are tight again in
1987-88 following last year's drop because of continued low production in a
number of major exporting countries,'' the report said.

''This has contributed to rising U.S. exports and market share.''

However, in many markets U.S. feed grain exports are still facing sharp
competition with barley, feed-quality wheat and non-grain feeds, it said.

U.S. feed grain use for 1987-88 was estimated at 237.5 million metric tons, 10
million above last year. Exports were expected to rise by 5.3 million metric
tons to 51.6 million.

The department said domestic feed demand would rise this year by 4.7 million
metric tons. Although dairy herd sizes were down, hog, poultry and cattle
feeding - all heavy grain-using enterprises - were on the rise.

Food and industrial use of maize was expected to grow by 3% to 4%. Maize use
from September to November 1987 was 2.18 billion bushels, an increase of 195
million bushels from the previous year.

Stocks on Dec. 1 stood at slightly under 9.8 billion bushels, 540 million less
than in 1986.

Thanks to strong participation in the acreage reduction program, U.S. feed grain
production was down 15% last year to 215 million metric tons.

Barley supplies were down 8% because of a 14% drop in production and exports
running ahead of last year's totals.

The supply of oats was 10% below last year and 26% lower than in 1985-86.

Overall global coarse grain production was projected to drop 5% this year.
Demand was expected to increase 1% or 2% and trade to grow 3% to 4%.

The U.S. government's 1988 feed grain programs, which require acreage set-asides
by all participants, will contain less incentive this year.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     February 3, 2000, Thursday, Edition 1

WORTH REPEATING CANADIAN BEEF CAN COMPETE WITH ANYONE'S

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words



The report on country-of-origin beef labelling, released by the United States
Department of Agriculture, was just what the Canadian cattle industry wanted to
hear.

The USDA said a proposed bill, which would require all beef and lamb to bear a
label stating its country of origin, is unnecessary and could harm U.S. farm
trade. The USDA also noted there is no proof such labelling would benefit
American cattle producers.

That's just what the Canadian cattle lobby has been saying, and it has been
supported by beef packers and retailers in Canada and the States. The U.S.
cattle industry push for country-of-origin labelling is political, not
practical. With relatively low prices in recent years, American cattle producers
have been looking for scapegoats. That's why they launched their unsuccessful
anti-dumping crusade last year against Canadian cattle, and that's why they're
asking for country-of-origin labelling.

But politics is the wrong reason for such a measure. Country-of-origin labelling
would function as an unfair trade barrier. No one wins from those except
international trade lawyers.

American cattle producers, represented by the National Cattlemen's Beef
Association, think labeling would improve domestic U.S. beef sales. They think
consumers would choose domestic over imported product because of the quality
they associate with U.S. beef.

That assumption isn't without irony. According to NCBA figures, 14 percent of
the beef purchased by American consumers in 1998 was imported, much of it from
Canada. And it was sold to them under the impression that it was U.S. beef. The
way it works now, if Canadian animals are shipped and slaughtered in the U.S.,
they ostensibly become American beef. The reverse is also true. In order for
country-of-origin labelling to work, origin would have to be interpreted as the
country where the cattle were born, raised and processed.


A better solution is voluntary labelling. Retailers who can guarantee the origin
of meat on their counters should feel free to label it as such. Canadian beef
can compete on a quality basis with any beef in the world.

And quality, not politics, should be the key.

This is an excerpt from an editorial first published in the Western Producer,
Saskatoon.


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             August 12 1988, Friday

US corn harvest to fall by 37%

BYLINE: From MOHSIN ALI, Washington

SECTION: Issue 63158.

LENGTH: 287 words


Drought has shrivelled this year's corn harvest to an estimated 4.48 billion
bushels, down 37 per cent from the 7.06 billion bushels harvested last year, the
United States Agriculture Department said yesterday.

The latest, monthly, figures were based on field surveys dated August 1.


In May and June, before the drought had made its biggest impact, the department
had projected the corn harvest based on trends and an assumption of normal
weather at 7.3 billion bushels.

Corn is the largest and most important crop grown by US farmers. As a feed
ingredient it is essential to the production of meat, poultry and dairy
products.

The soybean crop was forecast at 1.47 billion bushels, 23 per cent smaller than
last year's harvest and projected to be the lowest since 1976.

The survey estimated that a smaller spring wheat crop, harvested later this
summer, would result in total US wheat production of 1.82 billion bushels this
year, a 13 per cent decline from last year. The shortfall in the US crops has
been a boon to some foreign producers.

The drought, coupled with smaller crops in Canada, China and South Africa, has
raised the prospect that the Soviet Union and many developing nations may have
have trouble buying food next year.

Farm help: President Reagan signed a Dollars 3.9 billion (Pounds 2.3 billion)
relief package yesterday to help farmers suffering crop losses of more than 35
per cent of their expected harvest because of the drought (Michael Binyon
writes).

Farmers with crop losses of more than 75 per cent would receive payments equal
to 90 per cent of their income. Small farmers can receive up to Dollars 100,000
each. However, rich farmers will be excluded.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 13, 1983 Tuesday

Corn forecast   declines 48%

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 146 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - Corn production in the United States has been forecast
 at 4.39 billion bushels for 1983, down 16 per cent from the Aug. 1
 forecast and 48 per cent below last year's record high.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture also forecast soybean production of
 1.53 billion bushels, down 33 per cent from the record crop of 1982 and 23
 per cent from 1981's crop.

Cotton production was forecast at 7.78 million bales, 35 per cent below
 1982 production.

Wheat production was forecast at 2.41 billion bushels, down 14 per cent
 from 1982. The wheat forecast comprises 1.98 billion bushels of winter
 wheat (down 6 per cent from 1982), 72.9 million bushels of durum wheat
 (down 51 per cent) and 358 million bushels of other spring wheat (down 35
 per cent from last year's record high).

Peanut production was forecast at 2.91 billion bushels, down 17 per
 cent from last year's crop.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 7, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Grains and Soybeans Show Modest Increase



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 20, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 396 words


Grain and soybean futures prices posted a modest recovery yesterday from
weakness the day earlier in response to poor exports and less harvest progress
than had been suspected.

The price of corn and soybeans climbed in light to moderate trading yesterday -
the first Election Day that trading was held at the nation's commodity futures
markets.

Clear conditions over the weekend in the Middle West and the Mississippi Delta,
where the harvest was lagging behind schedule because of excessive rain in
October, had prompted a selloff in the grain markets on Monday.

But the Agriculture Department reported that the soybean harvest remained 25
percent behind the five- year average, raising concern that the crop could be
damaged if farmers cannot complete the harvest soon, sources said.

The corn harvest appeared to be further along, however, the United States
Agriculture Department reported, and corn prices showed a smaller gain than
soybeans.

Further putting pressure on prices was a lack of export demand. The Agriculture
Department's weekly report on grain inspections for export during the week ended
last Thursday disappointed the market and discouraged buyers, said Bob Lekberg,
a grain analyst in Chicago with Shearson Lehman/American Express.

Some of the buying yesterday appeared to be coming from traders who were evening
up contract positions before the release of a privately prepared crop forecast,
which was released after the close of trading.

The report was compiled and released by Conrad Leslie, who surveys 2,500 grain
elevator operators, grain dealers, processors and millers, and projected a corn
crop of 7.6 billion bushels and a soybean crop of 1.9 billion bushels.

Sources at the floor said the soybean figure was in line with expectations while
the corn figure was higher than anticipated, which could prompte selling in the
corn pit today.

Livestock and meat prices were mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Cattle
prices were under pressure from conjecture that grocers are turning to pork cuts
to feature in the meat cases, sources said. The supply of market-ready beef
appears to be light, which has prompted the switch to hogs, sources said.

Hog futures were mostly lower, however, but analysts noted that the price
already had advanced sharply on Monday in anticipation of higher prices on
wholesale cash markets yesterday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                           August 13, 1992, Thursday

U.S. SAYS SOYBEAN AND CORN YIELDS, SPRING WHEAT OUTPUT WILL BE RECORDS

BYLINE: BY BRUCE INGERSOLL

SECTION: Section A; Page 7, Column 1

LENGTH: 28 words


Agriculture department is projecting record-breaking yields for nation's 1992
corn and soybean crops as well as record spring wheat production (L)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 18, 2004 Sunday

Large crops, decent prices in forecast; Report projects corn production to set a
record in the United States

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 756 words


Commodity price forecasting is something akin to pushing a rope - what you get
might not be at all what you expected - but as we enter the midpoint of this
year's growing season the outlook is for big crops and fairly decent prices.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture, in its latest report, projected United
States corn production at a record 10.6 billion bushels, 210 million bushels
more than last month's forecast and up 521 million bushels from last year. World
coarse grain production is expected to grow about 4.4 percent over last year.

American soybean production is projected to be 2.9 billion bushels, 25 million
below the June forecast but still a large crop. The agriculture department
expects to have a better handle on yield and production potential next month.

Usually, we would expect such big crops to fetch small prices. Maybe not this
year. The agriculture department expects the 2004-05 corn price to range from $$
@2.30 to $$ @2.70 per bushel. Soybeans are expected to average between $$ @5.70
to $$ @6.70 per bushel, not up to the levels we saw earlier this year, but still
better than a year ago.

"With December corn futures near $$ @2.50, the market is fully reflecting a very
large crop," said University of Illinois grain marketing specialist Darrel Good.

"November soybean futures at $$ @6.40 reflect a fair amount of skepticism that
the crop will reach 2.94 billion bushels."

Good said there will still be plenty of soybeans around, though.

"A large increase in South American production is still anticipated for 2004-05,
allowing for a large increase in world soybean consumption and a large increase
in world stocks," he said.

*

The agriculture department said more meat is on the way, too, led by an increase
in pork production. But here again, prices are not expected to crash.

The government's June 25 quarterly hogs and pigs report indicated that producers
remain cautious in their expansion plans. The department expects production to
increase in late 2004 and 2005.

Continued strong demand prompted the agriculture department to raise its
livestock price projections from last month. The forecast choice steer price for
2004 is raised to $$ @85 to $$ @87 per hundredweight, and the average hog price
is raised to $$ @48 to $$ @49.

Dairy producers, too, can look forward to fairly decent milk prices for the
remainder of this year, the agriculture department said. Milk prices should
average from $$ @15.60 to $$ @15.70 per hundred-weight, down from about $$ @20,
according to the agency.

*

The Coalition to Support Iowa's Farmers, a new Iowa agriculture group profiled
this spring in the Telegraph Herald, reports it is off to a good start.

"Since launching May 11, we have been overwhelmed with the outpouring of support
and praise from the farm community and all those that want to help farm families
remain viable on the land and in their communities," said Tim Niess, the
coalition's executive director.

The coalition said more than 50 farm families have contacted it with specific
questions about their livestock business. Niess said most callers want to ensure
that they are in compliance with the rules and regulations that cover their
occupation.

"The vast majority of farm families that raise livestock want to be good
neighbors and environmental stewards," he said.

*

Some good news for Iowa pork producers developed this month. The Iowa Department
of Agriculture and the Iowa Pork Producers Association announced that Iowa was
declared pseudorabies-free by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"A few years ago, we started out with over 4,000 infected herds in Iowa, the
highest in the nation. I am elated to report that we are now pseudorabies-free,"
said Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Patty Judge.

Pseudorabies is extremely contagious and causes reproductive problems in
breeding and finishing hogs. The disease, which has caused some hogs to die, is
not a threat to humans, and the meat from infected animals is not contaminated.

Early pseudorabies control efforts began in the 1970s. A major eradication
effort in Iowa began in 1989 in the known infected counties and grew into a
statewide effort by 1993.

Iowa has more than 10,205 pork operations that generate more than $$ @12 billion
for the state's economy.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 7, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Forecast of a Record Crop Sends Corn Prices Down

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D;  Page 13;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 348 words


Corn prices tumbled yesterday after a futures brokerage firm forecast a record
crop.

On other markets, coffee futures fell sharply while pork futures rebounded.
Higher energy futures helped push up the Commodity Research Bureau's index of 21
commodities by 0.40 point, to 230.26.

In a report released late Wednesday, the brokerage firm, Farmers Commodities of
Des Moines, predicted American farmers would harvest 10.14 billion bushels of
corn this year. That would exceed the record 1992 harvest of 9.48 billion. The
forecast was nearly 10 percent higher than the United States Department of
Agriculture's Sept. 12 corn production estimate of 9.26 billion.

Doug Jackson, a Farmers Commodities vice president and analyst, said his large
estimates were justified by the company's survey of grain elevators across the
country.

The surprise was not so much the size of the estimate as its timing, which came
well ahead of an Agriculture Department forecast next Wednesday. The early and
emphatic prediction of a record crop strengthened perceptions that the grain
harvest will be enormous.

On the Chicago Board of Trade, the corn contract for December delivery fell 2
cents, to $2.1575 a bushel. November soybeans fell 3 1/4 cents, to $5.31 a
bushel.

On the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York, coffee for December
delivery tumbled 9.3 cents, to $2.0575 a pound, after rain fell in parts of the
drought-stricken Brazilian coffee belt. Brazil is the world's top coffee
producer.

"We had one renegade thunderstorm race through part of the coffee belt," said
Walter Spilka, an analyst with Smith Barney Inc. "It was basically a surprise,
and sometimes when these things happen, people start to expect more surprises."

Stronger bacon demand, prompted by temporary retail price reductions, set off a
powerful rally in pork belly futures and lifted hog futures from 14-year lows on
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

October live hogs rose 0.27 cent, to 34.52 cents a pound; February frozen pork
bellies soared the permitted daily limit of 2 cents, to 40.50 cents a pound.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 13, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. bars exporter from subsidy plan

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: Washington,D.C.


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has suspended a grain-exporting company from
taking part in its export subsidy programs because of alleged links with
fugitive trader Marc Rich, the USDA said yesterday.

Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said Stamford, Conn.-based Richco Grain
Ltd. cannot take part in the USDA 's export subsidy sales pending an
investigation into allegations it has links with Rich, against whom government
charges are pending.

''I haven't been personally involved in that (Richco investigation),'' Yeutter
said. ''That's been handled by Undersecretary (Richard) Crowder and
undersecretary (John) Campbell, but I know they have examined the relationships
involving the firm and other people and concluded it would be wise to give the
suspension pending some further investigation.''

Richco officials were unavailable for comment

Marc Rich was reported to have fled to Switzerland five years ago after the
government filed tax evasion, racketeering and other charges against him.

He is on the government's wanted list and the Internal Revenue Service has
offered a reward for information leading to his arrest.

The department's use of Richco to export subsidized commodities came under fire
from Representative Dan Glickman, the Kansas Democrat who heads the House
Agriculture subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and feedgrains.

Since 1986, Richco is believed to have received millions of dollars in bonuses
from the department in the form of surplus government grain in exchange for
subsidized sales.

Most of its sales, involving mainly barley and wheat, were believed made to
Saudi Arabia, Romania, China and the U.S.S.R.

Glickman said his subcommittee will launch an investigation into the subsidy
program.

''We have to examine how this slipped through the cracks . . . maybe the
administration isn't paying close enough attention to how the bonuses are being
offered,'' he said.

Yeutter said the suspension would be reviewed after the department had conducted
its investigation of the firm.

''Clearly the issue will be reappraised when we see the outcome of some of the
Inspector General investigations and any other information that would be
available,'' he said.

Yeutter said he had no specific examples of irregularities.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                              June 4, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture subsidies

BYLINE: Canadian Press; Winnipeg Free Press

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG


WINNIPEG (CP) -- The federal government will hurt industries beyond the farming
sector if it doesn't respond to the subsidies put in place by the U.S.
government, agriculture groups said Monday.

After a meeting in Winnipeg, groups from Manitoba, Alberta, Saskatchewan and
Ontario issued a joint statement calling on Ottawa to help Canadian grain and
oilseed producers hurt by foreign subsidies.

That includes the new U.S. farm bill which gives American farmers $180 billion
over the next decade.

Weldon Newton, president of Keystone Agricultural Producers, said the subsidies
will have an impact on all industries that use grains and oilseeds, from pork
producers to brewers.

"Companies will (produce their products) in the United States because they know
they're guaranteed the raw product down there," Newton said. "It's tough for us
to give those guarantees because we don't have the ability to produce it at the
current market levels."

Manitoba Agriculture Minister Rosann Wowchuk, who also attended Monday's
meeting, said because the subsidies are a trade issue, the federal government
should pick up the entire bill.

"Our farmers cannot compete against the U.S. Treasury," she said. "The level of
subsidies being offered by the U.S. government is more than our farmers can
bear."

She said Sunday's firing of former federal finance minister Paul Martin means
his replacement, John Manley, will have many issues to get up to speed on.

"But we hope he's aware of some of the issues," she said.

(Winnipeg Free Press)

# 2111ES 03-06-02

BC-Agriculture-Subsidies

code:2

WPG OUT WQQ

INDEX: Agriculture, Politics, International, Business, Trade

HL:Agriculture groups meeting in Winnipeg say subsidies need federal response

WINNIPEG (CP) -- The federal government will hurt industries beyond the farming
sector if it doesn't respond to the subsidies put in place by the U.S.
government, agriculture groups said Monday.

After a meeting in Winnipeg, groups from Manitoba, Alberta, Saskatchewan and
Ontario issued a joint statement calling on Ottawa to help Canadian grain and
oilseed producers hurt by foreign subsidies.

That includes the new U.S. farm bill which gives American farmers $180 billion
over the next decade.

Weldon Newton, president of Keystone Agricultural Producers, said the subsidies
will have an impact on all industries that use grains and oilseeds, from pork
producers to brewers.

"Companies will (produce their products) in the United States because they know
they're guaranteed the raw product down there," Newton said. "It's tough for us
to give those guarantees because we don't have the ability to produce it at the
current market levels."

Manitoba Agriculture Minister Rosann Wowchuk, who also attended Monday's
meeting, said because the subsidies are a trade issue, the federal government
should pick up the entire bill.

"Our farmers cannot compete against the U.S. Treasury," she said. "The level of
subsidies being offered by the U.S. government is more than our farmers can
bear."

She said Sunday's firing of former federal finance minister Paul Martin means
his replacement, John Manley, will have many issues to get up to speed on.

"But we hope he's aware of some of the issues," she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2002 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 4, 2004 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

REFORMING FARM SUBSIDIES IS TOUGH ROW TO HOE

BYLINE: By Sara F. Cooper Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Sara F. Cooper guest column; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 795 words


When Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns, whom President Bush has just nominated to be
the next secretary of agriculture, takes office, his first order of business
should be pushing for an end to America's drastically distorted farm subsidy
programs.

Eliminating U.S. farm subsidies would dramatically reduce government spending,
end a program that mostly benefits corporate interests and the wealthy,
strengthen U.S. agriculture, give us needed leverage in international trade
negotiations, and allow the United States to extricate itself from the
embarrassing practice of undermining its own foreign-aid program.

The United States made $17 billion in direct government payments to farmers and
ranchers in 2003 - amounting to 32 percent of net farm income. On top of this
were additional billions in indirect assistance, delivered via subsidized loans
and insurance, loan guarantees and tax breaks.

IF THE FARM lobby's argument that such largesse is necessary to preserve the
family farm ever applied, it doesn't now. According to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, about 40 percent of all farms receive government payments of some
kind. The bulk of these payments, however, go to larger farms. In fact, while
just 7 percent of all U.S. farms have sales of $250,000 or more, this 7 percent
receive almost half of all government payments.

How could a domestic aid program become so distorted?

The reason is simple: Eligibility for farm subsidies is determined by crop, not
by income or poverty standards. Growers of corn, wheat, cotton, soybeans and
rice receive more than 90 percent of our farm subsidies. Growers of the other
400 domestic crops grown receive nothing.

Because crop rather than need determines eligibility, billionaires such as Ted
Turner and corporate behemoths such as Georgia Pacific and Cargill are
subsidized. The struggling little guy, as often as not, receives nothing.

The U.S. cotton industry is a stark example of this distortion. Growers in the
Mississippi Delta are among the highest-cost cotton producers worldwide.
According to a recent report by the international aid agency Oxfam, the United
States spends nearly $4 billion yearly on subsidies for cotton producers, making
us the world's largest cotton subsidizer. Reflecting the farm industry overall,
the largest 10 percent of cotton farms receives 79 percent of all payments, and
the top 1 percent receives 25 percent. The average payment to cotton growers was
$331,000 in 2002; 25 growers received more than $1 million each.

FARM SUBSIDIES are a barrier to trade, putting the United States at a
disadvantage in negotiations for increased market access in other countries.
Countries are less than eager to remove trade barriers when the United States
won't remove its own.

Subsidies also undermine U.S. efforts to help developing economies. On the one
hand, the United States annually provides billions of dollars in foreign aid to
developing countries. At the same time, U.S. farm subsidies prevent farmers in
those countries from effectively competing in, or with, the U.S. market.

U.S. farmers claim that since their European counterparts receive subsidies,
they need them to compete. Yet New Zealand's prosperous agricultural sector -
which at one time was also addicted to subsidies - shows this is untrue. New
Zealand farm subsidies today are the lowest in the world. Meanwhile, the
country's agricultural sector is growing at a faster pace than the overall
economy.

In 1984, the New Zealand government did away with most farm subsidies. Without
subsidies, New Zealand's farmers don't make decisions based on government
handouts. They regrouped and reorganized. They cut spending. They found ways to
increase the market value of their crops or switched crops altogether.

Expectations to the contrary, New Zealand lost less than 1 percent of its
farming businesses. Family farming, not corporate farming, expanded. New Zealand
agriculture was not destroyed. Rather, it changed to meet the demands of the
market and thrived.

WHAT HAPPENED in New Zealand could be duplicated in the United States. In fact,
the United States has less at stake than New Zealand did. Agriculture in New
Zealand accounts for more than 13 percent of its gross domestic product. Here,
agriculture accounts for around 2 percent of GDP.

Simply put, there are too many reasons not to eliminate farm subsidies. Such a
reform - which the farm lobby would fight tooth and nail - would force U.S.
agriculture to make decisions based on market conditions, rather than the
availability of government subsidies. New Zealand has proved it's possible; it
is time for the United States to prove it again.

(Editor's note: The writer is a visiting fellow at the American Institute for
Economic Research.)

Knight Ridder/Tribune Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE/ASSOCIATED PRESS Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns milked Silky the cow
on a lawn outside the University of Nebraska-Lincoln Dairy Store in Lincoln,
Neb., June 1. President Bush on Thursday chose Johanns to be the new secretary
of agriculture. If he takes office, he might want to look at farm-subsidy
reform.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: GUEST COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday

The politics of farm aid

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 452 words


There's an argument to be made for assistance to farmers whose income has been
adversely affected by unusual events beyond their control - for example, a
severe flood, a lengthy drought, a disruptive trade dispute or the fallout from
mad-cow disease. But such relief can never be more than a temporary Band-Aid.
It's not a cure for the long-term problems faced by a troubled industry. To the
extent that it postpones solutions, government aid can end up doing more harm
than good.

As Nolan Pharis, a fourth-generation rancher from Cowley, Alta., told The Globe
and Mail after hearing that Ottawa will fork over another $1-billion in
assistance to the farm sector, on top of the billions already committed by
federal and provincial governments: "This money will help me, but it won't help
the industry. It's just delaying our problems."

The first step toward putting agriculture on a sounder footing is to eliminate
all farm subsidies, apart from the already mentioned emergency relief. In the
package announced yesterday by federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell, a
large part of the money has been earmarked for grain and oilseed producers hit
by a sharp decline in prices and poor growing conditions. Depressed prices are a
chronic problem, not a one-time event; and the principal cause is that the
European Union and the United States continue to set an artificially low world
price based on their own heavily subsidized exports rather than the actual costs
of production and distribution.

Heavy farm subsidies remain a sacred cow in Europe and the United States, as
well as in Japan, Switzerland and many other wealthy countries, mainly because
they are politically useful and nearly immune to opposition attacks. Will
Stephen Harper's free-market Conservatives risk western wrath by criticizing
Ottawa's latest handouts to grain and cattle producers? Hardly likely, unless it
is to complain that the Liberal government is giving too little too late.

About 18 per cent of the new federal money is destined for cattle producers hurt
badly by the U.S. ban on Canadian beef. The ban was triggered by a mad-cow
scare, but has been stretched to a ridiculous length because of old-fashioned
lobbying and legal manoeuvring by U.S. cattle interests, who seek to keep
Canadian competitors out of their market. Regardless of what the Americans call
it, the ban is nothing more than an effective non-tariff barrier.

Ending the unfair subsidies and the illegal curbs on trade will go a long way to
getting the Canadian industry back on its feet. But Ottawa and the provinces
need to ensure that their own aid is untainted by political considerations and
that it is part of the solution, instead of the problem.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          October 29, 2003, Wednesday

FARMING BRIEFS: BEEF PRODUCTION IN US EASES BACK

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 129 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has forecast that 2003 US
beef production will be two per cent below 2002, at 12.088 million tonnes.

The temporary ban on imported Canadian beef and live cattle and tight domestic
supplies were factored into the year-on-year decline.

The USDA expects supplies to remain tight, with 2004 US beef production forecast
to fall five per cent from 2003, to 11.51 million tonnes.

In spite of the predicted drop in production, beef exports are expected to
increase eight per cent in 2003, to 1.19 million tonnes, largely driven by
increased exports to Asia, particularly Korea.

The USDA has forecast beef exports to increase a further two per cent from 2003
to 1.2 million tonnes in the 2004 calendar year.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            January 21, 2000, Friday

Embassy to lodge US lamb protest

SECTION: NEWS; National; Pg. 7; NATIONAL BRIEFING

LENGTH: 144 words


Trade Negotiations Minister Jim Sutton has asked New Zealand's embassy in
Washington to lodge a protest with the United States Department of Agriculture
at the $ 194 million farm aid package unveiled last weekend.

A spokesman for Mr Sutton, who is also Agriculture Minister, said yesterday he
issued the instruction on Tuesday after learning of the United States
Government's handouts for sheep farmers. The spokesman said Mr Sutton had also
asked the high commission in Canberra to work with Australian officials on a
joint response to the package. This follows US President Bill Clinton's decision
last year to bow to pressure from local farmers and slap tariffs on sheepmeat
imports from Australasia. The World Trade Organisation is considering a
complaint from New Zealand and Australia over the tariffs, which the United
States argues are legal.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 30, 1988, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Rain drives grain prices down but fails to relieve U.S. drought

BYLINE: Deborah Hargreaves and Nancy Dunne Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 3, MARKETS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: London,England


  Scattered showers quenched parts of the thirsty U.S. farm belt yesterday but
showed little sign of breaking the worst drought to strike the nation in half a
century.

Grain prices plunged across the board for the second day in a row as Chicago
traders remained hypersensitive to any change in the weather.

The drought had triggered soaring commodity prices in the futures markets, where
grains until Tuesday approached record price levels.

But these prices had already anticipated widespread damage to U.S. crops, and
traders have been quick to react to any prospects of improvement in the U.S.
harvest.

DAMAGE 'UNDERESTIMATED'

The farm lobby, however, is complaining that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
has underestimated the drought damage so far.

''If it were to rain tomorrow, you would still have a 50% reduction in harvest
on wheat,'' said Devon Woodland of the National Farmers' Organization.

''You would have a 60% harvest in corn, and you would have a 70% harvest in
soyabeans.''

Even more dramatic, he said, is the 50% reduction in hay output available for
livestock farmers, who have been the first to suffer the affects of the
disaster.

''The grass has been consumed - it's gone - and we have seen the first-wave
liquidation of cattle, and the second wave will come when we know for a fact
that there is no more rain, and there is none in the forecast,'' he said.

In view of the November presidential elections, pleas by farmers for government
assistance are falling on receptive ears in Washington.

''If you're going to have a drought, it had better be in a year divisible by
four,'' said John Baise of the American Soyabean Association.

His organization has put forward a package of relief proposals including loans
and subsidies this year to drought-stricken soybean producers and export
subsidies next year.

U.S. government surpluses of soybeans are depleting rapidly and are expected to
disappear during July.

Even before the drought, the USDA had predicted that by September farmer-owned
stocks would drop to an historically low 155 million bushels.

The American Soyabean Association is worried about expanded oilseeds production
by Brazil and Argentina in 1988-89.

To maintain its grip on its markets, it is requesting changes in the U.S. farm
program which would allow for an expansion of U.S. soybean planting next year.

PROGRAM ON HOLD

The USDA has insisted that, despite the drought, there will sufficient supplies
of grain for export this year.

But the department has quietly put on hold a controversial subsidy program aimed
at boosting grain exports.

Farmers, however, are keen to see the scheme continued.

They point to the 78 million acres of land, idle this year under set-aside and
conservation programs, which could be brought back into production next year.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 12, 1989, WEDNESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

EMERSON BACKS CUTS IN GLOBAL FARM SUBSIDIES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 280 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - Rep. Bill Emerson, R-Mo., expressed support on Tuesday for an
international accord that calls for gradually reducing trade-distorting global
farm subsidies.  Emerson, from Cape Girardeau, was among several members of the
House Agriculture Committee to observe trade talks in Geneva. He said language
worked out by negotiators represented ''forward movement'' in efforts by the
United States toward its goal of eliminating subsidies.  ''It may not be
everything the United States is looking for,'' Emerson said.  ''We would like to
see all trade barriers eradicated, but . . . they probably won't be. But if we
can eliminate or eradicate or reduce more rather than less, that's progress.''
The short-term accord was worked out over the weekend in talks in Geneva by
member nations of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, or GATT. It calls
for no new global farm subsidies and trade barriers. It also calls for
negotiating ''substantial progressive reductions'' in trade-distorting subsidies
in the long term.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 1, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid to Farmers Rise to Record Highs

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 32;  Column 1;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 31


Record high prices for corn and wheat helped a 12 percent rise in the farm-price
index in May from a year earlier, the Department of Agriculture said today.

The index, the Government's gauge of prices paid to farmers for their crops and
livestock, rose to a record high of 112 in May, up 3.7 percent from April.

The May corn price averaged $4.26 a bushel, a record high. Corn was 41 cents a
bushel more than a month ago and $1.84 higher than a year ago.

"Strong export demand and tight supplies continue to support feed grain prices,"
the department's monthly Agricultural Prices report said.

Sorghum prices, at an average $7.98 for 100 pounds, also a record high, were 69
cents a 100 pounds higher than in April and $3.92 higher than a year ago.

Wheat prices averaged 49 cents higher at $5.81 a bushel, a record high on
expectations of a smaller 1996 crop and tightening supplies.

The May rice price at an averaged $9.45 for 100 pounds was 11 cents a 100 pounds
more than a month ago and $2.58 higher than a year ago.

Hog prices in May, at $57.20 a 100 pounds, were up $7.50 from a month earlier
and $20.10 more than the previous year to rise above beef cattle prices for the
first time in 10 years, the department said.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

No Rejoicing Over Bumper Crops

                            August 19, 1985, Monday

By ANDREA BENNETT


Predictions of good crops from the nation's farmland ordinarily would be good
news, but not this year. The United States Department of Agriculture's forecast
that huge - and in some cases, record - crops are expected in most commodities
this fall is just one more piece of bad news for farm bankers.

The gloom stems from simple economics. The bumper crops should drive down
already depressed commodity prices, making it even more difficult for already
struggling farmers to repay their loans to farm lenders.

Specifically, the USDA forecasts a corn crop that, at 8.27 billion bushels, will
surpass the previous record of 8.24 billion bushels set in 1982.Soybean
production is estimated at 1.96 billion bushels and wheat production at 2.38
billion bushels.

The news may get even worse. Analysts said that the weather has improved since
the Department of Agriculture survey was taken Aug. 1, and if anything, the
forecast could be low.

''It does appear we've got a crop that is getting larger,'' said Richard Feltes,
vice president and director of commodities research at Refco Inc. in Chicago.

Al DiDominicis, manager of grain purchasing for CPC International Inc., said the
price of corn is projected to drop to between $2.40 to $2.60 a bushel - well
below the $3 a bushel that many analysts feel farmers need to cover production
costs.

Thomas Olson, president of Lisco State Bank, Lisco, Neb., and vice president of
the Independent Bankers Association of America, said there was no way farmers
would be able to cover their costs in raising crops. He predicted a further
erosion of the value of agricultural land - which often serves as collateral for
farm loans - and renewed farm stress this fall.

Others expected to feel the pinch are the Farm Credit System, which lends
strictly to agriculture, and the federal government, which may have to pick up
the tab for higher-than-expected price-support payments as commodity prices dip
below support levels.

The high yields on farm crops are ''a two-edged sword,'' said Mel Adams,
chairman of Adams Banks in Nebraska. ''In the short run, we're glad the farmers
did well. In the long run, it's going to be like shooting yourself in the
foot.''

SECTION: NEWS MONDAY; Agricultural Lending; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 368 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Expo held to modernize agriculture sector

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 97

LENGTH: 241  words


- The United States showcased its longstanding support for Pakistan's
agriculture sector at the 5th Annual Dawn Food and Agri Expo in the city with a
pavilion featuring its ongoing initiatives.

The Expo highlighted efforts to modernize the agriculture sector, improve market
access, and increase crop yields, says a press release issued by USAID here on
Tuesday.

The Expo's U.S. pavilion featured agricultural assistance programs supported by
the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA).

These programs promote advanced farming practices, enhance export capacity,
build irrigation infrastructure and introduce the latest in water management
practices.

The United States has maintained a longstanding partnership with Pakistan to
improve the livelihoods of farmers and increase access to nutritious food for
millions of Pakistanis.

Since 2009, the United States, in partnership with the government of Pakistan
and the private sector, has invested more than $550 million to fund projects
that support economic growth and agriculture.

Over the past five years, USAID projects have helped increase exports from
Pakistan by $59 million, increased sales by $153 million, and helped develop
over $16 million in new investments.

More than 910,000 farming households have increased their incomes since 2010
utilizing U.S.-funded programs, and 45,000 more have received training in
dairy-related operations.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                              May 25, 2015 Monday

Focus on precision farming

BYLINE: ASHFAK BOKHARI

SECTION: Vol. LXIX No. 144

LENGTH: 910  words


AN international seminar held at Faisalabads university of agriculture on May 14
was told that it was time Pakistan adopted precision agriculture.

Precision agriculture enables the farmer to produce more efficiently through
rational and economical use of resources and balanced use of inputs. Chemicals
are used only where and when they are necessary. The promotion of environmental
stewardship is a key component of the new system.

Precision agriculture is still relatively new even in the United States where
the concept first emerged in the early 1980s. Its application began in the 1990s
when global positioning system (GPS) first became available for civilian use.
Its use in agriculture enabled farmers to map their fields and measure crop
yields in great details and apply inputs in precise quantities and locations
using variable rate technology (VRT). It minimised overlapping applications of
expensive seed, fertilisers, and pesticides. Sensors have been developed
recently to rapidly assess the nutrient levels in soils and plants.

Research in precision agriculture is expanding in the developing world

In Latin America, it was introduced first in Argentina in mid-1990s and then
Brazil adopted it. But less than 10pc of Frances farmers are equipped with
variable-rate systems. In a sense, it is a highly sophisticated system,
requiring deeper technical knowledge on the part of its practitioners. But
farmers in the Philippines, who dont have GPS, do the job with a simple mobile
phone. Once they press the appropriate buttons to answer questions about their
farm practices, the information travels to a cloud-based server. Then
computations are performed, and the recommendations travel back as a text
message in minutes to the farmers.

However, what seems clear in theory can be tricky in reality. A researcher
admits that precision agriculture in the United States, Europe, and Australia is
carried out in fields that are 4.0 to 40.0- hectares in area, whereas farms in
China, India, and many other developing countries are often 2.0- hectares or
even less in size. Then, conventional precision farming requires mechanisation,
big equipment, and sophisticated technology -- tools that are far beyond the
reach of smallholder farmers. Scientists are not sure if this solution fits all.
They know that introducing this technology to, at least, the least developed
countries can mean pushing them to further misery. However, research in
precision agriculture is expanding in the developing world today.

But farmers in the developing countries are at the moment more engrossed in the
efforts to neutralise the disastrous impact of the climate change on their
produce in the fields. The new phenomena like erratic weather conditions,
unseasonal heavy rainfall, frequent floods and draught, scarcity of irrigation
water have made farming a more difficult pursuit.

The government has not taken any significant step to protect the farmers and
provide them with new technology and locally produced new seed varieties to meet
the changed scenario, nor have taken any measures to educate growers about how
to respond to climate change. Keeping in view the recent rains in the north and
central parts of Pakistan and the sudden rise and fall in temperature, what the
farmers need is a revision of their crop calendar. They need to start sowing the
crop early so that they can harvest before heavy monsoon rains in late August
and September.

One of the key findings of a recent WWF-Pakistan study is that climate change
will likely have a large cost on agricultural productivity in Pakistan. In
particular, by 2040 assuming a 0.5 degree celsius increase in average nationwide
temperatures, an 8-10pc loss is expected across all crops corresponding to
Rs30,000 per acre. The report, produced in collaboration with London School of
Economics, suggests that productivity of cotton and wheat crops (but not rice)
can be increased by up to 49-52pc if five on-farm adaptation measures are
carried out. Such gains are possible for those farmers who are currently not
applying these measures, approximately half of all farmers in Sindh and Punjab.

The report proposes a low cost roll-out of state-sponsored climate field schools
in which on-farm adaptation measures will be taught. The schools will impart to
the farmers the knowledge of climate resilient methods within tillage, chemical
input use, and crop husbandry and irrigation. The cost for Punjab and Sindh will
be affordable and limited to five agro-climatic zones (excluding rice belts in
western Sindh and eastern Punjab).

After the 18th Amendment, it says, several subjects have devolved to the
provinces, but even the bigger provincial governments, Sindh and Punjab, have
taken no measures to draw up their own climate adaptation policies. The
provinces are just as responsible for ensuring water- and food-security as the
federal government, but one finds no sense of urgency to respond to the
magnitude of the challenge.

Meanwhile, it is interesting to note the claim of geologists based in Europe
that the 7.9 magnitude earthquake in Nepal in April end was caused by climate
change. They are of the opinion that the pressure that falls upon the underlying
tectonic plates on account of excess rainfall and its ebb and flow in the river
deltas of India and Bangladesh could have triggered the earthquake. But no
country in this region is immune to excessive rainfall and hence could face
similar fate as did Nepal.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2015 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Expo held to modernize agriculture sector

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: Lahore



LAHORE:  The United States showcased its
longstanding support for Pakistan's agriculture sector at the
5th Annual Dawn Food and Agri Expo in the city with a pavilion
featuring its ongoing initiatives.


     The Expo highlighted efforts to modernize the agriculture
sector, improve market access, and increase crop yields, says
a press release issued by USAID here on Tuesday.
     The Expo's U.S. pavilion featured agricultural assistance
programs supported by the U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA).
     These programs promote advanced farming practices,
enhance export capacity, build irrigation infrastructure and
introduce the latest in water management practices.
     The United States has maintained a longstanding
partnership with Pakistan to improve the livelihoods of
farmers and increase access to nutritious food for millions
of Pakistanis.
     Since 2009, the United States, in partnership with the
government of Pakistan and the private sector, has invested
more than $550 million to fund projects that support economic
growth and agriculture.
     Over the past five years, USAID projects have helped
increase exports from Pakistan by $59 million, increased sales
by $153 million, and helped develop over $16 million in new
investments.
     More than 910,000 farming households have increased their
incomes since 2010 utilizing U.S.-funded programs, and 45,000
more have received training in dairy-related operations.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   October 18, 1999 Monday NATIONAL EDITIONS

U.S. farmers pressure Clinton to get crackin' into Canadian market

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C05, Free Trade Threatens Farmers: Where It's Going

LENGTH: 403 words


Tom Suber is hoping the U.S. government is third time lucky. Twice before, his
country has tried to take on Canada's protected farm supply system. And lost
both times. Now Mr. Suber, executive director of the U.S. Dairy Export Council,
and other U.S. farm lobby groups are again pushing the Clinton administration to
try to crack open the northern border a little more to get U.S. chicken, eggs,
cheese, yogurt and milk into the hands of Canadian consumers. 'It's not so much
we want to ship milk to Canada because we don't like Canadian dairy farmers,'
says Mr. Suber. 'It's just that we have to go much further to compete in markets
like Japan with tough competitors like Australia, New Zealand and Argentina.'
Farm products, especially dairy products, do not travel well. That is why
producers are anxious to tap export markets close by to keep transportation
costs down and profit margins wide. So a huge market like Canada, with 28
million potential customers being so close to the U.S., is just too tempting to
the U.S. dairy industry. Also, American milk producers may soon be losing some
of their U.S. government support, through minimum pricing, making export markets
even more crucial. The U.S. farm export industry told Congress recently the
Canadian market could be worth about $1 billion (US) a year in extra dairy sales
and up to $700 million (US) in annual chicken sales. U.S. negotiators tried in
1995 during the last round of global trade talks, called the Uruguay Round, to
break down Canadian barriers to imported dairy and chicken products. But the
entire negotiations in agriculture fell off the table when the European
Community balked at reforming its common agricultural policy. The negotiations
did offer the U.S. some hope. As part of a plan to end import quotas on all
kinds of products, the 134 countries in the World Trade Organization agreed to
convert existing quotas to tariffs or duties and to set them so high that the
effect was the same as a ban. Ottawa converted its restrictions on tariffs,
setting some, like cheese, as high as 317% and chicken at 260%. But it did allow
some milk products and chicken into the country duty-free. Thinking Ottawa had
stepped into the trap, the Clinton administration complained about the new
tariffs, arguing that while they may have been sanctioned under the WTO, they
were illegal under the North American free trade agreement.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Statistics

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 2, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

PORK OUTPUT MAY FALL

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 256 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 1


Pork production during the rest of the year is expected to be 10 percent less
than last year and, in response to the production decline, hog prices will be
higher, the Agriculture Department said today in a report.

Hog prices have rebounded to more than $50 per hundredweight, or 100 pounds, up
from a winter average of $41, when prices were well below costs.

Prices of fed cattle have increased less sharply. Choice steers sold at Omaha,
Neb., are selling for about $70 per hundredweight, the department said.

Beef output will be ''a little larger'' than last summer and fall as more beef
is fed in feedlots, and marketings of grass-fed cattle rise seasonally in late
summer, according to the department. It also said that broiler production will
be up 10 percent compared to last summer when heat waves reduced output. This
fall, production will be up about 5 percent.

Corn and soybean crops for livestock feeding are expected to be much greater
than a year ago when drought reduced yields. Larger crops would encourage
livestock production, the department said.

Higher livestock prices did nothing to change the department's estimate of 1981
farm income from last month's forecast. Experts predicted that income will fall
within a range of $22 billion to $27 billion, which would be less than predicted
earlier this year. In 1980, farm income was a depressed $22 billion, 29 percent
less than 1979.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   December 31, 1998, Thursday, METRO EDITION

The spoils of dependency Recent U.S. cold snap pinches our northern wallets

BYLINE: By Joel Baglole Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 726 words


   Fruits and vegetables have got to be fresh. And in most of Canada, freshness
requires importing from other countries. Our northern climate shortens the
annual growing season to six months, seven tops, and heavy frost makes growing
citrus fruits impossible.

Slightly more than 80 per cent of Canada's fruit and vegetable imports come from
the United States. The recent cold snap that destroyed 50 per cent of
California's orange harvest and caused citrus fruit prices to double at Canadian
retail outlets, highlights our country's dependence on the United States.  And
since the North American Free Trade Agreement was signed, our dependence on U.S.
produce has increased.

"We are big-time importers," said Maribeth Fitts, a fruit and vegetable
specialist with the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs.
"We're particularly dependent on them (imports) in the winter months because we
can't grow or store (fruits and vegetables)."

In 1997, Canada imported $1 billion worth of fresh vegetables - excluding
potatoes. Our fresh vegetable imports were more than triple the $240 million
worth of vegetables Canada exported to other countries.

Statistics on fruit show an even larger difference between imports and exports.
Last year, Canada exported $102 million in fresh fruit while importing $835
million worth of fresh fruit - and $663 million of that was citrus fruit.

Canada imports most of its citrus fruit from the southern United States. "It has
to be grown below the frost line, in places like southern California and
Florida. Even Georgia is too far north to grow citrus (fruits)," Fitts said.

But Clarence Swanton, chair of the plant agriculture department at the
University of Guelph, said Canadians aren't the only people who suffer when
supplies are diminished.

"Sure, we suffer," he said. "But no more than the rest of the U.S. People in
Wisconsin are seeing their fruit prices go up as much as in Ontario."

Canada may import more fruits and vegetables than it exports, but our national
horticulture industry is alive and kicking.

According to Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, Canada produced 678,000 tonnes of
fruit last year, with an estimated value of $440 million, and 19 per cent of the
total horticulture sector. The main fruit products produced were apples, tender
fruits such as peaches, pears, cherries, plums and apricots, and berries ranging
from blueberries to strawberries.

Also, Canada produced 2.1 million tonnes of vegetables, worth $1.1 billion, and
30 per cent of the horticulture sector. The main vegetables produced included
tomatoes, corn, peas, beans, carrots, onions, cabbage and lettuce.

These stats don't include potatoes, which was Canada's Number 1 vegetable export
to the United States last year, worth $93.9 million. Our thriving potato
industry has produced an interesting spin-off: Canada is now the world's second
largest exporter of processed french fries, after the Netherlands.

Fitts said advanced technology in cold storage and greenhouses is helping
farmers extend the life of their horticulture products - both fruits and
vegetables - during the winter.

"Storage techniques allow many farmers to preserve their crops and take them to
stores every week during the winter months," Fitts said. "There are apples in
cold storage now that will last until next June."

While Canada's horticulture industry rises and falls with the weather,
statistics show that imports and exports of fruits and vegetables are growing.

Canada's $1 billion in vegetable imports this year is a third more than the
$671.7 million imported in 1990. Canada's current level of $835 million in
imported fruit is substantially larger than the $652 million worth of fruit
imported in 1990.

Exports of vegetables, excluding potatoes, are up more than 450 per cent - from
$52.3 million in 1990 to last year's figure of $240 million in vegetable
exports. Fresh fruit exports have risen from $68.7 million in 1990 to $102
million in 1997.

John Vandenberg, a market development adviser of horticulture at Agriculture and
Agri-Food Canada, said the North American Free Trade Agreement, which has
lowered restrictive trade tariffs, accounts for the increase in bilateral
horticulture trade with the United States.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star colour chart and drawing (Alfred Elicierto; source: Agriculture
Canada): From field to table: value in millions of Canadian dollars of fruit and
vegetable imports over the last seven years.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      August 4, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

HURRICANE ERIN: A SECOND LANDFALL;
South Georgia crops helped more than hurt

BYLINE: Jack Warner; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS, Pg. 4B, Jack Warner

LENGTH: 214 words


Agriculture officials in South Georgia counties said Hurricane Erin caused only
minor damage to crops as the trailing edge of the storm passed through, heading
west toward Mississippi late Thursday.

In Seminole County, extension agent Rome Ethridge said Erin "brought us rainfall
when we needed it badly" for cotton and peanuts. But the storm did some damage
to mature corn crops, he added.

"I was talking to a farmer a while ago who said he was combining his corn until
past dark last night trying to finish up his harvest. He got all but 10 acres
harvested out of 400," Ethridge said.

He said the winds, gusting up to 40 mph Wednesday night and early Thursday,
knocked over some of the ripe corn, making it at best more expensive to harvest
and, if the damp weather continues, ruining it.

Quitman County, extension director Johnny Whiddon said the severity of damage to
the 46,000 acres of cotton in Quitman County will depend on how soon the sun
comes out. "At this point I'm hoping and praying it's going to be minor," he
said. "We got off very light."

Grady County extension agent Tim Flandersty said the storm had minimal effect in
his area. "There could have been some damage to a few pecan trees here and there
and maybe a little damage to the corn," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP: Hurricane Erin hits Florida a second time A map of the southern
United States shows where the a tugboat sank, where a gambling ship sank and
where two Georgians are missing because of hurricane Erin. / Knight-Ridder
Tribune

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "THE FARMER-STOCKMAN" to Farm Progress Companies, Inc.
(NEW YORK)

LENGTH: 119  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Farm Progress Companies, Inc. (NEW YORK), has been granted trademark (4655270)
titled as "THE FARMER-STOCKMAN" from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: Entertainment services, namely,
providing webcasts in the field of farming and agriculture; On-line journals,
namely, blogs featuring news, information and commentary in the field of farming
and agriculture; Providing a website featuring blogs and non-downloadable
publications in the nature of newspapers, magazines, newsletters and reports in
the field(s) of farming and agriculture; Providing online newsletters in the
field of farming and agriculture via e-mail. FIRST USE: 20060800.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 6, 1991, Thursday

IN SEASON; Price is right for early blueberries, but don't expect season to
last; long

BYLINE: Cynthia Juberafood; consumer; costs

SECTION: FOOD; SECTION W; PAGE 15

LENGTH: 435 words


The rainy spring may have wreaked havoc with most vegetables grown on the
Eastern Seaboard, but it has offered a bumper crop of early blueberries.

The berries are being harvested throughout the Carolinas, Georgia and Florida
earlier than usual, and are being offered at prices usually seen later in the
season.

Prices are fluctuating wildly, but look for good bargains on blueberries for at
least a couple of weeks, when prices are likely to rise.

Canadians produce and consume more blueberries than any other nation in the
world, but Georgia is right up there with the big leaguers when it comes to
production.

Georgia is the fifth-largest producer of blueberries in the United States, and
production is expected to increase dramatically in the next few years.

As many as 30 farms offer pick-your-own operations, located all over the state,
with individual listings available through the Georgia Department of Agriculture
or the Farmers and Consumers Market Bulletin. (Call 656-3682 to obtain a copy.)

Organically grown blueberries are available at Bill Callaway's U- Pick in
Cumming, just north of Atlanta.; Other produce

Florida rains haven't changed the produce picture much for several weeks.
Cucumbers, bell peppers, tomatoes and squash are all high in price with some
quality damage.

All potatoes are high now except red potatoes. Some California long whites are
now available.

Some retailers say watermelons are getting hard to find at any price, and that
price is surely high.

Texas cantaloupe are finished and because California melons are the only ones
available, prices are high. California lemons are also high, but limes are
looking big and beautiful and getting cheaper weekly - expect to find them at
eight for $ 1 soon.

Blueberry prices have been exceptionally low and are now fluctuating up and
down, but reports say the crop will be short this year; the Carolina berries may
be gone in just a few weeks.

Peaches are small due to the weather and are rather scarce in stores. California
white Perlette grapes are still sour this early in the season, but some Red
Flame grapes now coming in are very tasty.

At the State Farmers Market, Georgia sheds 11, 12 and 13 are open, with Red
Gold, a clingstone peach, in and at good prices.

Also in are pole beans, squash and just a smattering of end-of-the- season
Vidalia onions.; Meat poultry, seafood

On sale through Saturday. Round steak, boneless rump roast, fryer leg quarters,
veal shoulder chops, pork tenderloin, bay scallops, catfish fillets, salmon -
whole or in steaks - and medium shrimp.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

The Internet of Things and the Future of Farming

BYLINE: STEVE LOHR

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 905 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Internet of Things presents daunting technical and policy
challenges. But smarter farming, for example, shows its potential.


The Internet of Things - the vision of a world brimming with communicating
sensors and digital smarts - occupies the peak of Gartner's most recent "hype
cycle." And a report released two months ago by the McKinsey Global Institute
laid out the potential multitrillion-dollar payoff from the emerging technology.

At a two-day workshop last week in San Jose, Calif., hosted by the National
Science Foundation and theNational Consortium for Data Science, a few dozen
academics, corporate technologists and government officials met and mostly
wrestled with the thorny technical and policy issues that must be addressed if
the potential of the Internet of Things is to be realized. They were working to
come up with a research agenda to make practical progress on challenges like
security, privacy and standards. A glimpse of the looming security concerns came
two weeks ago, when Fiat Chrysler recalled 1.4 million vehicles after two
researchers hacked into a Jeep Cherokee and showed they could remotely control
its engine, brakes and steering.

But the Silicon Valley gathering also underlined the societal needs that
Internet-of-Things technology could help address. Lance Donny, founder of an
agricultural technology start-up, OnFarm Systems, gave a wide-ranging talk that
laid out the history of farming and presented the case for its data-driven
future. Inexpensive sensors, cloud computing and intelligent software, he
suggested, hold the potential to transform agriculture and help feed the world's
growing population.

Venture capitalists seem to share some of Mr. Donny's optimism. In the first
half of this year, venture investment in so-called agtech start-ups reached
$2.06 billion in 228 deals, according to a studypublished last week by AgFunder,
an equity crowdfunding platform for agricultural technology. The half-year total
was close to the $2.36 billion raised in all of 2014, which was a record year.

In his presentation, Mr. Donny placed the progression of farming in three
stages. The first, preindustrial agriculture, dating from before Christ to about
1920, consisted of labor-intensive, essentially subsistence farming on small
farms, which took two acres to feed one person. In the second stage, industrial
agriculture, from 1920 to about 2010, tractors and combine harvesters, chemical
fertilizers and seed science opened the way to large commercial farms. One
result has been big gains in productivity, with one acre feeding five people.

The third stage, which Mr. Donny calls Ag 3.0, is just getting underway and
involves exploiting data from many sources - sensors on farm equipment and
plants, satellite images and weather tracking. In the near future, the use of
water and fertilizer will be measured and monitored in detail, sometimes on a
plant-by-plant basis.

Mr. Donny, who was raised on a family farm in Fresno, Calif., that grew table
grapes and raisin grapes, said the data-rich approach to decision making
represented a sharp break with tradition. "It's a totally different world than
walking out on the farmland, kicking the dirt and making a decision based on
intuition," he said.

The benefits should be higher productivity and more efficient use of land, water
and fertilizer. But it will also, Mr. Donny said, help satisfy the rising demand
for transparency in farming. Consumers, he noted, increasingly want to know
where their food came from, how much water and chemicals were used, and when and
how it was harvested. "Data is the only way that can be done," Mr. Donny said.

In the United States, major agriculture companies are making sizable investments
to position themselves for data-driven farming. John Deere, for example, wants
to make the farm tractor a data-control center in the field. Monsanto made a big
move with its $930 million purchase in 2013 of Climate Corporation, a weather
data-analysis company started by two Google alumni. American farmers are
embracing the technology, though warily at times.

Yet the most intriguing use of the technology may well be outside the United
States. By 2050, the global population is projected to reach nine billion, up
from 7.3 billion today. Large numbers of people entering the middle class,
especially in China and India, and adopting middle-class eating habits - like
consuming more meat, which requires more grain - only adds to the burden.

To close the food gap, worldwide farm productivity will have to increase from
1.5 tons of grain per acre to 2.5 tons by 2050, according to Mr. Donny. American
farm productivity is already above that level, at 2.75 tons of grain per acre.

"But you can't take the U.S. model and transport it to the world," Mr. Donny
said, noting that American farming is both highly capital-intensive and large
scale. The average farm size in the United States is 450 acres. In Africa, the
average is about two acres.

"The rest of the world has to get the productivity gains with data," he said.

The prospect of dirt-cheap sensors, Mr. Donny said, will help, but so will
increasingly sophisticated and inexpensive remote imaging from satellites. Heavy
machinery and big farms, he insists, will not be needed. Higher yields and less
waste, he said, can be achieved with better information on weather, soil
conditions and market demand for specific crops - all delivered via cellphone.

"They can skip buying the combine," he said, "and instead rely on systems like
Watson," referring to IBM's question-answering cloud service.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday

Local farmers try to find ways to cut costs as profits fall

BYLINE: Whit McGhee, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 641 words


Sep. 3--David Wright's dairy in Alexandria is one of the few lucky farms right
now.

As farm profits have fallen across the United States, Wright has been able to
dodge much of the turbulence by bypassing the stores and cooperatives and
selling his own dairy products directly to consumers. He's been able to spend
less on feed for his cows because his pastures are good for them to graze in.
But even with these insulators, he's not immune to the force of the recession.

"A year ago, we were selling about 25 percent more milk than we are today,"
Wright said.

Wright's drop in business is a reflection of what the United States Department
of Agriculture (USDA) predicts will be a national problem this year.

The USDA reported last Thursday that net farm income -- the measure of earnings
in the farming sector -- is expected to fall from a preliminary $87.2 billion
estimate in 2008 to $54 billion in 2009, which represents a 38 percent drop in
farm profits. This year's prediction is $9 billion less than the average $63.2
billion earned in each of the past 10 years.

"The whole economy is suffering, but agriculture is really in a predicament,"
said Max Runge, an agricultural economist at Auburn University. "Prices are
down, input costs are up, and the outlook is pretty tough."

Economists say the drop in farming revenue is attributable to several factors
mostly related to supply and demand. Walter Prevatt, an agricultural economist
at Auburn University, cited lower beef and cattle product demand as a notable
example of weakness in the farming sector.

"Whenever you move a level of unemployment up significantly, you're taking a lot
of people out of the market that would buy beef," Prevatt said. "Fewer people
buying means the price falls considerably.

"Additionally, it's not just the meat that we eat, but the leather that goes
into automobile seats. The reduction in cars being made means they need much
less leather," he said.

Runge said favorable weather in 2008 added to supply, as market demand began to
sputter.

"Last year was a good growing year in Alabama, so with that in mind, producers
were looking to plant a few more acres of some crops ... we ended up with more
production, which pushed prices down," said Runge.

Locally, farmers like Wright are doing what they can to keep their heads above
water.

"We had to reduce staff by one person, which is a pretty good bit considering
our size," said Wright. "When sales go down, you look for ways to cut back. You
have to let help go, you look for ways to cut energy consumption; you take old
tractors that need to be replaced and work on them instead of buying new ones."

Tim Donaldson, partner owner of Ohatchee Farm LLC, said the hog farm's profit
margins had dropped 10 to 15 percent from 2008.

"We may be forced to scale back production and the number of pigs we have," said
Donaldson. "We're trying to be more diligent with saving on energy costs. We
just have to wait it out and wait for prices to come back up."

Runge said it may be hard for farmers to find many more ways to cut costs.

"I think we've reached the point where we're doing as much as we can with what
we have. It's hard to become any more efficient and harder to save costs
anywhere," he said.

Until things turn around, Wright says he's thankful that his farm is able to get
by.

"We've been able to make it, but we're not selling as much. It makes duct tape
and hay baling wires your best friends," he said.

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090903-AO-Local-farmers-try-to-find-ways-to-cut-costs-as-profits-fall-0903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                                 Copyright 2009


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          November 29, 2003, Saturday

FARMING BRIEFS: BRAZIL SET TO GO TOPS IN BEEF LEAGUE

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 291 words


DATA released by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has revealed
that Brazil is set to surpass Australia as the world largest beef exporter.

According to the USDA, world beef exports in 2004 are forecast to increase eight
per cent on 2003 levels, to 6.9 million tonnes (carcase weight), while total
world beef production is predicted to increase slightly on last year, to 50
million tonnes (cw).

Although Australia has long been the world's largest exporter of beef, the rapid
growth in beef production in Brazil is set to see it usurp Australia's position.
The USDA has forecast Australian beef production in 2004 to fall slightly to
1.94 million tonnes (cw), ranking it seventh on the list of beef-producing
countries. In addition, the USDA is predicting Australia will slip to become the
second largest exporter, shipping around 1.3 million tonnes in 2004.

In contrast, Brazilian beef production is forecast to increase four per cent in
2004, to 7.86 million tonnes (cw), with exports rising 20 per cent, to reach
1.37 million tonnes, almost triple the volume of exports in 1999 (464,000 tonnes
cw). The steady increase in beef production over the past 10 years has fuelled
Brazil's growth in exports, with a weak currency helping to increase the price
competitiveness of Brazilian beef in world markets.

According to the USDA, US beef exports are forecast to increase one per cent, to
1.2 million tonnes (cw), in spite of a five per cent decline in production to
11.6 million tonnes (cw).

Canadian beef exports in 2004 are set recover by 45 per cent from this year's
BSE-related slump, up to 615,000 tonnes (cw), while New Zealand exports in 2004
are forecast to remain steady at 535,000 tonnes (cw).

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   October 26, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. told its farmers subsidized, protected

BYLINE: From Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 357 words


   The U.S. is being hypocritical by penalizing Canadian agricultural products
when its own farmers are subsidized and protected, Agriculture Minister Don
Mazankowski says.

Mazankowski, who was unusually harsh in his criticism of the U.S.
administration, suggested it is violating "the spirit, if not the letter" of the
free trade agreement in recent trade actions against Canada.

"If the United States is serious in its rhetoric about free trade in
agriculture, I hope it would begin by ceasing this trade harassment. If the
United States can't look themselves in the mirror and see for themselves they
aren't free from sin, then maybe it's time others do it for them."

Mazankowski, who is also deputy prime minister, referred to a long list of
agricultural trade disputes with the U.S. in his speech this week to the annual
meeting of the Canada Grains Council.

North Dakota grain growers and a state legislator recently complained that
Canadian farmers are flooding the U.S. market with subsidized durum wheat, used
to make noodles and pasta. Canadian durum exports have captured about 14 per
cent of the U.S. market.

Wheat farmers

But Mazankowski said studies show that U.S. wheat farmers receive about $40 to
$50 more in subsidies per tonne than their Canadian counterparts.

Mazankowski also expressed outrage over the recent U.S. imposition of a
countervailing duty on Canadian pork imports, which amount to 3 per cent of the
U.S. market.

Canada is fighting the ruling under the free trade agreement and at the
International General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

And the minister took aim at U.S. attempts to have Canadian restrictions on
imports of yogurt and ice cream overturned by GATT.

"The U.S. position on Canadian quotas on dairy products are wrong and patently
unfair. It really defies belief thay can complain about our quotas while their
whole market is closed to Canadian supply."

Mazankowski said Canada buys $4 billion worth of agricultural products from the
U.S. every year, and "I remind them it would be nice to be treated like a valued
customer rather than a predator."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 21, 1992, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BOGGED DOWN: RAIN EXPECTED TO SLOW PLANTING

BYLINE: William Flannery Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 527 words


The forecast for a week's worth of rain will likely slow Missouri and
Illinoisfarmers as they get into their spring planting season.  ''You're still
in prep stage at this point,'' said Paul Walsh, state statistician with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture office in Columbia, Mo.  ''You will be getting real
heavy into corn (planting) next week or so,'' Walsh said.  Mark Lindstedt, with
the Illinois Department of Agriculture in Springfield, agrees.  ''It has slowed
down,'' Lindstedt said. ''But field work has kept up in that part of the
state.'' Still, local corn farmers could get into trouble if the rains continue
for too long, said Richard G. Hoormann, with the University of Missouri
extension service in St. Charles County.  ''We're pretty wet out here in St.
Charles; s o it will be a couple of days before (farmers) can get into the
field,'' Hoormann said. ''We are later than last year, and last year was a late
year too.  ''But are we in danger? No, not yet. We will not be late with corn
planting until May 10.'' The latest USDA crop report for Missouri, released
Monday, shows that statewide, 73 percent of the farmland has been worked at
least once. That is slightly behind last year's rate for this time, but ahead of
the 65 percent figure that is normal.  Walsh said that over the past five years
Missouri farmers have averaged about 25 percent of the corn crop being planted
by the week of April 21, with about 90 percent in by the week of May 20. About
24 percent of the state's corn crop is now in, with farms in the southern part
of Missouri reporting 50 to 80 percent planted. Farmers in east-central Missouri
are running behind, with just 17 percent of the corn in.  In west-central
Illinois, corn planting is 40 percent completed, much ahead of the rest of the
state and the five-year average of 5 percent for this time of year.  ''Soybeans
(planting) is more in May,'' Walsh said, with about 20 percent of the bean crop
in the ground by mid-May and 75 percent in by the first of June.  ''Sorghum
tends to follow the same schedule as soybeans,'' Walsh said. ''As for cotton,
most of it is down in the Bootheel. That goes in in May.'' The winter wheat
harvest, however, could be hurt by too much rain, Walsh said.  ''It could be
like the last two years,'' Walsh said. ''When you get too much rain, you get a
lot of disease'' in the wheat.  Welsh said only 16 percent of the state's wheat
crop was rated as good, with 36 percent being very poor or poor.  Hoormann
agrees, saying cool, wet weather could do real harm to the wheat crop.  He said
late frosts in March and early April were particularly harmful to the state's
wheat.  He added that wheat was already hurt by a heavy winter kill last
November.  Until last week, Missouri farmers had more problems from lack of
rain, not too much. While statewide 65 percent of the topsoil moisture was rated
adequate, 22 percent was rated as short, with the southwestern part of Missouri
being rated 75 percent short.  Welsh said about 4.2 million acres of soybeans
will be planted this year, nearly 2.4 million acres of corn, 550,000 acres of
sorghum and 350,000 acres of cotton.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 15, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Crop Estimate For '80 Raised

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 11, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 145 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 14


The 1980 corn and soybean crops, shriveled by hot, dry weather, still turned out
to be slightly higher than Agriculture Department experts had previously
thought.

In its annual review of last year's farm production, the department today put
the corn harvest at 6,647,500 bushels after estimating it last month at
6,461,000. The new harvest estimate is still nearly 1.3 million bushels below
the record crop of 1979.

The soybean crop was put at 1,817,000 bushels, compared with last month's
estimate of 1,775,000 bushels, still 450,000 bushels below the 1979 crop.

The record wheat harvest was pushed upward to 2,369,600 bushels from the
December estimate of 2,362,000 bushels.  Despite the drought-reduced corn and
soybean crops, overall crop output last year was the second highest on record.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                         September 10, 2003, Wednesday

FARMING NEWSLINES:

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 190 words


o ACCORDING to a Canadian study, published in the American Journal of Clinical
Nutrition, people who avoid dairy products in their diet are more likely to be
overweight or obese.

o THANKS to strong demand from pig producers and allied industries, supplies of
the National Pig Association's How to buy British pork 'sold out' in three days.

o AUSTRALIAN dairy products company, Bonlac Foods, has said its shareholders
have approved a proposal for New Zealand dairy giant, Fonterra, to double its
stake in Bonlac to 50 per cent.

o IRISH Creamery Milk Suppliers' Association president, John Deegan, will travel
to Cancun this week to monitor the WTO talks on behalf of Irish cattle and sheep
farmers.

o NEARLY 40 per cent of farm veterinary surgeons are thinking about closing
their practices or working with pets, according to a survey by the Cattle
Veterinary Association.

o THE United States Department of Agriculture and US Department of Energy (DOE)
have announced the selection of 19 projects that will receive $ 23 million
(pounds 14.5 million) for biomass research, development and demonstration
projects.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            January 14, 1994, Friday

LEAN CORN CROP MAY SPELL TROUBLE FOR FARMERS' LIVESTOCK FEED SUPPLY

BYLINE: JERRI STROUD; St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS


Farmers could be scraping the bottoms of their bins to feed livestock by the
time this year's corn crop ripens, the latest estimates of last year's harvest
and grain stocks show.

"It's going to be like walking a tightrope" to balance demand with supplies,
said Allen Dever, chief economist with Doane Agricultural Services of St. ouis.

Missouri's corn and soybean crops were the smallest since a major drought in
1988, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said. Missouri's grain sorghum, cotton
and rice crops were sharply smaller as well.

Illinois farmers escaped the brunt of last summer's flooding and reaped the
nation's largest corn and soybean crops.

The Agriculture Department cut its estimate of last year's feed grain harvest
again Wednesday, when it issued final estimates of 1993 crops. The flood of 1993
washed out crops across much of the Midwest. Drought shriveled crops in the
Southeastern United States.

Because of the smaller crop, the department said supplies before the next
harvest will dwindle to 802 million bushels, less than half the 2.1 billion
bushels on hand at the end of last year's growing season.

Analysts said the estimate was the lowest since World War II.

Analysts said grain prices could rise to new highs for the season because
estimates were lower than expected. Higher prices are good news for farmers with
grain to sell. But they could slash profit margins for livestock farmers who
have to buy feed.

The department said farmers harvested 6.34 billion bushels of corn, about a
third less than in 1992 and about 2 percent less than the last estimate, issued
Nov. 1. The soybean crop of 1.81 billion bushels was about 17 percent less than
in 1992 and 1 percent below the Nov. 1 estimate.

A 36 percent drop in the grain sorghum crop adds to the extremely tight supply
of crops used to feed livestock, Mr. Dever said. The department's estimate of
568 million bushels was down 8 percent from the November forecast.

Corn supplies will be only 2 percent more than the nation used between December
and August last year, Mr. Dever noted.

"There's no buffer at all in terms of any demand surprises or crop problems," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 19, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Farmer's Life for Agriculture Commissioner

BYLINE: By HAROLD FABER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: LAKEVILLE, Conn., Aug. 17


John R. H. Blum, the new state Commissioner of Agriculture, is optimistic about
the future of farming in Connecticut -- despite the fact that his own farm only
occasionally makes a profit.

"Connecticut farming is expanding, not declining," he said.

A lawyer by training and a farmer by choice, Mr. Blum and his wife, Jeanne,
operate a 391-acre farm, called Fairfield Farms, here in the northwestern corner
of Connecticut, raising pure-bred Angus cattle.

"I used to say that I practiced law to feed the cows," he said, "and there's
some truth in that."

Since his appointment as Commissioner of Agriculture in February, he also
commutes 54 miles a day to his office in Hartford.

Nursery Sales Are No. 1

"The big surprise for me was to see how big and diversified agriculture is in
the state," he said.

According to statistics compiled by Mr. Blum's department, Connecticut has 4,000
farms, on about 400,000 acres, which produced crops that sold for a total of
$619 million in 1991. By far the biggest part of agriculture production in
Connecticut comes from greenhouses and nurseries selling trees, shrubs,
Christmas trees and flowers.

Last year, nursery sales totaled $180 million, about 30 percent of all farm
receipts in the state, about triple the 1982 figure of $62 million. Poultry and
egg sales were in second place at $83 million, followed by dairy products at $76
million and tobacco at $49 million.

Mr. Blum said he was optimistic about the future of agriculture here because of
the willingness of farmers to switch their fields from traditional products to
crops like broccoli and collard greens and to open farmers' markets. Other
farmers are moving into specialties like vineyards, cashmere sheep farms,
hydroponic farms, and aquaculture, specifically oyster beds on Long Island
Sound.

Circuitous Path to Farming

"Our future is in specialty crops," he said, "if we can arrange a system whereby
they can be marketed to large chain stores in sufficient quality and quantity to
be dependable."

But the 63-year-old Mr. Blum said there was a cloud on the long-term future of
his own Fairfield Farms -- and many others -- because so many members of the
next generation, including the Blums' seven children, are not interested in
farming.

His path to the farming world that he wants to save was a circuitous one: from a
boyhood in Brooklyn, Roslyn and Great Neck, Yale College class of 1951, Harvard
Law School class of 1956 and a law practice in New York City. He said his first
real experience with farms came in the 1960s when he and other lawyers worked
with David Rockefeller and his brothers in planning a cattle ranch in South
America.

His involvement with Angus cattle came after his marriage. His wife had
inherited a farm with beef animals in Virginia after her first husband died. But
they decided they could not operate a farm so far from New York City, he said,
so they moved it in 1977 to Lakeville.

A Family Enterprise

Today, with the help of a farm manager, they maintain a herd of 149 animals --
83 breeding Angus females, 3 bulls, 40 calves, and 23 Angus-Holstein cows used
for breeding.

As in most family farms, his wife, a former personnel manager for International
Business Machines, handles the book work and pitches in during emergencies like
the difficult delivery of a new calf. Mr. Blum manages the operation, setting
schedules for breeding, arranging sales and occasionally getting up on a tractor
during the busy haying season.

"This is a dream come true," he said, standing in front of a herd of black Angus
surrounded by the green hills of Litchfield County. "Wouldn't it be awful not to
be on the farm?"


NAME: John R. H. Blum

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "Wouldn't it be awful not to be on the farm?" asked John R. H.
Blum, the new Connecticut Commissioner of Agriculture, shown at his 391-acre
farm called Fairfield Farms, where he raises pure-bred Angus cattle. (Steve
Miller for The New York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

FG to Partner U.S. Investor On Agric - Minister

BYLINE: Abiodun Oluwarotimi

LENGTH: 200 words


The Federal Government of Nigeria has explained why the country should continue
to partner with investors from the United States in the area of agriculture.

In his keynote address at the on-going Nigerian Investors Forum on Agriculture
in Washington DC, USA, Nigeria's Minister for Agriculture, Akinwumi Adesina,
said that the country was committed to mechanised farming.

His words, " The government of Nigeria is committed to mechanised farming and
there is every need for the federal government to partner with American
investors to transform the sector"

The Minister who said that agriculture accounted for 40 per cent of Nigeria's
GDP, added that the sector was the country's leading employer, hence the need
for the government to prioritise agricultural development by infusing $3 billion
and creating Staple Crop Processing Zones.

He said that Nigeria was Africa's most populous nation with an estimated 10
million people in its rapidly growing middle class.Adesina noted that the
country was a major consumer of a range of agricultural products, seeking to
dramatically increase domestic production and processing of such products
through technology, capacity building and value-chain enhancement.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 14, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

A Sweet Success

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A20; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 340 words


The April 8 editorial "Sweetness" implied that the American consumer is hurt by
the U.S. sugar program. The opposite is true. Because of the sugar program, U.S.
consumers enjoy a retail price for sugar 25 percent below the developed-country
average and almost 10 percent below the world average.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture noted that the average retail price per pound
for refined sugar dropped 3 percent -- from 42.78 cents to 41.52 cents -- from
1990 to 1992. During the same period, the price index for sugar-containing
products rose 7 percent. Because 80 percent of sugar in the United States is
purchased by the food processors, bakers and candy manufacturers, the American
consumer has received little or no benefit from the decline in sugar prices, and
sugar farmers in the United States have taken a beating. Prices received by
sugar-beet farmers dropped 15 percent during the period, and prices received by
cane sugar farmers declined 8.5 percent.

The Post implied that the Caribbean countries are somehow hurt by the 1990 farm
bill's guarantee of at least 1.25 million tons of imports of sugar from our
traditional suppliers around the world. But Caribbean countries supported this
provision because they benefit from it.

The U.S. sugar program costs the federal government nothing. It generates
revenues for the U.S. Treasury of $ 25 million a year in marketing assessments
plus other millions of dollars in tariff collections and interest payments on
loans. According to Landell Mills Commodity Studies of London, the U.S.
sweetener industry contributes $ 18.5 billion to the U.S. economy each year and
generates 360,000 jobs.

Here is a program that provides consumers with a vital food product at a lower
price than is paid elsewhere in the world, brings revenue to the government,
helps some of our poorer neighbors and adds jobs and billions to the economy. It
is difficult to understand The Post's opposition. A. L. SANDBERG President and
Chief Executive Officer Delta Sugar Corp. Clarksburg, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 30, 2001, Monday, THREE STAR EDITION

FARMERS WILL PLANT MORE GENETICALLY ALTERED BEANS;
BUT ILLINOIS FARMERS SAY THEY'RE CUTTING BACK ON MODIFIED CORN

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: METRO, Pg. E2

LENGTH: 371 words

DATELINE: URBANA, ILL.ILLINOIS; FARM INDUSTRY; FARMING; BIOTECHNOLOGY
BIOENGINEERING; GENETICALLY MODIFIED CROPS


Despite the controversy about bioengineered foods, Illinois' soybean farmers
have told the government they will plant more than half of their acreage with
genetically modified seed this year while slightly cutting back on biotech corn.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is reporting that Illinois' farmers plan to
plant 59 percent of their soybean acres with modified crops, up from 44 percent
last year. The state's corn farmers will grow biotech varieties on 14 percent of
their acres, compared with 17 percent last season, the USDA said.

"We eat the products we produce," said Phil Corzine, who farms near Decatur. "We
believe they're safe."

Biotech soybeans contain a petunia gene that enables the plants to withstand a
potent herbicide. Nationwide, 63 percent of soybeans planted will be genetically
modified - up from 54 percent last year.

Genetically modified corn contains either a gene from bacteria that makes crops
poisonous to caterpillar pests, a different gene that enables the plant to
withstand herbicides, or both genes. Biotech corn is less popular in Illinois
than other states in part because the pests it fights are less prevalent here.

European consumers have largely rejected biotech foods and anti-biotech groups
in the United States have become more active in recent years.

The industry also suffered a public relations fiasco last year when StarLink, a
variety of genetically engineered corn not approved for human consumption, wound
up in corn taco shells and other foods.

However, experts said other varieties of genetically modified corn and soybeans
have won government approval for human consumption in the United States, Europe
and Japan. And the opposition to modified soybeans has waned, they said.

"There is a market for the stuff and it has technological advantages," said
Gerald C. Nelson, a University of Illinois researcher who recently edited a book
on the science and politics surrounding genetically modified agriculture.

One timely example of that advantage is the cost of tending the modified
soybeans. Nelson said the biotech beans require farmers to make fewer trips
through the field, which can save growers' money at a time when fuel prices are
high.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: MetroWatch

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 30, 1983 Thursday

U.S. acreage   in corn, wheat   posts decline

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 172 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - Corn planted for all purposes in the United States is
 estimated at 60.1 million acres, 2 per cent more than the acreage farmers
 said they intended to plant in April, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 says.

The number of corn acres, however, is 27 per cent smaller than the area
 planted last year.

Wheat acreage seeded is estimated at 76.6 million acres, down 12 per
 cent from last year. Winter wheat acreage for harvests was placed at 47.7
 million acres, down 18 per cent.

Cotton acreage planted is estimated at 8.3 million acres, 27 per cent
 below last year and 42 per cent less than in 1981.

Soybean area planted is estimated at 63.3 million acres, down 12 per
 cent from a year earlier and 7 per cent less than in 1981.

The feed grain acreage planted, which includes corn, sorghum, oats and
 barley, totalled 103 million acres, down 16 per cent.

Durum wheat acreage was placed at 2.55 million acres, 41 per cent less
 than last year. Other spring wheat, at 11.6 million acres, is 30 per cent
 less than the 1982 acreage.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                                  June 23 2011

Bihar set for Rainbow Revolution: CM

BYLINE: Alok K N Mishra

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 608 words


PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday inaugurated the first-ever
three-day international conference on 'Organic Bihar' here on Wednesday.

"Bihar is standing at the threshold of Rainbow Revolution which is more holistic
than the ill-fated Green Revolution. Bihar's road map for this revolution will
well take care of future needs of environment and human life and also resulting
in prosperity for farmers," Nitish said.

Rainbow Revolution refers to a sustainable agricultural revolution where equal
focus is given on minimizing cost of production and increasing produce,
environmental impact, and impact of fertilizers on consumers and soil health.

The conference, being attended by agriculture scientists from United States, New
Zealand, Zimbabwe, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Switzerland, saw a lively discussion on
various aspects of organic farming in Bihar. The conference is also being
attended by 100 and odd farmers.

Referring to the experience of Green Revolution, he said "the states (leading
the revolution) exhausted soil fertility. Their soil has got deficient of micro
nutrients. Farmers are in the throes of a deep crisis as productivity has gone
down heavily due to indiscriminate use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides,"
the CM said.

He emphatically said, "Through scientific organic farming, we will change the
prevalent notion that food security cannot be achieved without chemical
fertilizers." On the occasion, he also launched an online portal,
www.jaibbihar.com, to offer a platform to promote organic produce of Bihar.

The state government will formulate policies on the basis of recommendations
made by the delegates at the conference.

To provide a stimulus to Bihar peasants, the government is providing 50% and 75%
subsidy to set-up different types of biogas plants, 50% subsidy on bio
pesticides and 90% on organic fertilizers.

"Large-scale cultivation of certified organic potatoes in Nalanda has gained
international recognition. Organic certification of Muzaffarpur litchis is at an
advanced state and the government now plans to bring aromatic rice under organic
certification," the CM, who has earlier served as Union agriculture minister,
said.

During the conference, chairman of Gujarat Life Sciences Dr M H Mehta elaborated
on food security vis-?-vis organic farming. The session, chaired by Director
General of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) Dr S Ayyappan and
co-chaired by agriculture expert Dr A K Singh, also saw Dr. A Thimmaiah, an
adviser to the ministry of agriculture and forests, Government of Bhutan,
sharing at length Bhutan's experiences in organic farming. Other speakers also
participated in the first session.

In the second technical session, US' professor of environmental studies Carol
Shennam talked at length about soil fertility management in organic farming
system. Organic farming expert from Zimbabwe, Tavagwisa Muziri explained
nutrient recycling in organic farming. Some other experts talked about pest
management for better yield in organic farming.

In the last session too, recommendations and suggestions for adopting holistic
organic farming methods to make farmers earn more with less investment, make
organic farming sustainable, and to provide a platform to promote organic
farming were made.

Bihar agriculture minister Narendra Singh expressed confidence that Bihar will
lead the next Green Revolution in the country. "Organic fertilizer has been
distributed free among more than 3.30 lakh seed growing farmers in 2010-11," the
minister said, adding "other farmers will be provided 90% subsidy on the
purchase of organic fertilizer."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 2, 1988 Tuesday

Free-trade accord will cost Ontario food sector $95 million,   provincial study
says

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 491 words


BY  OLIVER BERTIN
 The Globe and Mail
  The free-trade agreement with the United States will cost Ontario's
agriculture and food sector about $95-million a year, according to a study
by the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture and Food.

Yet there will be few benefits for Ontario consumers, farmers or food
processors, the study says.

Ontario, with sales of $5.5-billion and net income of $1.4-billion in
1986, is the most important agricultural province in Canada.

Robert Seguin, director of the ministry's economics branch, said
consumers will gain little, if anything, from the free-trade agreement.

At first glance, consumers should welcome the expected drop in the
price of food and beverages that free trade will bring. But Mr. Seguin
said the size of these benefits will be relatively small. "This reflects
the view of the Consumers Association of Canada, (which) maintains that
the federal Government has over-estimated the benefits of the agreement
for consumers," he said.

He said the only commodity groups likely to benefit from free trade
will be beef and pork, which will gain a more secure position in the
United States market, worth an estimated $18-million a year.

However, he warned that the benefits to the meat industry and to
consumers will be outweighed by losses in other agricultural sectors.

The elimination of import tariffs is expected to trigger a decline in
farm prices and incomes, and this could cause farmland prices to fall, he
said, with the impact largest in the Niagara Peninsula.

He said fruit and vegetable growers will be hardest hit by the
elimination of tariffs and will lose about $50-million a year, while grape
growers will lose about $15-million a year, half the value of their crops.
There also will be heavy losses in other commodity sectors, he added,
estimating that grain and oilseed producers will lose $30-million annually
and dairy, poultry and egg producers about $18-million.

The provincial study suggests that the largest impact will be felt at
the farm level. But Mr. Seguin said food processors could be caught in a
cost-price squeeze, competing with lower cost imports, while raw materials
may not fall enough to allow them to match prices without losses.

This could adversely affect the long-term climate for investment in the
industry, he said.

Mr. Seguin said there were still many questions regarding
implementation of the free-trade agreement. Additional information is
needed from the federal Government about certain provisions in the pact,
particularly mechanics of a snap-back provision proposed to smooth the
transition for fruit and vegetable growers; the future of Canada's long-
standing, two-price wheat policy by which the domestic price of wheat is
higher than the export price; and the process by which poultry marketing
boards will be protected from cheaper imports.

There is also an urgent need for Ottawa to defray the damage that
farmers will suffer when the free-trade agreement comes into effect, Mr.
Seguin said.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        DeWitt Era-Enterprise (Arkansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 13, 2010

Rice may need replanting

BYLINE: Mary Hightower

LENGTH: 289  words


Arkansas corn and rice growers were walking fields with advisers and insurance
adjusters last week to decide whether their storm-damaged crops will rebound,
orif they will need to be replanted, say

agronomists with the University of Arkansas Division of Agriculture.

The storms of April 30 and May 1 spawned tornadoes, damaging hail and abundant
rain.

Up to 12 inches of new rainfall on already saturated ground put thousands of
acres of farmland underwaterin northeasternArkan-sas. Chuck Wilson, extension
rice agronomist with the UA Division of Agriculture, estimated last week that
between 10,000 and 50,000 rice acres were flooded.

Jason Kelley, extension agronomist-wheat and feed grains, found hail damage as
he toured cornfields in Lonoke County.

"Some fields sustained considerable hail damage," Kelley said. "Fields that were
further along and more developed were more likely to sustain damage and are more
likely to require replanting."

Fields where the seedlings' growing point hadn't reached the soil surface "are
less prone to injury and have a better chance of coming back," he said.

"Some of these fields will have to be replanted, but there are all different
combinations, and making that decision to replant or leave it won't be easy,"
Kelley said Thursday. "Corn growers who haven't applied the herbicide atrazine
could go back and plant soybeans, but some are locked into corn. Some of them
have a good enough stand they can leave it alone."

Kelley saidhe expected most of the farmers he had visited to make a decision by
Friday.

Hail alsoclipped some rice fields in Lonoke County, but Wilson said the plants
were young enough to recover.

Last week, Gov. Mike Beebe declared 10 counties state disaster areas due to
storm damage.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 DeWitt Era-Enterprise


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 8, 2010

New farming challenges

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 736  words


U.S. farmers are under pressure to produce more, pollute less, fulfill consumer
preferences and make a living -- all with increasingly scarce natural resources
and the uncertain effects of climate change, according to a new report from the
National Research Council.

To help U.S. agriculture evolve to meet these demands, the report concludes,
national agricultural policies and research programs should look beyond low
costs and high production and adopt a holistic perspective to farming that
encompasses multiple end goals.

"Although farming productivity has increased, farmers are being asked to do more
than produce more food for a growing world population," Julia Kornegay, chair of
the committee who wrote the report, said. "Many modern agricultural practices
have unintended negative consequences, such as decreased water and air quality,
and farmers have to consider these consequences while trying to increase
production. If farmers are going to meet future demands, the U.S. agriculture
system has to evolve to become sustainable and think broadly -- past the bottom
line of producing the most possible."

Kornegay is me head of the department of horticultural science at North Carolina
State University, Raleigh.

In 2008, farm output was 158 percent higher than it was in 1948. Farmers today
are producing more food with less energy per unit output than 50 years ago.

However, US. agriculture has external costs that are mostly unaccounted for in
productivity measurements, the report said.

The agricultural sector also is the largest contributor of two greenhouse gases,
nitrous oxide and methane, in the United States.

Additionally, the committee found farmers face other challenges, such as
consumer concerns about the treatment of farm animals and food safety. More than
half of U.S. farm operators work off the farm to supplement their income and to
obtain health care and retirement benefit plans.

To help achieve a sustainable agriculture system that looks beyond the end goal
of providing more goods, the committee identified four goals that should be
considered simultaneously:

* Satisfy human food, fiber, and feed requirements and contribute to biofuels
needs,

* Enhance environmental quality and the resource base,

* Maintain the economic viability of agriculture and

* Improve the quality of life for farmers, farm workers and society as a whole.

The committee emphasized achieving a balance of the four goals and creating
systems that can adapt to fluctuating conditions are hallmarks of greater
sustainability.

Achieving the goals will require long-term research, education, outreach and
experimentation by the public and private sectors in partnership with farmers.

Moreover, two parallel and overlapping approaches -- one incremental and one
transformative -- could help meet these goals, the committee proposed.

The incremental approach would expand ongoing endeavors to create farming
practices to improve sustainability, regardless of size or type of farming
system. The transformative approach would bring together multiple disciplines of
research to identify and design a vision for a balanced agricultural system.

Although the report lays out a framework toward attaining sustainable farming
systems, the report stresses farmers decisions to employ new practices are
influenced by external forces, such as science, markets, public policies, land
tenure arrangements and their own values, knowledge, skills and resources.

The committee said efforts to promote widespread adoption of different farming
practices and systems would require knowing how individual, household, farm and
regional characteristics affect farmers response to incentives and
disincentives.

The report was sponsored by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the W.K.
Kellogg Foundation. The National Academy of Sciences, National Academy of
Engineering, Institute of Medicine and National Research Council make up the
National Academies.

They are independent, nonprofit institutions that provide science, technology
and health policy advice under an 1863 congressional charter.

Committee members who serve pro bono as volunteers are chosen by the Academies
for each study based on their expertise and experience and must satisfy the
Academies conflict-of-interest standards.

The resulting consensus reports undergo external peer review before completion.
For more information, visit nation-al-academies.org/studycom-mitteprocess.pdf.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 The Othello Outlook


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Kenly News (North Carolina)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Farming Weaver brothers feted for Johnston agricultural help

BYLINE: Kenly News staff

LENGTH: 309  words


The local families of two farming brothers were recognized last week for their
contributions to agriculture in Johnston County.

The Johnny Weaver family and the Ray Weaver family were honored at the annual
Farm-City Week banquet in Smith field.

Their grandfather, Jasper Bud Weaver began farming a 35-acre farm in the 1920s
that was taken over by his son Raymond and wife Alice in the 1950s. On this
farm, the Weaver's 10 children grew up helping their parents, including brothers
Ray and Johnny, who now reside in the Kenly area.

Although the brothers found full-time jobs off the farm following graduation,
they returned in 1973 to finish the year's crop when their father died.

In 1978 Ray decided to begin farming full-time and began tending land owned by
D. H. Bagley, in addition to the family farm.

Although Johnny continued working seurity at North Hills in Raleigh, his passion
for farming remained and he purcahsed a farm in the 1970s.

Today, Johnny tends, beans, cotton and wheat on approximately 120 acres.

Ray tends about 2,000 acres consisting of tobacco, soybeans, cotton, wheat and
corn.

The brothers have passed their love of farming onto their children. Johnny's son
John and Ray's daughter Susan both work alongside their parents.

Johnny has been certified as a NG Certified Beef Producer while Ray has
completed requirements through the NC Certified Safe Farm Program and received
awards from Philip Morris USA for excellence in tobacco production.

The brothers are active in their church, Holly Springs Free Will Baptist, and
are supporters of the Johnston County Youth Livestock Program.

The Johnston-County Farm City Week Committee hosts a banquet each year to
celebrate agriculture and agribusiness in Johnston.

Agriculture and agribusiness account for about 15 percent of the county's
economy and about 17 percent of the county's employment.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2013 Kenly News


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          July 7, 1993, Wednesday, AM

Ottawa seeks talks with U.S. to solve sugar trade dispute

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 349 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTETOWN


   CHARLOTTETOWN (CP) - Federal Agriculture Minister Charlie Mayer hopes to talk
this week to his United States counterpart in an attempt to cool a simmering
dispute over Canadian sugar.

Last week, U.S. President Bill Clinton was asked to sign a measure that would
effectively end Canadian exports of refined beet sugar and two sugar-related
products.

Mayer, who opened two days of meetings with provincial and territorial
agriculture ministers, said yesterday he hopes to talk to U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Mike Espy.

"We're going to try to have a conversation with him in the next couple of days
to see what their position is," Mayer said outside the meeting room.

He wouldn't say what Ottawa might do if Washington follows through on its
threat.

"I'd rather not speculate on what we might do if they might do something," he
said. "It's really hypothetical."

Sugar was on the minds of at least two other ministers as they entered the
closed hearings, which centred on competitiveness, trade and safety nets for
farmers.

Glen Findlay of Manitoba and Walter Paszkowski of Alberta said they're worried
U.S. action against Canada would decimate sugar beet growers in both provinces.

Findlay called the American threats "sabre-rattling.

"We are their largest trading partner and they are our largest trading partner,"
he said. "Clearly it's not productive for either government or either country to
be entering into trade actions of that nature or trade retaliations."

Paszkowski, who was sworn in as minister less than a week ago, said a solution
to the problem won't be easy.

"We sort of anticipated this one when the American election was completed," he
said. The Americans "are sort of focused on protectionism as a general approach.

"I think we have to explore our alternatives and we'll be looking at that here,
hopefully."

Besides sugar, American restrictions would apply to two products high in sugar
content: powdered drink mixes and gelatin.

Industry officials say sanctions would cost the Canadian sugar industry $90
million a year in sales.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            August 3, 2000, Thursday

Backing builds for no-till

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 28

LENGTH: 276 words


Environment Canterbury's senior resource care officer, David Hewson, says a lot
of farmers tried no-till methods in the 1970s and 80s, but were put off because
a number of technical things went wrong.

"All these technical things have been sorted out now. I wouldn't say it's got
wide acceptance yet, but a lot of people are interested. It's something people
get really passionate about when they get into it."

He says the benefits come in improved soil structure, and time and cost savings.

The technique reduces wind erosion, wildlife in the soil is left intact, and
organic matter builds up quickly. "The benefits will be seen particularly in
erosion-prone areas. Less water is required, which can mean less irrigation will
be needed. We're not saying it's the only way, but just one of the
good-management techniques available to farmers."

David Hewson says research needs to focus on reducing chemicals in no- till
farming, "because everything else about it is right".

New Zealand has about 3.5 per cent of its cropped area under no-till. In Brazil
the technique is used on 25 per cent of the cropped land, while the United
States Department of Agriculture is aiming for 50 per cent of crop land under
no-till by 2002.

Under cultivation, soils lose large amounts of carbon to the air through
oxidation, but under the no-till method there is little carbon loss. This has
implications for greenhouse gas release and global warming.

In Canada, where a carbon credit system has been introduced, net emitters of
carbon are buying carbon credits from no-till maize farmers in the United States
for between $ C30 and $ C50 an acre.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             August 6, 2010 Friday

National Guard's new mission looks at agriculture

BYLINE: By MEG JONES Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 919 words


MILWAUKEE It might sound odd to send veterinarians, agronomists and horticulture
experts to war, but if the goal is to turn swords into ploughshares, a newly
formed Wisconsin National Guard unit will help farmers in Afghanistan improve
the health of their livestock and boost crop yields.

Although it may sound easy to export Wisconsin know-how to a poor, war-torn
country like Afghanistan, where 80 percent its citizens work in agriculture,
it's not a simple matter. There are language barriers, dangers and cultural
differences. And much of the technology and improved farming practices that are
common in the United States are unknown in Afghanistan.

At one time Afghanistan's agrarian economy flourished much of the country's
raisin crop was exported to Europe and the United States, along with other
produce but decades of war and occupation by the Russians and Taliban have
turned it into one of the poorest in the world.

Six years after the U.S. military arrived in Afghanistan, the first National
Guard agribusiness development team - from Missouri - was sent to help Afghan
farmers. Now it's Wisconsin's turn to assemble a team of agriculture experts
from its National Guard ranks.

"The whole idea is to have local contractors develop and do the projects; we're
there in a support role to provide the expertise and management," said Col.
Darrel Feucht, who will command the 58-member team of Wisconsin Army and Air
National Guard members.

Soldiers and airmen will be chosen for the Wisconsin National Guard agribusiness
development team within a couple months, undergo training and then deploy to
Afghanistan 18 to 30 months from now. Feucht is in the process of identifying
guardsmen who have agricultural expertise in their civilian lives. Among those
already serving in the guard are large-animal veterinarians, civil engineers, an
agronomist and horticulturists.

All of the previous agribusiness development teams employed what the military
calls "reach-back" resources, meaning the National Guard units relied on
agriculture experts back in their home states during deployments to Afghanistan.
That's why the Wisconsin National Guard is seeking help from universities and
farming organizations to work as partners.

As part of the unit's training, Feucht, who earned an agriculture degree from
the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1985, hopes to enlist the help of UW's
College of Agricultural and Life Sciences for a one-week course on farming
practices in the U.S. from a century ago.

Feucht has been in touch with commanders of National Guard agribusiness
development units from other states who have already served in Afghanistan.

"A couple things I learned everything you know about modern American agriculture
, you might as well put on hold. You need to focus on rural American early 1900s
farming, very primitive farming skills. ... They don't have a lot of people to
teach the simple skills that we would know from our parents and grandparents,"
said Feucht, who belongs to a Master Gardeners association.

The first agribusiness teams began arriving in 2007 and have included National
Guard units from nine states, including California, Indiana, Texas and Kansas.
The inspiration came from similar Guard teams that worked in Central America
during the 1980s.

Afghanistan's agriculture industry includes wheat, apples, pomegranates, grapes,
apricots, almonds, chickpeas, peppers, tomatoes and cauliflower. Little corn or
soybeans are grown, and the dairy industry is small primarily because there's no
infrastructure to keep milk from spoiling.

Since the teams began working with farmers in a dozen provinces, mostly in
northern and eastern Afghanistan, a number of projects have borne fruit, so to
speak.

Among them:

Training Afghans in the art of beekeeping, including when and how to move the
insects critical to pollination around orchards and fields.

Advising grape farmers how to use trellises and trickle irrigation to improve
yields.

Showing how to build humane, sanitary livestock slaughterhouses powered by wind
and solar energy.

Teaching Afghans how to build root cellars to keep produce cool.

Showing how to build wind turbines to pump water from the ground for irrigation.

Educating livestock owners about proper nutrition, inoculations, artificial
insemination and deworming to improve the health of farm animals.

"When the Russians left, they denuded the land of every dang tree they could,"
said Col. Marty Leppert, a Waunakee native who is the assistant to the director
of the Army National Guard's Afghan agribusiness development program.

"That forced Afghans off their land and into the cities, where the Russians
could conceivably control them better. We're trying to achieve just the opposite
- to keep farmers on their land and improve their lifestyle," said Leppert, a
1982 UW meat and animal science graduate.

Molly Jahn, dean of UW's College of Agricultural and Life Sciences, is eager for
her college to participate in training of the National Guard team in
"reach-back" efforts. Jahn noted that the university has experts who study
sustainable development strategies as well as specialists in food-related health
issues.

"Any effort like this needs to occur with great respect for the context, and
that's the country of Afghanistan and the Afghan people who have suffered so
much in the last decades," said Jahn. "We can't simply export what has worked
here. We are partnering with a nation to build its future."


Information from: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, http://www.jsonline.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Meat-eaters versus carnivores: Is your diet killing wolves?;
Most most large land carnivore populations are in decline. A report from Oregon
State University suggests that livestock production is partly to blame.

BYLINE: Fabien Tepper Staff writer

SECTION: Science

LENGTH: 813 words


The world's fanged animals are rapidly losing ground to humans, reports a study
in the journal Science, thanks in part to the spread of livestock farming.

Of the 31 largest species of land carnivore (including the Giant panda, a rare
herbivore in the Carnivora order), 23 are in population decline, the authors
report. One, the red wolf, is critically endangered, and eight more are
considered likely to go extinct throughout all or most of their natural range.

"Globally, we are losing our large carnivores," says William Ripple, an Oregon
State University ecologist who was the paper's lead author.

Human infringements on these animals are numerous - including the fur industry
and many forms of traditional medicine - but the report gives a special nod to
"human carnivory." To support a global rise in per-capita meat-eating, livestock
farming continues to expand, shrinking and fragmenting natural habitats in the
process. And when cramped predators adapt by preying upon livestock, some
ranchers go to extreme measures to keep them away, such as strapping pouches of
neurotoxins to the necks of grazing lambs, or calling upon the United States
Department of Agriculture to shoot down predators from government helicopters.

"Global livestock production continues to encroach on land needed by large
carnivores, particularly in the developing world, where livestock production
tripled between 1980 and 2002," reports the study.

But if our very food production brings us to blows with other meat-eaters,
surely we need the land at least as much as they do. Why should we privilege
wolf and puma habitat over farmland?

"Human tolerance of these species is a major issue for conservation," says Mr.
Ripple. "We say these animals have an intrinsic right to exist, but they are
also providing economic and ecological services that people value."

According to these scientists, there is every reason to protect carnivores - and
not only the species, but the individuals themselves. For one thing, animals'
intrinsic value may dwell in individuals' capacities for pain, pleasure,
learning, and social relationships, all qualities which these megafauna have in
spades.

"Because we're aware and self-aware, we have a well-being that can be helped and
harmed by our actions," explains Bill Lynn, a research scientist at Clark
University's George T. Marsh Institute, who is an expert on ethics and predator
management.  "With respect to carnivores, they too are aware and self-aware.
They, too, have a well-being that can be helped or harmed by our actions."

"Thus," adds Mr. Lynn, "how human beings relate to wildlife and the environment,
are of direct moral concern."

Many large carnivores are also considered to be keystone predators, who play
crucial roles within their ecosystems - roles that are shaped by the size,
metabolic demands, sociality, and hunting tactics, of each individuals.

"Each one of them becomes more important because there's fewer of them,"
explains Ripple.

The gray wolf, for example, whose fate has become the subject of ongoing policy
debates after its extirpation from much of Western Europe, the US, and Mexico,
is the top US predator of deer, after humans. In North America's now-wolfless
areas, deer populations are nearly six times higher than elsewhere, which has
led to drastic changes in plant communities, as well as increases in automobile
collisions. And sea otters have been shown to keep North American kelp
populations healthy and well distributed, by limiting the growth of sea urchin
colonies.

Both of these ecological functions - protecting woodland foliage and aquatic
kelp - are vital for keeping the earth's carbon sequestered safely in plant
tissues (and out of the atmosphere), notes the study, suggesting that
charismatic carnivores actually play a vital role in keeping global warming at
bay.

In view of this and other important "ecosystem services," the authors have
called for the creation of a Global Large Carnivore Initiative modeled after an
existing European initiative which aims "to maintain and restore, in coexistence
with people, viable populations of large carnivores as an integral part of
ecosystems and landscapes."

Such a body could establish carnivore reserves, suggests Ripple, and improve the
enforcement of international wildlife laws.

"Ideally, discussions regarding potential decreases in both human fertility
rates and per-capita meat consumption would be part of a long-term strategy for
overcoming these concurrent challenges," suggests the report. "It will probably
take a change in both human attitudes and actions to avoid imminent
large-carnivore extinctions."

"These are some of the world's most revered and iconic species. Ironically, they
are also some of the most threatened," says Ripple. "I think in the end, to
preserve these large carnivore species, it comes down to humans having tolerance
to live with them."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 7, 2012

U.S. soybean farmer success linked to animal agriculture

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 481  words


Challenges facing U.S. poultry, livestock and fish farmers threaten the future
profitability of the country's soybean farmers, according to a new report that
also analyzes the economic impact of animal agriculture.

The report, prepared for the United Soybean Board (USB) and soy checkoff,
concludes that the future success of the U.S. soy industry is closely tied to
the long-term competitiveness of its No. 1 customer, animal agriculture. Rising
feed prices and costs related to environmental and animal welfare regulations
are just two factors that could significantly impact the practices involved with
raising poultry, livestock and fish, the report says.

"U.S. soybean farmers should care about animal ag because it's their number one
domestic customer," said Lewis Bainbridge, chair of USB's Domestic Marketing
program and a soybean farmer from Ethan, S.D. "We need to be sensitive to the
issues facing poultry and livestock farmers and make sure that we are providing
high-quality soy meal."

The study, which can be viewed in its entiretyat http://echo3.bluehornet.com,
looks at the production of broilers, eggs, turkeys, hogs, beef cattle, dairy and
aquaculture between 2001 and 2011. It details the use of U.S. soy meal in each
sector and the value that sector represents to U.S. soybean farmers.

The study also outlines the economic benefits poultry, livestock, and
aquaculture provide at the state and national levels. Nationally, in 2011, these
benefits included:

Support for 1.7 million jobs

$333 billion in total economic output

A $58 billion impact on household incomes

$18 billion in income and property taxes paid

For U.S. soybean farmers, U.S. animal ag remains their most important customer.
Overall, poultry, livestock and fish farmers in 2011 used almost 30 million tons
of soy meal, or the meal from 1.27 billion bushels of U.S. soybeans. The meal
consumption per species broke down as follows:

Broiler chickens: the meal from about 480 million bushels of U.S. soybeans

Hogs: the meal from more than 360 million bushels

Dairy cattle: the meal from approximately 101 million bushels

Laying hens: the meal from 93 million bushels

Turkeys: the meal from more than 80 million bushels

Beef cattle: the meal from more than 80 million bushels

The 69 farmer-directors of USB oversee the investments of the soy checkoff to
maximize profit opportunities for all U.S. soybean farmers. These volunteers
invest and leverage checkoff funds to increase the value of U.S. soy meal and
oil, to ensure U.S. soybean farmers and their customers have the freedom and
infrastructure to operate, and to meet the needs of U.S. soy's customers. As
stipulated in the federal Soybean Promotion, Research and Consumer Information
Act, the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service has oversight responsibilities for
USB and the soy checkoff.

For more information on the United Soybean Board, visit www.unitedsoybean.org

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 West Lyon Herald


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: US to help small farmers projects in Pakistan: US Envoy

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, May 9 -- The United States is committed to helping the

small farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural

productivity and increase farmers income in the country.

This was stated by US Ambassador to Pakistan, Richard Olson while

addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers and farmers

during his visit to National Agriculture Research Center (NARC) here on

Wednesday.

He said that his country will continue its support for improving crop

yields, protecting food sources from disease, boosting milk production to

increase farmers'incomes,improve nutrition to strengthen Pakistan's

prosperity of its people.

The Ambassador lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity

Enhancement Project (WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)

programme.

The programmee is managed in collaboration with national and provincial

research partners that has successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat

variety, "NARC 2011."

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG

99,a virulent wheat disease in the region that poses an threat to Pakistan's

farming community, he added.

Olson said that wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily

caloric intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this

disease are critical.

The Ambassador said tahat Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project team

and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have

made great progress in the fight against wheat rust, and I encourage you to

continue your work together.

In addition, he said that to support for the Wheat Productivity

Enhancement Project, the United States has provided new harvesting machines

and funded improvements to research stations around Pakistan to develop more

disease-resistant wheat varieties.

He further said that United States also provides specialized training

opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists.

Ambassadar Olson reaffirmed the Untied States government's long-term

support to farming communities which has been working to support agriculture

in Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's

wheat production.

Speaking on the occasion Chairman PARC,Dr.Iftikhar Ahmed said that

WPEP has supported to improve the productivity of wheat and in addition also

help to prevent the crop from diseases.

The project had supported to develop the capacity building of the

scientists for producing better crops in the country,he added.

Additional Secretary, Ministry of National Food Security and Research

(MoNFSR), Basist Ali said that the ministry had formulated National Food

Security policy and besides, the national food council was also established
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 16, 2001 Friday

The end of farming?;
We can't continue to pay Canadian farmers to stay;
in business, says agricultural specialist DAVID ROBERTS

BYLINE: DAVID ROBERTS

SECTION: COMMENT; GLOBE ANALYSIS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 1136 words


There are too many farmers in Canada still clinging to the antiquated notion -
the sad historical hangover of postwar federal farm policy - that a nation must
protect its domestic food supply, and it should support farming at all costs.

The situation many of our 250,000 farmers and their $30-billion industry face
today is that their work is simply no longer sustainable in its present form:
The "at all costs" notion is bad for the national treasury, it's worse for
farmers.

It may now be time Canadian taxpayers began paying farmers to quit farming. The
challenges on the farm today are excruciatingly complex, but this much is clear:
Food is more abundant and cheaper than ever, technology has given way to
unprecedented efficiencies of scale, and many farmers are still losing their
shirts. We need a new plan.

Last week Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief announced the latest
$500-million bailout for farmers. A year ago it was $1.5-billion in emergency
aid. Farmers protested across the nation this week complaining that this was not
enough. They want Canadian taxpayers to continue to subsidize their rising input
costs. But even if farmers got the $1-billion to $5-billion they are demanding,
what will they do for an encore next year when the economics of farming is just
as bad as today, if not worse?

It's true we must consider that farming is not just an economic activity, it is
a lifestyle, and a social institution. All Canadians are beneficiaries. When
Montrealers take a summer drive through the picturesque Quebec countryside, do
they not enjoy a public good? When Winnipeggers drive through the rich wheat
belt of the Souris Valley, admiring the flaxen sea that stretches for miles, is
this not a public good? So, here's the rub: Why should farmers provide this
public good at their own private expense?

They should be supported not by a short-term fix, which is really not a fix at
all, but they should be paid instead as keepers of the land. The bottom line is
that it is time for some farmers to be compensated for doing something other
than farming.

They might, then, be inclined to take marginal land out of production. On the
prairies this is especially cogent since too much land there should never have
seen a plow in the first place. Farmers should have an opportunity to turn this
land back to nature, to non-food uses, to permanent pasture, to animal habitat:
marshes, wildlife preserves, a place where the buffalo might once again roam.
This way farmers would be paid to become stewards of this great legacy, the
land, for the rest of us. In the United States, the Conservation Reserve Program
does just this. It is, in essence, a landscaping subsidy. You city-slickers want
a nice-looking countryside? Okay, you help pay for it.

This paradigm shift, resisted by many farmers, is nevertheless more sustainable
and economically honest than a bailout.

A side note: There is discord - a "disconnect" if you will - between rural and
urban Canada. But both sides, perhaps especially farmers, must adjust to the new
reality that underpins the worth of their toil on the land.

Today's farm woes are precipitated by a sharp cyclical downturn in commodity
prices, rising input costs, and, believe it or not, overproduction. It is ironic
that the current farming "crisis" in Canada is in large measure caused by a vast
surplus - not a poor harvest. Historically, a farm crisis has been precipitated
by blighted crops, low yields, a shrinking food supply, and higher prices
leading to hunger and even starvation in some parts of the world.

It is true that fuel and fertilizer costs have risen 50 per cent or more in the
last 12 months, and some farmers, particularly Western Canadian grain farmers,
are too cash-poor to plant a crop this spring. But farming is an inherently
high-risk enterprise. And Canadian farmers are not alone in feeling the downturn
in commodity prices.

Farmers in the American Midwest have taken their protests to the Canadian
border, complaining, unfairly, that the Canadian Wheat Board was dumping cheap
grain into the United States. Mexican apple growers have seen their livelihoods
threatened by imported U.S. apples, which flow freely south under the NAFTA
agreement. European farmers are reeling from the effects of mad-cow and
foot-and-mouth disease, notwithstanding their own structural problems.

It has been pointed out elsewhere that Canadian farmers are great
free-enterprisers when the agriculture economy is buoyant. And they are among
the first at the trough for handouts when things aren't so good. It was only
five years ago, we recall, following a bumper crop in 1996, that Prairie farmers
went on a mammoth buying spree, unloading newfound cash on big-ticket items they
had done without for several years. The farmers' fat wallets boosted provincial
treasuries. Saskatchewan's NDP government bragged, back then, that it might soon
become a "have" province.

Political neanderthals, including agriculture ministers of five provinces
representing 90 per cent of Canada's agricultural production (Saskatchewan,
Manitoba, Alberta, Ontario and Quebec) have now joined the caterwaul for more
federal aid, to help address the current crisis. They argue that Canada should
rejoin the subsidy wars. In Europe, they note, 58 per cent of every euro of a
farmer's wheat sales is government subsidy. In the United States the subsidy is
46 cents. In Canada the subsidy amounts to just 11 cents. They note that
agriculture is a big chunk of the Canadian economy, worth about $30-billion a
year.

But calling for more production aid for Canadian farmers ignores the fact that
80 per cent of Canada's grain product is for export. Who benefits from this? By
contrast, in Europe and the United States most grain must be grown for domestic
consumption. European and American governments are largely subsidizing the
production of food for their own taxpayers.

Any further taxpayer-funded, production bail-out for Canadian farmers would be a
short-sighted strategic error, motivated by political expediency. The notion of
more support for growing export grain is unsustainable. Some farmers,
nevertheless, seem to continue to believe that it is their right to produce
export grain, working two or three months a year, while the rest of society
works 12 months a year. A social adjustment is in order, if not overdue.

Some farmers, facing the painful prospect of losing all, understandably feel the
current government offer is not enough. They have expressed the opinion that
Ottawa's unstated agricultural agenda is for marginal farmers to get out of the
business entirely.

If this is Mr. Vanclief's secret policy, it is not a bad one. It could, with
modification, lead to a greater public good.
David Roberts is The Globe and Mail's Winnipeg bureau chief.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

Lakeside Organic Gardens gives $2M to establish sustainable agriculture learning
center

BYLINE: Samantha Clark, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Jan. 09--WATSONVILLE -- Lakeside Organic Gardens gave $2 million to a
Watsonville nonprofit to establish a agriculture learning center in the Pajaro
Valley.

With the gift, Agri-Culture Inc. is developing the Organic and Sustainable
Agriculture Learning Center to advance career opportunities and public knowledge
of all aspects of sustainable farming practices.

"For one, there's just a misunderstanding about what we can do organically. A
lot of people say we can't feed the world organically. I believe we can," said
Dick Peixoto, who founded Lakeside Organic Gardens, the largest family owned
organic grower in the United States. "And we've come far in organic farming, but
we're still learning a lot."

He said it might take a few years to build and establish the learning center.

"I think the center will be a tremendous, tremendous asset to have in the
community," said Jess Brown, executive director of Agri-Culture. "It will allow
people to better understand agriculture. The Pajaro Valley is an appropriate
place to have this center because organic agriculture really got it's start in
Santa Cruz County."

Peixoto began farming green beans in high school on a 55-acre farm in
Watsonville. That farm became first plot Lakeside Organic Gardens converted to
organic in 1996.

Agri-Culture is housing the Peixoto Organic and Sustainable Farming Education
Fund at the Community Foundation Santa Cruz County. Other individuals,
corporations and foundations that would like to donate to the fund can do so,
Brown said.

Agri-Culture

Agri-Culture is a education nonprofit in Watsonville that aims to build a better
understanding of agriculture. The organization offers agriculture classes,
endowment funds for scholarships and local farming grants.

DETAILS: agri-culture.us.

___ (c)2016 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160109-QC-Lakeside-Organic-Gardens-gives-2M-to-establish-sustainable-
agriculture-learning-center-0109-20160109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2016 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          November 5, 2003, Wednesday

BARLEY PRODUCTION TO RISE

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 164 words


WORLD barley production is forecast by the United States Department of
Agriculture to increase slightly as production in Canada, Australia and the US
recovers from last year's drought.

Production in the European Union, Former Soviet Union (FSU) and Eastern Europe
is expected to decrease.

The world supply of barley is forecast to increase slightly.

World demand for barley is expected to increase to the highest level since
1998-1999. This is due to increased feed consumption of barley in the EU, Canada
and Australia as they shift away from other feed grains to barley.

With demand exceeding production by about nine million tonnes, world carry-out
stocks are expected to decrease significantly to an eight-year low.

World barley trade is forecast to decrease marginally to 16 million tonnes,
consisting of 11.2 million tonnes of feed barley and 4.8 million tonnes of
malting barley.

World barley malt trade is expected at about 4.5 million tonnes.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 23, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. FARMERS AGREE TO TRIM PLANTING

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 818 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 22


American grain and cotton farmers have agreed not to plant more than 81 percent
of the land they normally use for those crops under a new program aimed at
reducing surpluses and increasing depressed farm prices, the Agriculture
Department announced today.

Farmer participation in the program was ''beyond my wildest expectations,''
Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said.  A total of 186 million acres of the
nation's 230 million acres usually planted with grains and cotton will be taken
out of production, the department reported. Of the 186 million acres, 82.3
million acres will be idled under a new payment-in-kind provision in which the
Government will pay farmers with surplus grain.

The program will have no immediate effect on the record pricedepressing
surpluses now in storage, and as a result, will have no immediate effect on
consumer prices.

As part of the program, farmers who agree not to plant some of their land will
receive certain amounts of these same crops that are in Government storage. The
amounts of these crops will equal to 80 or 90 percent of what these farmers
normally produce on part of the land they will leave idle.

These farmers will also be eligible for subsidies and price support loans.  The
Administration proposed the one-year program last December, saying it was ''the
only game in town'' for handling surpluses.  The program should result in
smaller crops this year. This, in turn, could improve farmers' prices, which are
now at some of their lowest levels in a decade, in 1984.

By transferring to participating farmers much of the grain and cotton held under
Government control, more than $1 billion in storage costs may be saved in 1984.
But with a much greater number of farmers eligible for subsidies and loans next
fall, this saving could be offset by the larger aid payments, which are expected
to exceed $18 billion in fiscal 1983.

The size of the wheat, corn, rice, and cotton crops grown on the remaining acres
that participating farmers plant will depend on the weather this year and how
much extra fertilizer they use. So far, growing conditions in the grain and
cotton belts have been very good.

Private Analysts Impressed

Private analysts, who were impressed by the amount of land that will be left
unplanted, said this should result in a smaller corn and feed-grain crop this
year, although the wheat crop could come out close to last year's
record-breaking harvest.

Mark Abel, a grain specialist with Schnittker Associates, a private commodity
forecasting company, said the corn crop could be reduced by 2.5 billion to 3
billion bushels from the 1982 record of 8.3 billion bushels.

''But there may be some disappointment on wheat,'' he said. ''The wheat planted
last fall is doing very well under very good growing conditions. We could end up
with about 2.4 billion bushels this fall, compared with the 2.8 billion grown
last year.''

The 1982 record crops of wheat and corn followed record production in 1981. At
the same time, the exports on which American grain and cotton farmers now depend
have been declining as other exporting countries produced bumper crops and cut
into American markets abroad.

Record Levels of Surpluses

As a result, the surpluses now in storage are at record levels.  Even though the
percentage of land being set aside under the paymentin-kind program is much
greater than the 60 percent Mr. Block had first expected, the total supply of
grains and cotton the analysts now believe will be in storage after this fall's
harvest will still be too large to raise farmers' prices very far.

Mr. Abel said that at the current rates of domestic and export use, he expected
that the supply of corn carried over, that is, on hand when the harvest begins
in 1984, would be between 1.5 billion and 2.5 billion bushels. The carryover
this year is expected to exceed 3.5 billion bushels.

But the wheat carryover in 1984, he said, could be about 1.6 billion bushels,
about the same as that expected this year.  A total of 82.3 million acres
usually planted in grains and cotton will be taken out of production in the
payment in kind program, the department said. This includes 32 million acres of
wheat land, 41.8 million acres usually planted in corn, sorghum, and other feed
grains, 1.7 million acres of rice land, and 6.8 million acres of cotton land.

In 1982 wheat was harvested off of 78.8 million acres, corn was harvested from
73 million acres, upland cotton from 9.8 million acres, and rice from 3.2
million acres.

With this much land not planted, farmers will not use as much seed, fertilizers
and insecticides as they normally do, nor will they use as much fuel to plow and
seed their acreages.

This will reduce their operating costs and thus improve their net profits in
1983. Last year these fell to $20.4 billion, one of the lowest levels since the
Depression, after inflation is considered.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of John Block (page D23)

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Olson reaffirms US support to small farmers

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 72

LENGTH: 556  words


US Ambassador to Pakistan Richard Olson, while reaffirming the United States
government's long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan, on Wednesday
said that US is keen to promote agriculture in Pakistan.

He said this while addressing a gathering of government officials including
Taimur Azmat Osman, Secretary Ministry of National Food Security and Research,
Dr Iftikar Ahmed, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Centre (PARC),
researchers, and farmers during his visit to the National Agriculture Research
Center (NARC), which was established with the help of the US government in the
1980s.

Ambassador Olson said, "The United States is committed to helping the small
farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural productivity." He
also said that since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support
agriculture in Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double
Pakistan's wheat production. Today, we continue our support because improving
crop yields, protecting food sources from disease, and boosting milk production
will increase farmers' incomes, improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen
Pakistan's prosperity."

The Ambassador lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement
Project (WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed
in collaboration with national and provincial research partners that has
successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat variety, "NARC 2011."

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community. "Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical," said Ambassador Olson. "The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to
continue your work together."

In addition to support for the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project, the
United States has provided new harvesting machines and funded improvements to
research stations around Pakistan to develop more disease-resistant wheat
varieties.  The United States also provides specialized training opportunities
to Pakistani wheat scientists.

Dr Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and
Wheat Improvement Center, noted that without disease-resistant varieties of
wheat, such as the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimate that Pakistan's
annual wheat harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99
arrives. "Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs
45 percent of the labor force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said, adding, that Pakistani farmers grew about
24 million tons of wheat on eight million hectares last year, accounting for
about 2.4 percent of the GDP.

"Today, our long-term commitment to Pakistan's agriculture sector is sustained
through projects that help fight animal and crop diseases, increase vegetable
and mango production, improve irrigation, increase dairy production, and support
wheat research, " Ambassador Olson concluded.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                                  June 24 2011

Bihar set for Rainbow Revolution: CM

BYLINE: Alok K N Mishra

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 608 words


PATNA: Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday inaugurated the first-ever
three-day international conference on 'Organic Bihar' here on Wednesday.

"Bihar is standing at the threshold of Rainbow Revolution which is more holistic
than the ill-fated Green Revolution. Bihar's road map for this revolution will
well take care of future needs of environment and human life and also resulting
in prosperity for farmers," Nitish said.

Rainbow Revolution refers to a sustainable agricultural revolution where equal
focus is given on minimizing cost of production and increasing produce,
environmental impact, and impact of fertilizers on consumers and soil health.

The conference, being attended by agriculture scientists from United States, New
Zealand, Zimbabwe, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Switzerland, saw a lively discussion on
various aspects of organic farming in Bihar. The conference is also being
attended by 100 and odd farmers.

Referring to the experience of Green Revolution, he said "the states (leading
the revolution) exhausted soil fertility. Their soil has got deficient of micro
nutrients. Farmers are in the throes of a deep crisis as productivity has gone
down heavily due to indiscriminate use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides,"
the CM said.

He emphatically said, "Through scientific organic farming, we will change the
prevalent notion that food security cannot be achieved without chemical
fertilizers." On the occasion, he also launched an online portal,
www.jaibbihar.com, to offer a platform to promote organic produce of Bihar.

The state government will formulate policies on the basis of recommendations
made by the delegates at the conference.

To provide a stimulus to Bihar peasants, the government is providing 50% and 75%
subsidy to set-up different types of biogas plants, 50% subsidy on bio
pesticides and 90% on organic fertilizers.

"Large-scale cultivation of certified organic potatoes in Nalanda has gained
international recognition. Organic certification of Muzaffarpur litchis is at an
advanced state and the government now plans to bring aromatic rice under organic
certification," the CM, who has earlier served as Union agriculture minister,
said.

During the conference, chairman of Gujarat Life Sciences Dr M H Mehta elaborated
on food security vis-? -vis organic farming. The session, chaired by Director
General of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) Dr S Ayyappan and
co-chaired by agriculture expert Dr A K Singh, also saw Dr. A Thimmaiah, an
adviser to the ministry of agriculture and forests, Government of Bhutan,
sharing at length Bhutan's experiences in organic farming. Other speakers also
participated in the first session.

In the second technical session, US' professor of environmental studies Carol
Shennam talked at length about soil fertility management in organic farming
system. Organic farming expert from Zimbabwe, Tavagwisa Muziri explained
nutrient recycling in organic farming. Some other experts talked about pest
management for better yield in organic farming.

In the last session too, recommendations and suggestions for adopting holistic
organic farming methods to make farmers earn more with less investment, make
organic farming sustainable, and to provide a platform to promote organic
farming were made.

Bihar agriculture minister Narendra Singh expressed confidence that Bihar will
lead the next Green Revolution in the country. "Organic fertilizer has been
distributed free among more than 3.30 lakh seed growing farmers in 2010-11," the
minister said, adding "other farmers will be provided 90% subsidy on the
purchase of organic fertilizer."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      May 12, 2001 Saturday Final Edition

U.S. can't seem to get out of farm subsidy game: Farmers still depend on
government aid as crop prices keep falling

SOURCE: The Christian Science Monitor

BYLINE: Laurent Belsie

SECTION: Insight; Pg. H1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: Bisbee, N.D.

The United States' bold program to wean farmers from subsidies and make them
more globally competitive appears to be failing.

Instead of becoming more competitive, U.S. farmers remain dependent on
government handouts. Crop prices have fallen so low that many producers admit
they'd be out of business without them. As a result, the U.S. continues to lose
its position as the world's chief food exporter, and its hopes to get government
out of farming seem dashed.

Finding a solution presents knotty challenges, as free-market economics bumps up
against the political importance of farmers.

"There's no farmer who isn't seeding for the government programs," says Gary
Beckedahl, a farmer in Sherwood, N.D., who has downsized after a string of bad
years.

"The government is not going to be out of farming," adds Bruce Lewallen,
president of the U.S. Durum Growers Association and a farmer in Bisbee, N.D. "If
it happens, there will not be a farmer left from North Dakota down to Texas."

No Mood to Gamble

Wheat offers the clearest example of how U.S. policies are failing. Farmers plan
to seed fewer acres of wheat than at any time since 1973, according to a recent
survey by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). Back then, American
agriculture stood on the verge of a long boom, fuelled by the surprise wheat
purchases by the Soviet Union. Today, even with world wheat stocks declining,
farmers here are in no mood to gamble that prices will rebound.

North Dakota, in particular, is cutting back its durum acreage (the specialty
wheat used to make pasta) despite its premium price. Although abnormally high
rainfall has played a role, ruining several durum crops and increasing the risks
of disease, government programs are also pushing farmers to move out of durum.

For example, the U.S. government has cancelled special durum crop insurance,
making it more risky to plant. Also, subsidies for soybeans look more attractive
than those for wheat. So North Dakota farmers are switching out of durum into
soybeans.

"This used to be the No. 1 durum-producing county in the state," says Lewallen
of Towner County, N.D. But acreage has fallen by roughly half. He predicts
statewide acreage will fall by 25 per cent or more.

Lewallen has cut his own durum acreage and will plant soybeans for the first
time. They cost more to raise, but government support means an acre of soybeans
in a normal year will return $150 to $160 US an acre, he says, versus about $120
US for durum.

Deline and Fall ...

This year's cuts magnify the continuing decline of America's prominence in the
world's food picture. Three decades ago, the U.S. produced 13 per cent of the
world's wheat and accounted for more than one-quarter of world wheat exports. By
last year, the U.S. accounted for only 11 per cent of global production, and
exports had edged down to a 24-per-cent global share.

Soybeans offer an even starker picture. In 1971, the U.S. grew two-thirds of the
world crop and 85 per cent of exports. Last year, America's share of production
had fallen to less than half and its share of exports to 55 per cent. Of major
U.S. crops, only corn and other coarse grains have boosted their importance in
world markets.

"The world has changed a great deal, and clearly there's a lot of production
occurring," says Edward Allen, a USDA grains analyst. More countries are
producing more food for their own use, crowding out U.S. exports. Some, such as
India and the European Community, use internal subsidies that distort grain
markets.

When it passed the agricultural-reform legislation in 1996, Congress gave
farmers the freedom to plant whatever they wanted. In exchange, it dramatically
reduced crop subsidies.

The idea was that farmers would produce according to world market prices, not
subsidies.

Instead, five years of good growing conditions worldwide have boosted stocks and
knocked prices down to unimaginable levels.

With many farmers barely hanging on with what they get from the marketplace,
Congress has pushed additional emergency aid into their hands year to year.

"The last two years have been pretty decent years for farm income," says Andrew
Swenson, an agricultural economist at North Dakota State University in Fargo.
But "we are still producing for the government." Last year, the average farmer's
entire profit could be attributed to a government payment of one kind or
another.

Every Penny Needed

Even the government's share of total income (before expenses) is rising. Five
years ago, Lewallen figures, government payments accounted for 20 to 25 per cent
of his income. Last year, it was up to 55 per cent. "The sad part of it is, I
needed every penny of it," he says.

Despite wide agreement about what's wrong with farm programs, solutions vary
widely.

Lewallen, for one, doesn't want to return to government controls that cut
production to try to boost prices. "We cannot stop producing," he says. "We just
need to sell better."

Swenson is ready to change course. "It certainly has not worked out the way we
intended it to," he says. "We have lost world market share... . I think supply
management has a role."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                     March 22, 2001 Thursday Final Edition

U.S. sheep with form of mad-cow disease will be studied, destroyed

SOURCE: Associated Press

SECTION: News; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 280 words

DATELINE: GREENSBORO, Vt.

GREENSBORO, Vt. -- A flock of sheep feared infected with a version of mad-cow
disease was seized by officials yesterday, the first such seizure of any U.S.
farm animals.

Houghton Freeman's flock of 234 sheep is one of two at the centre of protests
over the Agriculture Department's order last July that they be seized and
destroyed. The department says the sheep, imported from Belgium, may carry a
disease akin to mad-cow disease and had quarantined them since 1998.

A lawyer for Freeman who monitored the seizure called it "sad, depressing and a
rushed judgment."

"This is so unnecessary," said Thomas Amidon, who had hoped the federal
government would delay the seizure until after a federal appeals court heard
arguments next month.

Agriculture Department spokesman Ed Curlett said inspectors arrived shortly
after 6 a.m. Two trucks were loaded by 11 a.m. and left the farm.

The sheep are to be taken to federal laboratories in Iowa where scientists will
take samples from their brains to study. They will eventually be slaughtered.

"We intend to collect the sheep," Curlett said. "We are very grateful for the
owner's co-operation."

Curlett said the seizure was the first of any cow or sheep in the U.S. under
suspicion of having an illness related to mad-cow disease.

The second disputed flock, believed to be about 140 sheep, is owned by Larry and
Linda Faillace of East Warren, Vt. Those animals were to be seized later, and
the owners will receive notice the night before the seizure, as Freeman did,
Curlett said.

"We assume they're coming tonight," Linda Faillace said yesterday, standing in
her small barn surrounded by several dozen sheep.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: AP; One of 234 sheep seized by federal agents peers out
from trailer.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            May 15, 1991, Wednesday

Recent changes in agriculture leave Arkansas as South's only farm state

BYLINE: By Raad Cawthon Staff writeragriculture; research; results; economy;
conditions; united/states

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 480 words


DWINDLING IMPACT: Farming simply is no longer as economically important across
the South as it once was, a study says.

Farming's impact on America's rural economy is shrinking while most farm
subsidies go to farmers who need them least, according to a National Policy
Center study released Tuesday.

"What you have seen over the last two decades is a tremendous concentration of
farming at the expense of small farmers ," said Maureen Steinbreuner, the
center's executive vice president. "In a lot of areas where people still believe
farming to be very economically important to the community, it simply no longer
is."

The study for the center, a Washington-based public policy think tank, was
funded by the Ford Foundation.

It used U.S. Department of Agriculture data to examine agricultural trends from
1970 to 1987. During that period many states' economies grew less dependent on
agriculture, according to the study.

Among the findings:

Among Southern states, only Arkansas qualifies under the study's guidelines as a
"farm state."

Federal crop subsidies often go to large farmers in the portion of rural America
where the money is least needed.

Subsidies are not helping stabilize rural economies.

Peggy Bartlett, an economic anthropologist at Emory University, said the study
supports the contention that "big farms mean an impoverishment of the rural
community."

One of the culprits, she said, is that federal agricultural subsidies are
"disproportionately" weighted toward bigger farmers.

Ms. Steinbreuner said, "Right now federal subsidies are not making much
difference to anybody except the relatively small number of farmers who are
farming price-supported crops."

She concludes from the study that attempts to revitalize rural economies by
bolstering agriculture are doomed.

"You are not going to help the people in vast numbers of economically depressed
areas with farming," she said.

Ray Bryant, a natural resources specialist with the Lower Mississippi Delta
Commission, said there is a potential for greater employment in agriculture, but
he agreed that it is not the means to "turning an economy around."

"We need to develop alternatives" for those who want to stay on the land, such
as smaller farms that raise fruit for canning, he added.

Mr. Bryant said he was "shocked" by the study's conclusion that Arkansas is the
only one of 11 Southern states considered "farm states."

"I can't believe Mississippi's not," he said. "That surprises me."

To qualify as a "farm state," the study required that at least 20 percent of a
state's counties derive more than 10 percent of their income from farming.

"This is not anti-farm or anti-agriculture," Ms. Steinbreuner said. "What we are
saying is there are sections of the rural economy which are in need and which
would benefit from redirected federal attention."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: FARMING'S IMPACT DROPS FARM-DEPENDENT COUNTIES COUNTIES WITH 20%
OR MORE OF THE TOTAL PERSONAL INCOME FROM FARMING ARE CLASSIFED
''FARM-DEPENDENT'' 1970.....558 1987.....276 FARM-IMPORTANT COUNTIES COUNTIES
WITH 10% TO 20% OF THE TOTAL PERSONAL INCOME FROM FARMING ARE ''FARM-IMPORTANT''

 1970.....603 1987.....378

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 1, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

PRICES PAID TO FARMERS DOWN 2.4%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 42, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 31


The prices that farmers received for raw products in December were an average of
2.4 percent below November's levels, and ended 1986 down 5.5 percent from a year
ago, the Agriculture Department said today.

Department officials say the nation's farm income has generally stabilized and
could show ''moderate growth'' in 1987. But the slide in farmland values was
expected to continue, further eroding assets and reducing the borrowing power of
farmers.

The report said that lower prices for oranges, tomatoes, broilers, cattle, hogs
and turkeys contributed most to the decline in the price index from its November
level. Higher prices for cotton, strawberries, corn and lettuce helped soften
the drop.

No new figures were reported for the prices paid by farmers to meet expenses.
The most recent average computed in October showed farm expenses running
six-tenths of 1 percent below levels a year earlier. The next quarterly revision
of that index is scheduled in January.

Beef and Hog Prices Drop

Changes in grain prices were mixed in December, the report said. Prices for beef
cattle and hogs were down, but calf prices were higher.

''Average lamb prices were up sharply, but broiler and egg prices were down,''
the report said. ''The all-milk price was unchanged. Sharply lower prices for
oranges and tomatoes were important factors in the month-to-month decrease of
the commercial vegetable and all-fruit indexes.''

According to the preliminary December figures, based mostly on midmonth
averages, prices of crops declined by an average of 2.9 percent from November
and 16 percent from December 1985.

Prices of commercial vegetables at the farm were down 14 percent from November
and 28 from the period a year ago. Prices for sweet corn, onions, celery and
carrots dropped, while prices for lettuce rose slightly.

Fruit prices in December dropped 11 percent from November and were 2.3 percent
below levels of a year earlier, primarily because of a sharp decline in the
prices of oranges. Higher prices for strawberries and grapefruit partly offset
the drop.

Prices for feed grain and hay rose 1.3 percent from November but were down 29
percent from a year earlier.

The price index for livestock and livestock products was down 2.8 percent from
November but up 2.9 percent from December 1985.

Net farm income is forecast by the Agriculture Department at about $28 billion
this year, down from $30.5 billion in 1985. Economists are forecasting an
increase to about $32 billion in 1987.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices, July 1985-Dec. 1986 (Source: Agriculture
Department)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   December 7, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition

Deadline near for livestock program;
Indiana, southwest Michigan producers eligible for millions in federal
assistance

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 716 words


SOUTH BEND -- The summer drought is not over yet -- at least in the local
offices of the federal Farm Service Agency.

December's cold, ice and snow have dimmed memories of the August heat. But in
local FSA offices, staff members are busy processing applications from farmers
who are availing themselves of a variety of U.S. Department of Agriculture
drought programs designed to defray various financial losses.

The hottest program going right now is the livestock compensation program for
grazing animals. Just for simply having grazing animals like cattle, sheep and
goats last summer, people will be compensated by the federal government.The Dec.
13 enrollment deadline is less than a week away. FSA officials have been busy
taking applications in the last few weeks.

"We definitely want to reach out to everyone who could possibly be eligible,"
said Michael G. Hoskins, director of the St. Joseph County FSA.

Anyone -- including 4-H kids -- who owned beef or stocker cows, dairy cows,
goats, sheep and even buffalo or beefalo on June 1 are eligible for a per-head
compensation.

"The drought drove up the price of feed, like hay. This program is intended to
offset some of those added costs," Hoskins said.

The USDA has made $752 million available for this program in Indiana. Livestock
producers in 74 counties are eligible for this assistance.

The per-head compensation amounts to $18 for each beef cow, buffalo or beefalo,
and $13.50 for each stocker cow. Eligible animals had to weigh 500 pounds or
more on June 1.

Owners of dairy cows are compensated at $31.50 per head. Owners of sheep and
goats receive $4.50 per head. There is no minimum size for sheep and goats.

Swine are not included in the program because they are not a grazing animal.
Horses are ineligible because they are not a meat animal.

Hoskins said over 54 farmers have already signed up for the program in St.
Joseph County.

The program also was activated for Michigan farms in Berrien, Cass and St.
Joseph counties.

Marcia Collins, FSA director for Berrien and Cass counties, said 100 Cass County
farmers have signed up for the program. Forty farmers in Berrien County have
enrolled.

Much media attention was given to the announcement of federal disaster
declarations last summer due to the drought. Yet the availability of
low-interest emergency loans does not create much demand from farmers.

For one, loan requirements are far narrower than the livestock compensation
program. Farmers must show a 30 percent loss. Some Michiana farmers escaped the
brunt of the drought. Some even saw their crops thrive with timely rains and
therefore would not be eligible.

In addition, FSA is the lender of last resort. Farmers must be turned down for
loans from a commercial banker or other public lending institutions to receive
the loans and their accompanying 3.75 percent interest rate.

No farm applications for emergency loans have been received in Berrien County,
said Neal Kreitner, FSA farm loan manager.

Three Cass County farmers have requested and received applications. While about
25 applications have been disseminated in LaPorte, St. Joseph, Marshall and
Starke counties, none have been completed and turned in, said Dan Walsh, FSA
loan manager in Knox.

Some farmers, he said, have yet to fully assess last summer's damage.Other
farmers feel they are already overloaded with loans that must be repaid, said
Tom Cleveland, FSA farm loan manager whose territory includes Elkhart and
Kosciusko counties.

The deadline to submit an emergency loan application is June 18, 2003.

In addition, the new farm bill also provides marketing assistance loans and loan
deficiency payment for farmers who produce shear wool and mohair from live sheep
and goats.

Producers are required by Jan. 31 to provide evidence on what date they lost
beneficial interest, or ownership, of wool and mohair.

For fruit farmers, the deadline for applying for low-interest loans in the wake
of the spring frost and freezes is March 17.

April 1 is the deadline to complete updates for a farm's base and yield. Base
and yields are the numbers by which all future payments will be based. Those
numbers have been frozen since 1985.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    February 19, 1988, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. farmers lobby for soybean subsidy

BYLINE: Nancy Dunne Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 368 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  The U.S. soybean lobby is flexing its political muscle in this election year
and pressing Congress for a new export subsidy called marketing loans that could
severely depress oilseeds prices.

Marketing loan programs, implemented for upland cotton and rice in the past two
years, boosted foreign sales of both those crops.

They are effectively deficiency payments to farmers to bridge the difference
between an established support price and the world market price.

The 1985 U.S. Farm Bill, which instituted the marketing loans for rice and
cotton, gave Richard Lyng, the U.S. Agriculture Secretary, the discretionary
authority to implement the same scheme for wheat, feed grains and soybeans.

Lyng has steadily resisted pleas to implement marketing loans for grains on the
grounds that they would be too expensive and that they are not needed anyway.

Although soybean prices are strong for the moment, farm groups sense the
potential for trouble ahead. The U.S. Agriculture Department has predicted
unprecedented world oilseeds production in 1987-88 of 202 million tonnes.

U.S. output is expected to rise only 1% above last year's levels, but foreign
production is expected to reach a record 142 million tonnes, up 5% from the
previous year.

U.S. prices have been boosted by recent Soviet purchases and by strong domestic
demand for poultry and hog feed. But stiff competition from Brazil and Argentina
could slow exports this spring and summer.

In Congress, where the farm lobby is particularly strong in an election year,
several legislators have been vowing to push for further assistance for soybean
exports.

Congressman Jerry Huckaby, a Louisiana Democrat, has called for a signal to the
market that the U.S. will stand by their soybean producers.

The U.S. agriculture department's opposition to an expanded marketing loan
programme is set out in a recent report.

The loans, the report says, did allow U.S. rice and cotton to regain a share of
world trade in these commodities in the early 1980s. However, the cost was steep
- an estimated US$635 million.

Marketing loans for wheat, feedgrains and soybeans would be very costly, the
report said.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 17, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Food price forecast favorable;
Weather crisis didn't happen

BYLINE: Donald Ratajczak

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 03B Donald Ratajczak

LENGTH: 561 words


Despite the recent cold spell that dumped a foot of snow onto the Northern Corn
Belt, the worry about adequate feed grains is easing.

The frost that could have come as early as mid-September remained away until
late October. That extra month allowed corn and soybean crops to mature that
were planted late because of very wet spring planting conditions.

In August, corn production appeared to be as low as 8.7 billion bushels.
Soybeans looked like they would only reach 2.2 billion bushels. Now, the
Department of Agriculture reports that corn production could reach nearly 9.3
billion bushels and soybeans may approach 2.4 billion bushels.

When our production appeared to be in jeopardy, other parts of the world
expanded their agricultural activities. As a result, the combined impact of
stronger production abroad and the additional supplies at home mean that no
feed-grain crisis will occur.

This is not good news for farmers who have crops. The prices they are receiving
for their corn are 40 percent less than two months ago. Wheat and soybean prices
have held more of their value, but they also have declined in price. As a
result, the 50 percent increase in farm income that was virtually certain only
two months ago is very much in doubt now.

Furthermore, the increased production abroad, along with a strong dollar, means
that exports will not be as large next year as in the recent past. If weather
conditions are normal, the United States can grow 10 billion bushels of corn.
Thus, the bins could be full again by next harvest.

Significant change

This means that the 12 percent jump in dairy prices not only will end but could
be reversed by 3 percent to 5 percent next year. Poultry prices, which jumped
more than 20 percent when feed was expensive, could fall 10 percent from those
lofty levels in 1997.

Pork prices also could stabilize before the summer.

Beef prices will take longer to drop. So many animals were slaughtered during
the spring drought that a year of herd rebuilding may be needed before beef
output can grow again.

Nevertheless, the outlook for food prices next year has changed significantly.

Two months ago, when that September frost was possible, I had estimated that
grocery store prices not only would rise more than 4 percent this year but also
would jump another 4 percent in 1997. Thus, after three years of trailing
inflation, food prices would be leading inflation for at least two years.

Although grocery store prices probably will rise 4.5 percent above previous-year
levels in December, they will grow only slightly more than 3 percent in 1997.
Furthermore, food inflation could again be below 3 percent in 1998.

By itself, these lowered estimates of food inflation do not mean that general
inflation is tamed. Higher wage pressures probably will push up consumer prices
more rapidly in 1997 than in 1996. But they suggest that inflation will not be
as large a problem as would have occurred if those November snows had begun to
fall in September.

Moreover, smaller growth in grocery bills will allow larger gains in debt
reduction or in other consumer purchases. Prospects for a continuation of
economic growth without rising inflation have benefited from that good harvest
weather.

Donald Ratajczak is director of the Economic Forecasting Center at Georgia State
University.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 1, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid to Farmers Declined 0.7% in July

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 31


Prices that farmers receive for raw farm products fell by seven-tenths of 1
percent in July, as farmers moved closer to harvesting large crops, but prices
were 9.2 percent higher than a year ago, the Government said today.

The Agriculture Department revised last month's farm price index, indicating
that average prices were unchanged in June. The initial report had showed that
June prices fell seven-tenths of 1 percent.

A decline in prices in May had been the first downturn in seven months.

The department's Crop Reporting Board said prices were lower for soybeans,
wheat, peaches, hay and grapefruit. The price declines were partly offset by
higher prices for hogs, oranges, broiler chickens, apples and milk.

Last year's small crops, reduced by drought and the Government's payment-in-kind
program, pulled up prices of major commodities. Better weather and increased
planting after the expiration of the Government program promise better crops
this year, so prices are under downward pressure. But analysts said livestock
producers are still being squeezed by higher feed prices, so that hog and
broiler prices are up.



Trends Showing Up Month-to-month swings in farm prices do not show up
immediately at the supermarket, but trends do. Consumer prices for food rose
one-tenth of 1 percent in June, rising for the first time in four months.

Agriculture Department economists predict that food prices will continue to rise
moderately in the second half of this year.

The farm price report indicated that soybean prices averaged $6.81 a bushel in
July, down a dramatic $1.18 from June. But prices were 15 percent higher than a
year earlier.

Corn was $3.32 a bushel, down 5 cents from June,and wheat averaged $3.29 a
bushel, down 16 cents.

Hog prices increased $3.20 per 100 pounds to $52.20, while beef cattle prices
fell 20 cents to $57.40 per 100 pounds. Broiler prices rose 2.3 percent to 35.5
cents per pound.

Price increases for feeder cattle and calves between June and July were offset
by lower feed and fuel prices.

The overall farm price index was 143, with 100 equaling 1977 prices, compared to
a revised June index of 144.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     November 27, 2001 Tuesday 1ST EDITION

Court has no beef with industry ads Cattleman had sued over 'It's What's for
Dinner' fees

BYLINE: Denver Post Staff and Wire Reports,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 472 words


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Supreme Court turned aside a  free-speech challenge to the
'Beef: It's What's for Dinner'  advertising campaign by a Kansas cattleman
seeking to avoid paying  fees to help fund the ads.

The justices, without comment, refused to question a federal  appeals court
decision upholding a U.S. Department of Agriculture  order that Jerry Goetz pay
$ 137,000 in back fees and penalties.

The beef ads are under fire following a 6-3 Supreme Court  ruling in June that
struck down a similar Agriculture Department  advertising program, known as a
'checkoff,' for the mushroom  industry. A separate challenge to the $ 88 million
beef program is  pending in a federal trial court in South Dakota.

The Denver-based National Cattlemen's Beef Association  applauded the decision.

'Our initial reaction is that the court decision is a  positive,' said spokesman
Kendal Frazier. 'We believe the checkoff  is constitutional.'

But the ruling was a setback for the Rocky Mountain Farmers  Union, which
represents small farmers and ranchers in Colorado,  Wyoming and New Mexico.

'We support checkoff programs to some degree, but only to the  extent that
they're constitutional,' said spokesman William  Lee-Ashley. 'We don't think the
beef checkoff is constitutional.'

Hog farmers this year voted to kill the national pork  promotion checkoff, but
the USDA later overturned the results  after several producer groups filed
lawsuits claiming the agency  had no legal authority to hold the election in the
first place.

Goetz argued that the beef fee, a $ 1 assessment on each head  of cattle sold,
compels him to pay for messages he doesn't  necessarily support.

'The Beef Act is materially indistinguishable from the  Mushroom Act and cannot
survive a First Amendment challenge,' he  said in his appeal to the nation's
highest court.

The 15-year-old beef-promotion law pays for advertising and  promotional
activities designed to increase sales of steak,  hamburger and other beef
products.

The Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals twice  ruled against Goetz.

The Justice Department asked the Supreme Court to reject  Goetz's appeal. The
government said the mushroom ruling doesn't  necessarily mean the beef promotion
system is unconstitutional.

In a court filing last year, the Justice Department had said  the beef and
mushroom programs are 'virtually identical.' The  Supreme Court's decision in
the mushroom case surprised many  observers because the court in 1997 upheld the
fees that pay for  generic advertising for California peaches, plums and
nectarines.

The justices said the $ 2.65 million mushroom program was  different because it
wasn't part of a broader government effort to  regulate that market.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 20, 2015

Farmers awarded scholarships

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 513  words


The Historic Lewes Farmers Market recently announced it has awarded eight
scholarships to Delmarva farmers. This year, HLFM received more applications
than ever before from farmers dedicated to sustainable farming methods. Each
scholarship provides $500 to enable farmers to attend conferences devoted to
sustainable agriculture.

The HLFM provides these scholarships to further its mission of promoting and
strengthening sustainable farming through education and public outreach.
Individual donors have again generously stepped forward to contribute to the
HLFM scholarship fund. Anyone interested in contributing can email
historiclewesfarmersmarket@comcast.net or call 302-644-1436.

Three recipients will attend the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable
Agriculture Farming for the Future Conference Feb. 3 to 7 in State College, Pa.
PASA is a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the economic viability
and environmental soundness of local food and agricultural systems. PASA assists
working farmers concerned with the ecological well-being of the environment and
natural resources.

One scholarship recipient will attend the Mid Atlantic Fruit and Vegetable
Convention in Hershey, Pa., Jan. 27 to 29. The convention has been jointly
sponsored by the State Horticultural Association of Pennsylvania, the
Pennsylvania Vegetable Growers Association, the Maryland State Horticultural
Society, and the New Jersey State Horticultural Society for the past 36 years.

One scholarship recipient has already attended the Southeast Regional Fruit and
Vegetable Conference in Savannah, Ga. It is the largest educational conference
and trade show in the southeastern United States that unites growers, vendors
and suppliers. Attendees participate in more than 80 hours of educational
sessions on food safety concerns, specific commodity issues on production
practices and increased yields, and marketing strategies.

One recipient will attend the Northeast Organic Farming Association Annual
Organic and Farming Conference in Sarasota Springs, N.Y., Jan. 23-25. NOFA
advocates a sustainable, local, organic food and farm system.

Two recipients attended the Future Harvest Chesapeake Alliance for Sustainable
Agriculture Conference in College Park, Md. Future Harvest CASA's mission is to
provide education, networking, and advocacy to help build a sustainable
Chesapeake foodshed, where food flows from farm and fishery to table in ways
that strengthen farming and the regional food economy; protect land, water, and
air; and provide healthy, nutritious food that sustains the region's communities
and cities.

The 2015 recipients of the HLFM scholarships are: The Bennett family, Bennett
Orchards; Lisa Garfield, Calliope Farm; Adrienne Spencer, The Delaware

Center for Horticulture's 12th & Brandywine Urban Farm; Karen Abbott, Fifer
Orchards; Beth Eisenhour and Kathleen Moss, Mossflower Cottage Vegetable Farm;
Bruce Pape, Deep Grass Organic; and Debbie Schaefer, Into the Soil Farm.

More information about the market is available at
www.historiclewesfarmersmarket.org and on Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      June 28, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Corn prices down as rain is forecast in U.S. midwest

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 2, INVESTMENT & FINANCE; Pg. 17, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Chicago Board of Trade wheat futures hit five-month lows yesterday, pressured by
spillover selling from soybean and corn futures, while Winnipeg prices fell on
news of a bumper crop in the U.S.

Weather forecasts calling for cooler, wetter weather to return to the dry U.S.
midwest next week pushed corn and soybean futures sharply lower. The rain should
replenish soil moisture, and in turn, aid crop development.

CBOT corn values closed US4 1/4 cents to US5 1/2 cents per bushel lower while
the most active September contract closed US4 1/2 cents lower to US$2.32 3/4.
Losses in CBOT soybean futures ranged from US9 1/2 cents to US11 1/2 cents. The
dominant August contract settled at US$5.52 3/4 per bushel, down US10 1/4 cents.

The most sought after CBOT wheat contract settled US6 1/4 cents lower to US$2.75
1/4 per bushel. Declines in the other months ranged from US1 1/2 cents to US8
cents.

However, trading in all CBOT grain and soybean pits was cautious ahead of
acreage estimates and quarterly grain stock reports released by the U.S.
Agriculture Department after the close of trading yesterday.

Soybean acreage was pegged at 59.8 million acres, higher than analysts'
estimates. CBOT soybean traders called futures US5 cents to US10 cents lower at
the opening today, based on the bearish acreage data.

The USDA estimated corn acreage at 75.9 million acres, again higher than
analysts had estimated.  Traders called corn futures US1 cents to US3 cents
lower at today's opening.

Spring wheat acreage, excluding durum, was pegged at 15.6 million acres, while
durum plantings were estimated at 3.4 million acres. Both figures were also
above estimates.

Traders at the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange said the U.S. figures indicate a
bumper crop south of the border, which should push flax and canola to new
contract lows and grains to near new contract lows.

WCE flaxseed futures closed $1.70 to $4.40 per tonne lower yesterday, undermined
by a favorable crop outlook, heavy farmer deliveries to the Prairie elevator
system and an overall poor export outlook.

The most sought after October contract finished $4.20 lower to $192.50.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

US to help small farmers projects in Pakistan: US Envoy

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The United States is committed to helping the
small farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural
productivity and increase farmers income in the country.
    This was stated by US Ambassador to Pakistan, Richard Olson while
addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers and farmers
during his visit to National Agriculture Research Center (NARC) here on
Wednesday.


    He said that his country will continue its support for improving crop
yields, protecting food sources from disease, boosting milk production to
increase farmers'incomes,improve nutrition to strengthen Pakistan's
prosperity of its people.
   The Ambassador lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity
Enhancement Project (WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
programme.
    The programmee is managed in collaboration with national and provincial
research partners that has successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat
variety, "NARC 2011."
    The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG
99,a virulent wheat disease in the region that poses an threat to Pakistan's
farming community, he added.
    Olson said that wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily
caloric intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this
disease are critical.
    The Ambassador said tahat Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project team
and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rust, and I encourage you to
continue your work together.
    In addition, he said that to support for the Wheat Productivity
Enhancement Project, the United States has provided new harvesting machines
and funded improvements to research stations around Pakistan to develop more
disease-resistant wheat varieties.
    He further said that United States also provides specialized training
opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists.
    Ambassadar Olson reaffirmed the Untied States government's long-term
support to farming communities which has been working to support agriculture
in Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's
wheat production.
    Speaking on the occasion Chairman PARC,Dr.Iftikhar Ahmed said that
WPEP has supported to improve the productivity of wheat and in addition also
help to prevent the crop from diseases.
    The project had supported to develop the capacity building of the
scientists for producing better crops in the country,he added.
     Additional Secretary, Ministry of National Food Security and Research
(MoNFSR), Basist Ali said that the ministry had formulated National Food
Security policy and besides, the national food council was also established.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 13, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Bumper Crops in 1998, But Farmers Face Losses

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 12


Corn and soybean farmers had bumper crops last year, but the loss of overseas
markets and low prices brought economic trouble to many farm communities. Some
analysts say this year will probably bring more of the same.

"We've got very large supplies but lackluster demand," said Mike Singer, an
economist with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. "I think it would almost
take some sort of weather problem that cuts production to really give a big
boost to prices."

Wheat farmers have already responded to last year's record low prices by
planting less of their winter wheat crop this year, making it the smallest since
1972, the Agriculture Department said today.

The look at this year's crops came as the department released its 1998 crop
figures. In many cases, like soybeans and corn, farmers had bumper production
years.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      April 1, 2000 Saturday Final Edition

U.S. farmers shift from 'engineered' crops: Consumer choice forcing swing from
biotech corn

SOURCE: AP

SECTION: Business; Pg. G3

LENGTH: 464 words

DATELINE: Washington

Farmers are turning away from genetically engineered crops -- especially a
biotech corn that's toxic to insects -- amid consumer resistance that started
overseas and is now being felt in the United States.

Plantings of the gene-altered corn are projected to drop 24 per cent this year,
according to findings of an Agriculture Department survey released Friday. The
report also suggested declines in biotech varieties of cotton and soybeans.

"We don't want to go out here and spend any more money ... than we absolutely
have to," said Allan Morris, who farms near Mason, Ill. "We can't afford to do
that with the margins we have in agriculture."

Biotech crops had caught on quickly in the late 1990s despite the relatively
high cost of the seed.

Europeans were the first to balk at buying biotech grain, which wary Britons
have dubbed "Frankenfoods," but there is also resistance in Asia. A handful of
U.S. companies now are turning them down, including baby food makers and snack
food giant Frito-Lay Inc.

U.S. regulators insist than the biotech crops are no different that conventional
versions.

The biotech corn, known as Bt corn for a bacteria the corn contains, became
especially controversial last year after a Cornell University study suggested it
could be killing Monarch butterflies.

According to the USDA survey, farmers in major corn-producing states intend to
plant 19 per cent of their corn acreage this year to the Bt variety, down from
25 per cent in 1999.

Plantings of biotech cotton are projected to decline from 55 per cent last year
to 48 per cent in 2000. Some 52 per cent of this year's soybean acreage is
expected to be a biotech variety that is resistant to a popular herbicide. About
57 per cent of soybeans last year were herbicide-resistant, including a small
amount that was conventionally bred.

"Producers are just trying to protect themselves. The industry seems to be
saying they want less biotech and that's what their interest is, going to where
the industry is telling them to go," said Don Roose, an analyst with U.S.
Commodities Inc.

Farm groups had expected the reduction in biotech corn because of resistance to
the crop in overseas markets and a decline in infestations of the European corn
borer, the pest the corn is designed to kill.

"Farmers need markets. They always say the consumer is king, and the consumer in
this case isn't that interested in genetically engineered corn," said Margaret
Mellon of the Union of Concerned Scientists.

Seed companies have insisted that demand for biotech varieties is in line with
last year, although some have been offering discounts to farmers to maintain
sales. Monsanto Co.'s biotech sales are "flat to marginally better" than last
year, said spokesperson Dan Verakis.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 11, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. CROP OUTPUT RISING SHARPLY FROM POOR '83

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 29, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 10


Crop production in the United States, shriveled last year by drought and
Government acreage programs, is rebounding sharply as farmers put idled land
back to work and the weather improves, the Agriculture Department said today.

This fall's corn crop is expected to yield about 7.67 billion bushels, up 84
percent from last year's harvest of 4.17 billion bushels. Soybean production,
estimated at 2.04 billion bushels, is up 30 percent from the 1983 harvest of
1.57 billion.

Although up sharply from last year, the corn harvest would still fall short of
the record of 8.24 billion bushels in 1982. Department records show the 1984
crop would be the fourth largest. The production estimates were the first of the
season and reflected surveys made on Aug. 1.

Farmers are expected to harvest 71.1 million acres of corn this year, compared
with 51.4 million acres in 1983, which was the smallest corn acreage in more
than a century.

Terry Barr, director of the Agriculture Department's economic analysis staff,
said a corn harvest in the range estimated would help ease feed costs and
stimulate the livestock sector.

Cattle and hog producers have reduced inventories, reflecting higher grain
prices that resulted from last year's short harvest, he said.

''So I think a crop of this size would turn that ingredient price around,'' Mr.
Barr said. ''It would be a positive thing for the livestock sector, as long as
the demand side holds up well.''

That could translate into continued moderate price increases at grocery stores,
according to Agriculture Department economists. Last year, food prices rose an
average of 2.1 percent, the smallest annual increase in 16 years. They are
expected to rise more sharply in 1984, in the range of 4 percent to 6 percent.

A return to bumper crops this year also indicates improved income for farmers,
according to Agriculture Department analysts. Current forecasts indicate that
net farm income may be in the range of $30 billion to $34 billion in 1984, about
double the $16.1 billion in 1983.

While drought accounted for about half of last year's decline in corn output,
the Government's payment-in- kind program was also a major factor. Under the
program, the Government gave farmers $9.7 billion worth of surplus wheat, corn,
sorghum, rice and cotton in return for taking land out of 1983 production. In
all, farmers idled 75.6 million acres of cropland.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Basin Republican Rustler (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 18, 2010

Agriculture in Big Horn County

BYLINE: Dallen Smith, Extension agent

LENGTH: 481  words


This is agriculture week and my hat goes off to all the agriculture producers in
Big Horn County. Roughly 58 percent of the counties income comes from
agriculture. We have 621 farms in the county and crop sales make up $24.6
million, with livestock sales $27.2 million with a combined total of $51.8
million. We rank second in the state for sugar beet production, corn for silage
and colonies of bees. We rank third in the state for barley for grain, horses
and ponies and hogs and pigs. We have some great farmers in our county that work
hard to produce crops in this arid climate through the use of irrigation. We
also have many companies and co-ops that supply seed, fertilizer, fuel and other
necessary inputs that make agriculture production possible in this county.

Agriculture production has come along way in the last 100 years. Average corn
production in the United States in 1900 was 20 bushel to the acre. Today the
average corn production is 160 bushel to the acre and some producers in Iowa are
producing 300 bushel to the acre. This has come through many technologies
including cross breading of corn, fertilizer, Roundup Ready crops. Machinery has
also become more efficient. Agriculture on a whole has become more efficient
through the use of technology on one hand. Some livestock producers have become
more efficient through grazing crop aftermath and wintering on windrowed crops,
which you could call less technology. Ranchers and farmers are great at adopting
those technologies that will work on their operations. It is because of the good
farming and ranching practices of this country that we spend less of our
disposable income on food than any other country. Ten percent of our disposable
income goes for food while in third world countries like Indonesia spends 45
percent of their income on food.

Upcoming events

At 7 p.m. tonight (Thursday) there will be a meeting to discuss current
livestock issues Also, Steve Paisley the Livestock Specialist from University of
Wyoming will be coming to demonstrate how to use CowBytes, a feed lot balancing
ration that he highly recommends for the use in feedlots.

National Ag week is this week, March 14-20. Take the opportunity to thank an ag
producer you know. National Ag Day is March 20 so our annual Ag Expo will be
from 9 a.m to noon this Friday for all third and fourth grade students at the
Basin Fairgrounds.

University of Wyoming Cooperative Extension Big Horn County is putting on an
Enterprise Budget Workshop for farmers an< ranchers. John Hewett will be coming
from Laramie and bringing 10 laptops. There will be a short presentation and
then into work sessions on the computers doing the actual enterprise budgets.
The Workshop will be from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday, March 31, at the Big Horn
County Weed and Pest building, 4782 Hwy 310, Greybull.

Call the Extension Office at 765-2868 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2010 Basin Republican Rustler


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      May 21, 1996, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

Wheat board under fire in U.S. But illegal grain sales still denounced

BYLINE: by Robert Russo CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: COEUR d'ALENE, Idaho


   COEUR d'ALENE, Idaho - Election-bound U.S. politicians are training their
guns on the Canadian Wheat Board, but warning renegade farmers north of the
border not to truck their grain illegally into the United States.

Several angry U.S. grain farmers appearing before a hearing of a congressional
committee described the board as a secretive monopoly that dumps low-quality
grain on the U.S. market.

But little support surfaced for David Sawatzky, the Canadian farmer who tried to
break the board's monopoly by hauling and trying to sell his grain to the United
States.

"He should have been shot," Congressman Bill Barrett, Republican chairman of the
agriculture subcommittee, said in an interview before adding quickly "now don't
use that."

"His actions simply continue the problems we have had up until now."

At a trial in Winnipeg last week, Sawatzky was acquitted of illegally exporting
grain to the United States.

Meanwhile, a senior official in the U.S. agriculture department said the
administration of President Bill Clinton will be pushing for the dismantling of
the Canadian Wheat Board.

"There is general agreement that state trading enterprises have remained
untouched," said Timothy Galvin, who was also attending the hearing in the
northern Idaho resort town.

"They represent the next step in opening up trade. We would strongly favor the
elimination of those boards in Canada and Australia."

The Canadian Wheat Board has been the sole marketer of Canadian wheat since
1949. The board buys grain directly from farmers and sells it wherever it can
get the highest price.

Several wheat and barley farmers blamed low feed-grain prices on what they
called dumping into the United States by the Canadian Wheat Board, or CWB.

"It seems ironic that the CWB can claim it markets the cleanest wheat in the
world and at the same time dump poor-quality wheat into the U.S. at prices far
below the market price," said Idaho wheat farmer Richard Garber.

American grain farmers are prevented from trucking their wheat across the border
because they can't get a selling permit from the Canadian Wheat Board.

"What would happen if you tried to take your trucks up to Canada like what's
happened here?" Barrett asked.

"You'd be met by gendarmes, wouldn't you?"

Barley farmer Craig Corbett said he was disturbed about what he called a plot by
one province to support the rebellious Canadian grain farmers.

"Alberta is considering a plan to participate in this black-market trade by
buying loads of grain from farmers for $1 in Alberta and allowing the farmers to
ship the grain into the U.S., where they can buy it back for the same $1,"
Corbett said.

Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale said last week he would write his Alberta
counterpart, Walter Paszkowski, to warn him about "substantive pitfalls" of such
a program.

Canada has been bruised in trade battles by U.S. politicians and an
administration eager to appear to be aggressively defending American interests
in an election year.

The Canadian Wheat Board was portrayed as gaining an undue segment of the U.S.
world market through unfair pricing practices.

"They have 20 per cent of the market," said Idaho Representative Helen
Chenoweth.

"They have the monopoly and the power to be able to sell at one price in one
country and another price in another market."

But American figures suggest Canadian wheat imports into the United States are
falling. They are about half what they were last year, Galvin said, and barley
imports have fallen to about 40 per cent of their former levels.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Family Farms are the Focus of New Agriculture Census Data

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

97 Percent of All U.S. Farms are Family-Owned, USDA Reports

WASHINGTON, March 17, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) reports that family-owned farms remain
the backbone of the agriculture industry. The latest data come from the Census
of Agriculture farm typology report and help shine light on the question, "What
is a family farm?"

"As we wrap up mining the 6 million data points from the latest Census of
Agriculture, we used typology to further explore the demographics of who is
farming and ranching today," said NASS Statistics Division Director Hubert
Hamer. "What we found is that family-owned businesses, while very diverse, are
at the core of the U.S. agriculture industry. In fact, 97 percent of all U.S.
farms are family-owned."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report is a special data series
that primarily focuses on the "family farm." By definition, a family farm is any
farm where the majority of the business is owned by the operator and individuals
related to the operator, including through blood, marriage, or adoption. Key
highlights from the report include the following five facts about family farms
in the United States:

Five Facts to Know about Family Farms

1. Food equals family - 97 percent of the 2.1 million farms in the United States
are family-owned operations.

2. Small business matters - 88 percent of all U.S. farms are small family farms.

3. Local connections come in small packages - 58 percent of all direct farm
sales to consumers come from small family farms.

4. Big business matters too - 64 percent of all vegetable sales and 66 percent
of all dairy sales come from the 3 percent of farms that are large or very large
family farms.

5. Farming provides new beginnings - 18 percent of principal operators on family
farms in the U.S. started within the last 10 years.

"Whether small or large - on the East Coast, West Coast, or the Midwest - family
farms produce food and fiber for people all across the U.S. and the world," said
Hamer. "It's due in part to information such as this from the Census of
Agriculture that we can help show the uniqueness and importance of U.S.
agriculture to rural communities, families, and the world."

The 2012 Census of Agriculture Farm Typology report classifies all farms into
unique categories based on three criteria: who owns the operation, whether
farming is the principal operator's primary occupation, and gross cash farm cash
income (GCFI). Small family farms have GCFI less than $350,000; midsize family
farms have GCFI from $350,000 to $999,999; and large family farms have GCFI of
$1 million or more. Small farms are further divided based on whether the
principal operator works primarily on or off the farm.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      July 7, 1986, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Agriculture a priority

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 501 words


   International competition is right up there with drought, grasshoppers and
high interest rates on the list of problems plaguing Canada's farmers. As
External Affairs Minister Joe Clark said recently in Edmonton, agriculture in
Canada "is in serious trouble. One of the major reasons is a trade war in
agriculture between the European Community and the United States - a war of
subsidies in which everyone is the loser, including, dramatically, Canadian
farmers and consumers."

That is why Clark wants agriculture given priority when a new round of
international negotiations of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT)
begins in Uruguay in September. And it's why Prime Minister Brian Mulroney
insisted on talking about agriculture at the summit meeting of the world's seven
leading industrial nations in Tokyo earlier this spring.

The major issue facing GATT negotiators and our new international trade
minister, Pat Carney, is the extent to which governments in the United States
and European Common Market countries subsidize their farmers. As Clark said in
Edmonton: "The figures for subsidies of wheat production present a stark
picture. Calculated in U.S. dollars, Canadian grain producers receive $34 a
tonne in government assistance; American farmers receive some $75 a tonne; and
European Community farmers receive $94 a tonne."

Clark went on to say, "We cannot compete in subsidies, and we cannot let
Canadian farmers become the innocent casualties of an agricultural trade war."

Since those words were spoken, Canadian farmers have taken another blow. The
U.S. and the European Community recently reached a temporary truce in their
long-running battle over agricultural trade. The truce essentially means that
U.S. trade with Spain and Portugal will continue much as it did before the two
countries joined the Common Market earlier this year. Spain and Portugal won't
reduce their imports from the U.S. and the Americans won't retaliate by cutting
back purchases of European brandy, white wine, cordials and cheese.

But even the ceasefire leaves Canada caught in a crossfire. It's expected that
we will lose a considerable portion of our trade with Spain and Portugal as an
immediate result of the truce. And by next year, the agreement may cause a 5 per
cent drop in world wheat prices which are already so depressed - $2.28 (U.S) a
bushel - that it's hard for prairie farmers to recover their production costs,
much less make a profit, without substantial government subsidies on the
American and European scale. Yet Canada, as Clark said, cannot compete in
subsidies.

The goal at the GATT negotiations clearly is to achieve international agreement
to reduce or eliminate subsidies and to restore genuine competition in the
worldwide trade of agricultural products. Then Canadian farmers, who are among
the world's most efficient, can once again compete fairly with the Americans,
the French and the Australians in the world's markets.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 12, 1994, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Bumper harvest in U.S.

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 39, International Business

LENGTH: 137 words


American farmers will harvest a record soybean crop and their second-largest
corn crop in a hearty rebound from 1993, the Agriculture Department said
yesterday. The harvests would represent an astonishing recovery from last year's
flood- and frost-stunted levels if the forecasts prove true. The corn crop would
be 45% larger and soybeans up 26%. Overall U.S. grain output would rise 30%.
Analysts said the huge crops could put more meat on grocery shelves, boost U.S.
exports and help defuse trade tensions with Canada by reducing the need to
import Canadian wheat. Durum wheat output is forecast at 98 million bushels, or
42% more than last year. Durum imports from Canada have played a major role in a
dispute over wheat trade that riled U.S. farmers and led to a recent agreement
to limit the shipments.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 1, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Down 0.7%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 407 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 28


Prices farmers get for raw products declined seven-tenths of a percent from
January to February, and averaged 4.6 percent below a year ago, the Agriculture
Department said today.

Lower prices for eggs, lettuce, oranges and onions were mostly responsible for
the decline, the department's Agricultural Statistics Board said in its
preliminary report.

But the report said higher prices for cattle, tomatoes and hogs partly offset a
drop for other commodities.

Corn Remains Stable

Corn prices were unchanged, wheat prices were up slightly but soybean prices
were down, the report said. Market eggs dropped off sharply.

The prices of cattle and hogs rose moderately from January, and those of steers
and heifers, cows and calves were all at record levels.

"The average price for oranges was down," the report said, noting the abnormally
low temperatures in California in December. "The high price for California fresh
oranges was offset by an unusually large proportion of freeze-damaged oranges
moving to processors."

Crop prices collectively dropped eight-tenths of a percent from January and were
down 8.3 percent from February of last year.

The report's fruit index was down 2.9 percent from January but averaged 16
percent more than a year ago. Lower prices for oranges and grapefruit were
mainly responsible for the decline from January, although higher prices for
lemons and apples helped soften the drop.

February prices of oil-bearing crops, primarily soybeans, were down 3.2 percent
from January but were 5.7 percent above the level of a year ago. Cotton prices
were up 3.8 percent from January, averaging 8.9 percent higher than a year ago.

The livestock index was unchanged from January but averaged 1.8 percent below
February a year ago, while poultry and egg prices dropped 9 percent from a month
earlier and 6.9 percent below February 1990.

The prices for meat animals were reported up 1.6 percent from January and 4.3
percent from a year earlier. Beef cattle prices as a group were up 70 cents per
hundredweight from January and up $2.70 per hundredweight from a year earlier.
Hog prices rose $1 and $2.80 per hundredweight, respectively.

The all-milk price paid to farmers was reported at $11.60 for 100 pounds, down
10 cents from January and $2.80 below last February. It was the lowest since
July 1988, the report said.

Most prices are mid-February averages that will be revised next month.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Farm Prices" shows index of prices received by farmers; all
items. (Source: Agriculture Department)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Agribusiness: Efficiency through precision farming

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 451 words


Craige MacKenzie travelled recently to St Louis, Missouri, to receive the award
of Precision Agriculture Farmer of the Year from the United States-based
PrecisionAg Institute.

Precision agriculture involves the use of a range of techniques and technology
to allow a targeted application of water and nutrients to match the requirements
of crops. MacKenzie has applied precision farming practices since 1984 to his
family"s own farms, with a focus on maximising nutrient and irrigation
efficiency for improved farm sustainability -- both environmental and financial.

In 2010 he founded Agri Optics to provide precision farming tools and services
to New Zealand farming systems, with a focus on field sensing and spatial data
management solutions. He was also integral in establishing the Precision
Agriculture Association of New Zealand (PAANZ), whose mission is to increase the
awareness and use of precision ag technologies in land-based primary production
systems.

MacKenzie believes that a large contributor to New Zealand"s innovative culture
in farming is due to us operating in a uniquely unsubsidised farming system.

This provides our farmers the ability -- and a requirement -- to adapt to
changing situations.

New Zealand"s high value crops and produce require accurate inputs to maintain
our international image and market advantage.

Farming is like all other parts of our society -- just as we drive safer, more
fuel efficient cars than in the past, we are now also use smarter technologies
on the land.

Our farms have become more efficient and are using less inputs to grow a similar
or greater amount of produce.

Technology -- including the uptake of GPS -- is helping to drive this, allowing
farmers that adopt precision agriculture to have less impact on the environment
than in the past.

"The use of this technology means that it is possible to avoid waterways and
other sensitive areas and eliminate environmental impact," says MacKenzie.

"This will continue to be the way forward as we need to meet the challenges of
environmental and financial sustainability."

New Zealand"s high value crops and produce require accurate inputs to maintain
our international image and market advantage.

MacKenzie"s focus on the farm continues to be on utilising technology to run his
businesses in a sustainable way.

Having received the title of Precision Agriculture Farmer of the Year, MacKenzie
hopes to increase the opportunities available to New Zealand farmers to ensure
they continue to lead the world.

"One of the things this award does is showcase the changes happening right
across our agricultural industry," he says. "It"s great to have the global
recognition that New Zealand agriculture is right up there."

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

VSU cites outstanding farmers in Leyte

LENGTH: 344  words


Three farmers were recognized in this year's Ugmad Search for Outstanding Farmer
Entrepreneurs and Vegetable and Livestock Farmers during the Farmers and
Fisherfolk Day organized by the Visayas State University (VSU) in Leyte.

The event is one of the activities lined up to celebrate VSU's 89th anniversary.

Olegario Pardes Jr. of Ormoc City who was honored as outstanding
farmer-entrepreneur received P20,000 and a plaque. Pardes is into organic
agriculture and plants rice, vegetables, fruit trees, and other crops,
livestock, and cultivates fish.

Ariel Rupa of Palo town was cited as outstanding vegetable farmer and received
P5,000 P5,000 worth of vegetable seeds from East-West Seed Phils., and a plaque.
He is also into fruit production.

"Natural farming is the best method if you want to have good health and a long
life," Rupa said.

His 1.5-hectare farm is teeming with eggplants, pepper, upo, squash, beans,
okra, sweet corn, kangkong, cucumber, broccoli, papaya and avocado.

Part of his farming regimen involves the use of making composts from farm waste
to be used as fertilizers.

Rupa also uses Trichogramma and metarhizium as biocontrol agents which are known
to be effective in eliminating insects and pests.

To sustain the productivity of his farm, he practices the "staggered planting
method," which the United States Department of Agriculture said involves growing
the same vegetable but planting its seeds on different dates. This allows a
farmer to enjoy a longer period of fresh vegetables.

Another awardee is former Third District Provincial Board Member Rowil Batan of
Leyte, Leyte, who won P10,000 worth of livestock feeds and biologics from Univet
Nutrition and Animal Healthcare Co. Batan raises cattle, goats and sheep and his
homemade cheese made from processed goat milk is fast gaining recognition.

Batan keeps himself abreast on updates through Internet, visits to livestock
farms around the country, and technical assistance from the Provincial and
Municipal Agriculture Offices, the Department of Agriculture, Philippine Carabao
Center and VSU.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

VSU cites outstanding farmers in Leyte

LENGTH: 344  words


Three farmers were recognized in this year's Ugmad Search for Outstanding Farmer
Entrepreneurs and Vegetable and Livestock Farmers during the Farmers and
Fisherfolk Day organized by the Visayas State University (VSU) in Leyte.

The event is one of the activities lined up to celebrate VSU's 89th anniversary.

Olegario Pardes Jr. of Ormoc City who was honored as outstanding
farmer-entrepreneur received P20,000 and a plaque. Pardes is into organic
agriculture and plants rice, vegetables, fruit trees, and other crops,
livestock, and cultivates fish.

Ariel Rupa of Palo town was cited as outstanding vegetable farmer and received
P5,000 P5,000 worth of vegetable seeds from East-West Seed Phils., and a plaque.
He is also into fruit production.

"Natural farming is the best method if you want to have good health and a long
life," Rupa said.

His 1.5-hectare farm is teeming with eggplants, pepper, upo, squash, beans,
okra, sweet corn, kangkong, cucumber, broccoli, papaya and avocado.

Part of his farming regimen involves the use of making composts from farm waste
to be used as fertilizers.

Rupa also uses Trichogramma and metarhizium as biocontrol agents which are known
to be effective in eliminating insects and pests.

To sustain the productivity of his farm, he practices the "staggered planting
method," which the United States Department of Agriculture said involves growing
the same vegetable but planting its seeds on different dates. This allows a
farmer to enjoy a longer period of fresh vegetables.

Another awardee is former Third District Provincial Board Member Rowil Batan of
Leyte, Leyte, who won P10,000 worth of livestock feeds and biologics from Univet
Nutrition and Animal Healthcare Co. Batan raises cattle, goats and sheep and his
homemade cheese made from processed goat milk is fast gaining recognition.

Batan keeps himself abreast on updates through Internet, visits to livestock
farms around the country, and technical assistance from the Provincial and
Municipal Agriculture Offices, the Department of Agriculture, Philippine Carabao
Center and VSU.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

VSU cites outstanding farmers in Leyte

LENGTH: 344  words


Three farmers were recognized in this year's Ugmad Search for Outstanding Farmer
Entrepreneurs and Vegetable and Livestock Farmers during the Farmers and
Fisherfolk Day organized by the Visayas State University (VSU) in Leyte.

The event is one of the activities lined up to celebrate VSU's 89th anniversary.

Olegario Pardes Jr. of Ormoc City who was honored as outstanding
farmer-entrepreneur received P20,000 and a plaque. Pardes is into organic
agriculture and plants rice, vegetables, fruit trees, and other crops,
livestock, and cultivates fish.

Ariel Rupa of Palo town was cited as outstanding vegetable farmer and received
P5,000 P5,000 worth of vegetable seeds from East-West Seed Phils., and a plaque.
He is also into fruit production.

"Natural farming is the best method if you want to have good health and a long
life," Rupa said.

His 1.5-hectare farm is teeming with eggplants, pepper, upo, squash, beans,
okra, sweet corn, kangkong, cucumber, broccoli, papaya and avocado.

Part of his farming regimen involves the use of making composts from farm waste
to be used as fertilizers.

Rupa also uses Trichogramma and metarhizium as biocontrol agents which are known
to be effective in eliminating insects and pests.

To sustain the productivity of his farm, he practices the "staggered planting
method," which the United States Department of Agriculture said involves growing
the same vegetable but planting its seeds on different dates. This allows a
farmer to enjoy a longer period of fresh vegetables.

Another awardee is former Third District Provincial Board Member Rowil Batan of
Leyte, Leyte, who won P10,000 worth of livestock feeds and biologics from Univet
Nutrition and Animal Healthcare Co. Batan raises cattle, goats and sheep and his
homemade cheese made from processed goat milk is fast gaining recognition.

Batan keeps himself abreast on updates through Internet, visits to livestock
farms around the country, and technical assistance from the Provincial and
Municipal Agriculture Offices, the Department of Agriculture, Philippine Carabao
Center and VSU.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

VSU cites outstanding farmers in Leyte

BYLINE:  Felix N. Codilla III

LENGTH: 344  words


Three farmers were recognized in this year's Ugmad Search for Outstanding Farmer
Entrepreneurs and Vegetable and Livestock Farmers during the Farmers and
Fisherfolk Day organized by the Visayas State University (VSU) in Leyte.

The event is one of the activities lined up to celebrate VSU's 89th anniversary.

Olegario Pardes Jr. of Ormoc City who was honored as outstanding
farmer-entrepreneur received P20,000 and a plaque. Pardes is into organic
agriculture and plants rice, vegetables, fruit trees, and other crops,
livestock, and cultivates fish.

Ariel Rupa of Palo town was cited as outstanding vegetable farmer and received
P5,000 P5,000 worth of vegetable seeds from East-West Seed Phils., and a plaque.
He is also into fruit production.

"Natural farming is the best method if you want to have good health and a long
life," Rupa said.

His 1.5-hectare farm is teeming with eggplants, pepper, upo, squash, beans,
okra, sweet corn, kangkong, cucumber, broccoli, papaya and avocado.

Part of his farming regimen involves the use of making composts from farm waste
to be used as fertilizers.

Rupa also uses Trichogramma and metarhizium as biocontrol agents which are known
to be effective in eliminating insects and pests.

To sustain the productivity of his farm, he practices the "staggered planting
method," which the United States Department of Agriculture said involves growing
the same vegetable but planting its seeds on different dates. This allows a
farmer to enjoy a longer period of fresh vegetables.

Another awardee is former Third District Provincial Board Member Rowil Batan of
Leyte, Leyte, who won P10,000 worth of livestock feeds and biologics from Univet
Nutrition and Animal Healthcare Co. Batan raises cattle, goats and sheep and his
homemade cheese made from processed goat milk is fast gaining recognition.

Batan keeps himself abreast on updates through Internet, visits to livestock
farms around the country, and technical assistance from the Provincial and
Municipal Agriculture Offices, the Department of Agriculture, Philippine Carabao
Center and VSU.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

VSU cites outstanding farmers in Leyte

LENGTH: 344  words


Three farmers were recognized in this year's Ugmad Search for Outstanding Farmer
Entrepreneurs and Vegetable and Livestock Farmers during the Farmers and
Fisherfolk Day organized by the Visayas State University (VSU) in Leyte.

The event is one of the activities lined up to celebrate VSU's 89th anniversary.

Olegario Pardes Jr. of Ormoc City who was honored as outstanding
farmer-entrepreneur received P20,000 and a plaque. Pardes is into organic
agriculture and plants rice, vegetables, fruit trees, and other crops,
livestock, and cultivates fish.

Ariel Rupa of Palo town was cited as outstanding vegetable farmer and received
P5,000 P5,000 worth of vegetable seeds from East-West Seed Phils., and a plaque.
He is also into fruit production.

"Natural farming is the best method if you want to have good health and a long
life," Rupa said.

His 1.5-hectare farm is teeming with eggplants, pepper, upo, squash, beans,
okra, sweet corn, kangkong, cucumber, broccoli, papaya and avocado.

Part of his farming regimen involves the use of making composts from farm waste
to be used as fertilizers.

Rupa also uses Trichogramma and metarhizium as biocontrol agents which are known
to be effective in eliminating insects and pests.

To sustain the productivity of his farm, he practices the "staggered planting
method," which the United States Department of Agriculture said involves growing
the same vegetable but planting its seeds on different dates. This allows a
farmer to enjoy a longer period of fresh vegetables.

Another awardee is former Third District Provincial Board Member Rowil Batan of
Leyte, Leyte, who won P10,000 worth of livestock feeds and biologics from Univet
Nutrition and Animal Healthcare Co. Batan raises cattle, goats and sheep and his
homemade cheese made from processed goat milk is fast gaining recognition.

Batan keeps himself abreast on updates through Internet, visits to livestock
farms around the country, and technical assistance from the Provincial and
Municipal Agriculture Offices, the Department of Agriculture, Philippine Carabao
Center and VSU.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

VSU cites outstanding farmers in Leyte

BYLINE:  Felix N. Codilla III

LENGTH: 344  words


Three farmers were recognized in this year's Ugmad Search for Outstanding Farmer
Entrepreneurs and Vegetable and Livestock Farmers during the Farmers and
Fisherfolk Day organized by the Visayas State University (VSU) in Leyte.

The event is one of the activities lined up to celebrate VSU's 89th anniversary.

Olegario Pardes Jr. of Ormoc City who was honored as outstanding
farmer-entrepreneur received P20,000 and a plaque. Pardes is into organic
agriculture and plants rice, vegetables, fruit trees, and other crops,
livestock, and cultivates fish.

Ariel Rupa of Palo town was cited as outstanding vegetable farmer and received
P5,000 P5,000 worth of vegetable seeds from East-West Seed Phils., and a plaque.
He is also into fruit production.

"Natural farming is the best method if you want to have good health and a long
life," Rupa said.

His 1.5-hectare farm is teeming with eggplants, pepper, upo, squash, beans,
okra, sweet corn, kangkong, cucumber, broccoli, papaya and avocado.

Part of his farming regimen involves the use of making composts from farm waste
to be used as fertilizers.

Rupa also uses Trichogramma and metarhizium as biocontrol agents which are known
to be effective in eliminating insects and pests.

To sustain the productivity of his farm, he practices the "staggered planting
method," which the United States Department of Agriculture said involves growing
the same vegetable but planting its seeds on different dates. This allows a
farmer to enjoy a longer period of fresh vegetables.

Another awardee is former Third District Provincial Board Member Rowil Batan of
Leyte, Leyte, who won P10,000 worth of livestock feeds and biologics from Univet
Nutrition and Animal Healthcare Co. Batan raises cattle, goats and sheep and his
homemade cheese made from processed goat milk is fast gaining recognition.

Batan keeps himself abreast on updates through Internet, visits to livestock
farms around the country, and technical assistance from the Provincial and
Municipal Agriculture Offices, the Department of Agriculture, Philippine Carabao
Center and VSU.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 20, 1991 Wednesday

Droves of feeder cattle head toward U.S.

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


Canadian Press
  WINNIPEG
 Canadian feeder cattle are being shipped south in droves as Prairie
livestock producers take advantage of strong U.S. prices.

The federal Agriculture Department reports that 45,511 feeders, which
range in size from 400 to 900 pounds, were exported to the United States
between Jan. 1 and Feb. 23 of this year.

That's nearly double the number that went south during the same period
last year.

Anne Dunford, a market analyst with the Canadian Cattlemen's
Association in Calgary, said U.S. buyers are willing to pay more because
U.S. cattle supplies are tight as a result of cow herd reductions in the
1980s.

Last year, 200,000 feeders were shipped south, compared with about
60,000 in 1989.

Free trade has long existed in the beef industry, and cattle will flow
either way depending on market conditions, Ms. Dunford said.

"It's just a matter of  economic! cycles. We imported feeder cattle
into our country back in '86 and '87, so it works both ways."

But some industry representatives are worried by what they see as a
disturbing trend in beef and cattle trade between the two countries.

Over the past few years, Canada has been exporting greater numbers of
live cattle and importing an increasing amount of beef - mainly into
Ontario and Quebec, which are being served by large midwestern U.S.
packers.

As feeders are shipped to the United States, Prairie grain growers lose
a market for their barley, Canadian packing houses lose slaughter and
processing business and workers lose jobs.

"We hate to see that value-added  business! go away," said John Ross,
manager of red meat marketing with the Agriculture Department in Ottawa.

"We'd much prefer to sell them  the Americans! steaks."

Beef imports from the United States rose 27 per cent last year to 143.9
million pounds. By the end of this January, U.S. imports were again up -
although only slightly.

While feeder cattle shipments to the United States are increasing, so
too are exports of slaughter-weight cattle, cows and bulls.

Last year, 450,000 head of slaughter cattle were shipped to U.S.
packing plants. In 1987, 180,000 Canadian slaughter cattle, cows and bulls
went to the United States.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                              June 28, 2009 Sunday

Peru farmer learns American way

BYLINE: By ANDREA JOHNSON Staff Writer Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 384 words


McGILLSTOWN -- Ruben Huaman Quispe spends his days picking onions, zucchini and
dozens of other vegetables and fruit at Landisdale Farm in East Hanover
Township.

Caring for crops on flat Lebanon County land is much different than farming on
the terrain Huaman Quispe is accustomed to at his home in Peru.

"Many kinds of vegetables are here (on one farm), but in Peru, we usually only
grow one kind," the 24-year-old said.

Huaman Quispe left his village of Lares, four hours from the capitol of Cusco,
on the Multinational Exchange for Sustainable Agriculture program. The program
sponsors international farmers to come to the United States for training with
host placements, according to MESAprogram.org.

The fundamental difference between American and Peruvian farming is the use of
machinery, Huaman Quispe said.

"We don't have the technology like the United States," he said.

Most farmers in the mountainous regions of Peru tend to the land by hand.

Huaman Quispe had spent a year, from 2006 to 2007, at Dan Landis' family owned
and operated certified organic farm on Ono Road. He then returned to his village
where his family -- father Eusebio Huaman,  mother Wensislada Quispe and
siblings Fredy, Javier, Hilda and Liuia -- lives for two years to share what he
learned. In April, he returned to Landisdale Farm for another year.

Huaman Guispe said the time spent at Landisdale farm three years ago paid off
because he introduced some people in his village to tomatoes, lettuce, red beets
and garlic.

"They really liked it," Huaman Guispe said. "They told me to come back here and
get more experience."

Most farmers in the villages of Peru grow either corn, potatoes, coffee beans
and cocoa. Huaman Guispe said his father grows corn, but he may want to invest
in coffee beans.

"When I go back to Peru, I can buy a farm," he said. "When you go into the city
at the markets, the money is made on cocoa, coffee beans and bananas."

Though he works a full work week making deliveries, tending to the crops and
selling produce at a Philadelphia market, Huaman Guispe finds time to play
soccer on the fields at Lebanon Valley College in Annville.

AndreaJohnson@LDNews.com

------------

Each Monday in the Lebanon Daily News, "Just Folks" tells the stories of
ordinary people who live, work and play in the Lebanon Valley.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ruben Huaman Quispe explains to a Landisdale Farm tour group how
Peruvian methods of farming differ from the practices in the United States.
Listening is Rachel Landis (center), the farm s Community Supported Agriculture
manager and marketer.
Ruben Huaman Quispe of Peru picks onions at Landisdale Farm in East Hanover
Township, where he will work for the next year as part of an exchange program.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 29, 2004, Saturday

US EXPORTS ON THE INCREASE

BYLINE: FARMING LIFE ER

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 539 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture revised forecast of agricultural
exports for fiscal year 2004 shows sales of $ 61.5 billion (pounds 33.8
billion), an increase of $ 5.3 billion (pounds 2.9 billion) over the previous
year.

This level of sales, if realised, would be the highest ever, eclipsing the old
record of $ 59.8 billion (pounds 32.9 billion) set in fiscal year 1996.

"This latest export sales forecast clearly indicates that our efforts to expand
overseas market opportunities for our farmers and ranchers are working," said
Agriculture Secretary, Ann M Veneman.

"With some of our recent market re-openings and continued strong commodity
prices, we are well on the way to setting a new export sales record.

"Exports to China continue to be a real bright spot for US agriculture," said Ms
Veneman.

"US agricultural exports to China will have more than tripled since their
accession to the World Trade Organization, rising from $ 1.8 billion (pounds 99
million) in 2001, to $ 3.5 billion (pounds 1.9 billion) in 2003, and they are
forecast to reach a record $ 5.9 billion (pounds 3.2 billion) in fiscal year
2004.

"China was our fifth largest agricultural customer last year, and our number-one
market for soybeans, cotton and hides/skins."

Wheat and corn exports are likelyto account for 50 per cent of the annual
increase in agricultural exports.

US wheat is in high demand and is benefiting from reduced competition due to
poor harvests in the European Union, Russia and Ukraine. Corn is experiencing
strong sales growth to Egypt, Colombia, Israel and Korea.

Other commodities benefiting from large sales increases this year include cotton
and horticultural products. Cotton sales are forecast to rise $ 1.5 billion
(pounds 82 million) over last year, to $ 4.2 billion (pounds 2.3 billion).

Cotton farmers are benefiting from strong prices and high global demand.
Horticultural sales are forecast to set a record of $ 13.5 billion (pounds 7.4
billion), with tree nuts and a broad array of processed foods accounting for
two-thirds of the overall gain.

Horticultural exports to Canada and Mexico remain strong, sales to Europe of
selected products are brisk, and exports to several Asian countries are rising
sharply.

The 2004 forecast of livestock and livestock products of $ 7 billion (pounds 3.8
billion) is $ 1 billion (pounds 55 million) higher than the February level.

This increase is due to high beef, pork and poultry prices and also the
Department's efforts to reopen some key beef and poultry markets that were
closed following findings of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy and Avian
Influenza. Livestock exports in fiscal year 2003 totaled $ 9 billion (pounds 4.9
billion).

Imports, forecast at $ 51.5 billion (pounds 28.3 billion) for 2004, are $ 5.8
billion (pounds 3.1 billion) higher than last year resulting in an agricultural
trade surplus of $ 10 billion (pounds 5.5 billion).

As they have for the past three decades, horticultural imports continue to rise,
accounting for about half of the overall import gain.

Offseason demand for fresh products and competitive prices are driving the
long-term growth in imported fruits and vegetables.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 17, 2010

State could see record corn, soybean, sugarbeet crops

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 309  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has forecasted that the 2010 corn and soybean
crops look to be record-breakers, both nationwide and in Minnesota.

Minnesota's corn yields are forecast at 178 bushels an acre, topping last year's
yield record by four bushels an acre. Total Minnesota com production is forecast
at 1.246 billion bushels, which would inch ahead of last year's record. The
state has been blessed with extraordinary growing weather this summer.

Nationally, corn yields are forecast at 165 bushels an acre, also a record.
Total U.S. corn production is 13.3 bil-lion bushels, another record. Then again,
harvest is still more than a month away, and an early frost could dramatically
change the picture.

In most years, a forecast of a record crop is at best a mixed blessing, because
a huge harvest can suffocate markets with too much grain and hurt farmers with
ruinous prices. Not this year., Crop prices remain strong, as weather problems
in key grain-producing countries have made folks welcome every bushel.

Rural areas, too. A huge crop at a good price would be a welcome economic lift
all across the state, and throughout the rural Midwest.

Soybeans, too, look to be heading toward a record harvest. Nationally, USDA is
forecasting a record 3.43 billion U.S. soybean crop, and estimated nationwide
yields at 44 bushels an acre, equal to last year's record.

In Minnesota, the soybean crop looks enormous, forecast at 326 million bushels,
well ahead of all previous harvests. Yields were pegged at 44 bushels an acre,
one bushel an acre below the record.

Minnesota's ideal summer weather was reflected by USDA's state field office. It
issued a news release headlined, "Minnesota corn, soybeans, sugarbeets, dry
beans to break records."

Minnesota sugarbeet yields are estimated at 27 tons an acre, which would be a
record, up 3.3 tons from last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Ortonville Independent


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Greybull Standard (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 18, 2010

Agriculture in Big Horn County

BYLINE: by dallen smith

LENGTH: 481  words


This is agriculture week and my hat goes off to all the agriculture producers in
Big Horn County. Roughly 58 percent of the counties income comes from
agriculture. We have 621 farms in the county and crop sales make up $24.6
million, with livestock sales $27.2 million with a combined total of $51.8
million. We rank second in the state for sugar beet production, corn for silage
and colonies of bees. We rank third in the state for barley for grain, horses
and ponies and hogs and pigs. We have some great farmers in our county that work
hard to produce crops in this arid climate through the use of irrigation. We
also have many companies and co-ops that supply seed, fertilizer, fuel and other
necessary inputs that make agriculture production possible in this county.

Agriculture production has come a-long way in the last 100 years. Average corn
production in the United States in 1900 was 20 bushel to the acre. Today the
average corn production is 160 bushel to the acre and some producers in Iowa are
producing 300 bushel to the acre. This has come through many technologies
including cross breading of corn, fertilizer, Roundup Ready crops. Machinery has
also become more efficient. Agriculture on a whole has become more efficient
through the use of technology on one hand. Some livestock producers have become
more efficient through grazing crop aftermath and wintering on windrowed crops,
which you could call less technology. Ranchers and farmers are great at adopting
those technologies that will work on their operations. It is because of the good
farming and ranching practices of this country that we spend less of our
disposable income on food than any other country. Ten percent of our disposable
income goes for food while in third world countries like Indonesia spends 45
percent of their income on food.

Upcoming events

At 7 p.m. tonight (Thursday) there will be a meeting to discuss current
livestock issues. Also, Steve Paisley the Livestock Specialist from University
of Wyoming will be coming to demonstrate how to use CowBytes, a feedlot
balancing ration that he highly recommends for the use in feedlots.

National Ag week is this week March 14-20. Take the opportunity to thank an ag
producer you know. National Ag Day is March 20 so our annual Ag Expo will be
from 9 a.m. to noon this Friday for all third and fourth grade students at the
Basin Fairgrounds.

University of Wyoming Cooperative Extension Big Horn County is putting on an
Enterprise Budget Workshop for farmers and ranchers. John Hewett will be coming
from Laramie and bringing 10 laptops. There will be a short presentation and
then into work sessions on the computers doing the actual enterprise budgets.
The Workshop will be from. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday, March 31, at the Big
Horn County Weed and Pest building 4782 Hwy 310, Greybull.

Call the Extension Office at 765-2868 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYB

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 Greybull Standard


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                           September 17, 1989 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

ORGANIC FARMING TAKING OFF ACROSS THE WORLD

BYLINE: Neil Inall

SECTION: REAL AUSTRALIA; Pg. 112

LENGTH: 246 words


IF you can believe all you read, then organic farming is set to take off in a
big way in the United States.

Last week, a front page article appeared in the New York Times with headlines
trumpeting "Science Academy recommends resumption of natural farming" and
"Subsidies found to encourage chemical overuse".

A similar article also appeared in a Sydney newspaper under the headline, "Green
revolution hits US farming".

The story said the American National Academy of Sciences claimed chemical
fertilisers and insecticides no longer guaranteed farmers better crop yields
than if they used organic methods.

It also quotes the US Department of Agriculture saying the findings of the
Alternative Agriculture report would powerfully influence next year's Farm Bill
and change the structure of the American government's billion dollar farm
subsidy program.

But according to the American Agricultural Attache in Canberra, Mr Jim Parker,
much of the article is overstated. He said many farmers simply have no rotation
alternatives because of the climate.

Also, he said organic farming has already been widely adopted by many farmers in
the US and so the idea that the technique can produce better yields is nothing
new.

And, Mr Parker said it is unlikely the academy's report will have any influence,
let alone a powerful one, over next year's Farm Bill which has been largely
completed.

The NSW Department of Agriculture is already moving towards greater recognition
of organic farming methods.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: A student farmer at Leeton tends to her wheat crop.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 29, 2009 Sunday

growing concern?

BYLINE: BEKAH PORTER * TH staff writer/bporter@wcinet.com

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 551 words


Corn America's farmers are expected to plant about 86 million acres of corn.
However, with 2 billion of the nation's 12.4-billion-gallon ethanol capacity
being idled through the 2009-10 marketing year, planting projections for this
crop could prove volatile in coming weeks. Soybeans The nation's soybean farmers
are expected to set records this year with about 77 million acres of crops,
besting numbers in both plantings and yields.

Soybean ending stocks are expected to grow to 380 million bushels with a season
average price of $8 per bushel. Wheat Wheat production is projected to be the
second highest on record, although the season average price for wheat is
anticipated to be $5.15 per bushel, down $1.65 per bushel from last year. Cotton
Cotton production is anticipated to be the lowest since 1983, with experts
projecting only 8.5 million acres will be planted. Livestock According to the
United States Department of Agriculture, beef and pork production are projected
each be down 1-2 percent compared with 2008's numbers. Dairy cow numbers also
are expected to drop by the second quarter of 2009. Each spring, farmers deposit
seed after seed in the fields. With each seed planted, another dollar is spent.
This year, the ritual returns. Farmers have taken to their sheds, preparing
their equipment for the looming planting season. But as they work, the numbers
nag. According to early estimates from the United States Department of
Agriculture, planting could prove grim in 2009. Major crops plantings are
expected to decline, with only 247.6 million acres anticipated to be planted for
the eight major field crops - corn, sorghum, barley, oats, wheat, rice, upland
cotton and soybeans. But the crop creating the most conversation is corn. The
Farm Journal says that the demand for corn could drop as the ethanol industry
continues to lag. About 2 billion gallons of the alternative fuel has been idled
following several company closings, and as much as 15 percent of ethanol
production capacity could stall during the 2009-10 marketing year. Yet, much of
the Midwest lingers in limbo. Although USDA officials have discussed some
planting projections, the agency's official report comes out later this week. "I
think the people who use the numbers more are the grain traders," said Roger
Elmore, Agronomy Extension Corn Specialist with Iowa State University. "They are
doing the same questioning the farmers are - what if yields go down 5 percent
and the price per bushel goes up 10 percent? They are wrestling with the same
things farmers are, but they are doing it from an office in Chicago or Kansas
City, and then they are trying to buy or sell." Farmers still follow the
reports, Elmore said, as they prepare to plant. "How they plant comes down to
the economics," he said. The estimated costs of seeds, equipment repair,
fertilizer and other factors influence the ultimate decision. "But regardless,
people are still going to plant corn," Elmore said. No matter what the numbers
say, farmers have to make a decision. "Right now, the farmer is getting ready to
plant. The seed is probably already in hand, and they are getting nitrogen on
the fields," Elmore said. "But assumptions can change tomorrow. There comes a
point when you have to stop looking at those numbers and just go for it."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            August 23, 2003 Saturday
                           The Daily Journal Edition

Resident travels for agriculture

BYLINE: MELANIE PARKS - CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: Edgewater


Resident Jodi Geiger, an agriculture science teacher at Pine Ridge High School,
has returned from a tour of Switzerland. Jodi was awarded the trip to the land
of the Matterhorn as a result of being named the first National Agriculture
Teacher of the Year to also be named the National Syngenta Advocate for
Agriculture Education. Syngenta Co. is an international agribusiness. In
Switzerland, Jodi visited local farms, including dairy operations, vineyards,
fruit orchards, grain producers and cheese factories. She also toured the
Syngenta Co.s global headquarters in Basal and met with the Swiss Minister of
Agriculture. Jodi will continue to travel across the United States to promote
agriculture education. Her reign as advocate willin December in Orlando when her
successor is named.

YARD SALE

There will be lots of treasures at a yard sale today at 120 Evergreen Ave., next
to the Sea Treasure Restaurant. The sale is sponsored by American Legion Post
285.

ON LEAVE

William Billy Talbott was home on leave recently from the Navy and enjoyed a
visit with his mother, Suzy Talbott, and his grandmother, Susan Keenan. Billy
joined the Navy in December, and this was his first trip home. In May, he
graduated from Basic Hospital Corps School. In October, he will transfer to Camp
LeJuene, N.C., where he will train with the Marine Corps. He is a 2002 graduate
of New Smyrna Beach High School.

PICNIC

Tickets remain for the Florida Shores Property Owner Associations Labor Day
picnic at noon Sept. 1 at the groups clubhouse, 2932 Lime Tree Drive. Tickets,
$3 for members and $5 for non-members, are available by calling Sharon Heddings,
(386) 428-1734.

BLOOD DRIVE

A blood drive will be from 1 to 3 p.m. Tuesday at Bert Fish Medical Center, 239
N. Ridgewood Ave. For information, call Renee Main, (386) 427-8993.

CONDOLENCES

Sympathy is extended to the family of Kay Lee, Air Park Road, who died Aug. 15.
Kay was, for many years, an export secretary for Tropical Blossom Honey and was
past president of the American Business Womens Association and a member of the
Edgewater Rotary Wives Club. The family suggests memorial donations be made in
her honor to Edgewater Rotary Scholarship Fund, 1853 Guava Drive, Edgewater, FL
32141 or the Boggy Creek Gang Camp, 30500 Brantley Branch Road, Eustis, FL
32736.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Edgewater resident Jodi Geiger views icy vistas in Switzerland
as a representative for agriculture education.

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 17, 1979 Tuesday

7% increase forecast   in soybean acreage

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 148 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON (DJ) - The U.S. Agriculture Department said farmers have told
 it they expect to plant about 1 per cent fewer acres of corn this year
 than they did in 1978.

The 1979 corn acreage is expected to total 79.2 million acres.
 However, farmers are planning to plant 68.8 million acres of soybeans, 7
 per cent more than last year.

Corn and soybeans can often be grown on the same land and agriculture
 analysts have expected an increase in soybean plantings because soybean
 prices have been rising.
  Food grain acreage for 1979, which includes wheat, rice and rye, is
 expected to be about 76.7 million acres, up 6 per cent from last year.

Acreage planted in feed grains, including corn, sorghum, oats and
 barley, is expected to total 119 million acres, down 3 per cent from
 1978. The department's survey of farmers included responses from 44,000
 growers who made their estimates about April 1.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 31, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Farm Prices Unchanged

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 256 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 30


Prices paid to farmers for their goods remained unchanged from November to
December, the Agriculture Department said today. Last month, farm prices fell
1.4 percent for the month.

December price gains from November for tomatoes, corn, wheat and strawberries
offset declines for oranges, hogs, cattle and lemons.

Compared with December 1992, prices paid to farmers were 5.1 percent higher.
Increases for corn, soybeans, milk and sorghum offset declines for cattle,
lettuce, apples and hogs.

Corn prices rose 6.1 percent to $2.60 a bushel in December, leading other feed
grains higher as additional exports to Russia pushed up prices, the Government
said.

Vegetable prices showed the steepest increase, up 12 percent from November but
down 6.5 percent from a year ago.

Good demand and short supplies caused a 60 percent increase in tomato prices
from November. The price per hundredweight rose to $48.70 in December from
$30.60 in November. The December 1992 price was $39.50.

Fruit prices, including citrus, showed the sharpest drop, down 9.8 percent from
November but up 2.5 percent from a year earlier.

Seasonally increasing supplies of lemons and oranges caused prices for both to
drop. Oranges were $3.95 a box, compared with $5.25 the month before and $2.85 a
year earlier. Lemons were $4.25 a box, compared with $8.91 in November and $3.02
a year earlier.

Livestock prices fell 1.3 percent from last month, as cattle prices fell to
$68.60 per hundredweight from $69.30, and hog prices fell to $41 from $42.80.


LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 13, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

MIXED TAX EFFECT ON FARMING

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 10, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 882 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 12


Farm economists across the country predicted today that many of the nation's
600,000 commercial family farmers, particularly those producing milk, hogs and
crops grown in orchards, might benefit from the tax-revision bill approved last
week by the Senate Finance Committee.

At the same time, the economists said, companies that build new dairies and
hog-operation facilities, as well as farm machinery manufacturers, are likely to
be losers as a result of the bill, which eliminates many of the tax incentives
and loopholes that attracted urban and nonfarm investors to agriculture in
recent years.

In farming, one person's loss is often another's gain. Family farmers attribute
the drop in farm incomes to continuing surpluses of most major commodities. The
surpluses, they argue, have been caused partly by new investment from
individuals and companies in search of tax benefits. This has been a key
political issue for agriculture in recent years.

Comment by Weidenbaum

''A lot of people forget that agriculture is the most capital-intensive portion
of the economy,'' said Murray L. Weidenbaum, director of the Center for the
Study of American Business in St. Louis and former chairman of the Council of
Economic Advisers.

''Farming is generally a low-profit, high-capital industry and is just the sort
of business that could be hurt by the new tax bill. An awful lot of urban money
goes into agriculture, and the bill has the potential to dry some of that
capital up.''

Last year, according to the Agriculture Department, the total investment in farm
equipment, buildings and vehicles was roughly $12 billion, down from a peak of
$19.9 billion in 1979. Economists said the investment could have been lower if
incentives -such as the ability to depreciate farm buildings and equipment over
five years, the 10 percent investment tax credit and provisions to allow anybody
who owns a farm to write off farm losses - had not attracted urban professionals
to agriculture.

Where the Money Is Spent

Farm investment experts point out that the tax incentives have helped farmers
and food production companies build hundreds of mechanized dairies,
climate-controlled hog production sheds and state-of-the-art poultry houses.

For instance, the incentives have lured Manhattan lawyers, physicians and
stockbrokers into investing in apple orchards along the Hudson River in upstate
New York and Angus cattle breeding farms in western Connecticut. Thousands of
acres of citrus groves have been planted in Florida and almost as many acres of
almonds, walnuts and pistachios in California.

This new investment, according to economists, has helped diversify American
agriculture while keeping food supplies plentiful and prices low. The loss of
outside investment, they add, could lead to lower supplies of some commodities,
particularly some livestock products, and put upward pressure on prices.

Perils of Overproduction

''This is one consideration that we have to keep in mind,'' said Earl Fuller, an
agricultural economist at the University of Minnesota. ''We don't want our
agricultural sector to become noncompetitive.''

Economists working for several of the country's more prominent rural activist
groups, however, insist that tax incentives have hurt commercial family farmers.
The incentives encouraged overproduction, particularly in highly capitalized
sectors such as livestock production, and contributed to low prices and
declining farm incomes. The result, they say, has been a lingering depression
across great stretches of the West, Middle West and South.

''Eliminating tax shelters would reduce the tax-motivated investment that has
contributed to the surpluses now smothering prices,'' said Chuck Hassebrook, a
tax policy analyst with the Center for Rural Affairs in Walthill, Neb.

Other Effects of Changes

He said elimination of the loopholes and incentives also might benefit
taxpayers. On the one hand, he said, the Government seeks to reduce farm
production by paying farmers not to grow many major commodities. On the other
hand, the Government, through its tax code, has encouraged the production of key
commodities.

By removing the tax incentives, the production of these commodities, which has
been steadily rising, may stabilize. The costs of the Government program for
price and income support payments, which have been soaring, may also stabilize.

''The best example is in milk,'' Mr. Hassebrook said. ''Right now the Government
is paying farmers to get out of the business of producing milk. At the same
time, through a special tax break, the Government provides as much as $417 a
head for high-income taxpayers to establish new dairies.''

In California, farm management companies have focused much investment on fruit
and nut production. The Senate Finance Committee's bill may alter investor
interest in orchards, where reaching full production often takes more than six
years and where investors have been able to write off substantial losses as a
result.

''Most of our investors don't put their money into our development projects just
for a write-off,'' said Jim Maxwell, chief operating officer of Pacific
Agricultural Services Inc., a farm development company in Fresno. ''But we'll
probably lose a few of those who do.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   September 12, 1988, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

U.S. drought threatens sales of Canadian grass seed

BYLINE: Frances Phillips

SECTION: SECTION 1; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 284 words


  This year's drought could trigger massive cuts in Canadian grass seed exports
as less U.S. farmland is set aside for forage crops.

Since the ''set-aside'' program was established in 1982 to reduce crop acreages
in oversupplied commodities, Canadian grass exports have increased 258%. Sales
of Canadian grass seeds, clovers and alfalfa to U.S. farmers totaled $61 million
last year.

''For the past seven years the U.S. has been our biggest export customer. It's a
pretty consistent market, but subject to government programs,'' said Fraser
Rempel, president of Newfield Seeds Ltd. from his office in Nippewan, Sask.

Since 1982, more than 47 million acres of wheat, corn, sorghum, barley and oats
in the U.S. have been converted to alfalfa, clover and hay. Farmers taking land
out of production can claim a minimum price on the grains and livestock feeds
they harvest on remaining land.

But when national annual crop yields fall below a designated benchmark (a
billion bushels for wheat) parcels of set-aside land are automatically brought
back into production.

With this year's U.S. wheat crop expected to yield a disappointing 600 million
bushels, the U.S. Department of Agriculture is prepared to release 10,000 acres
for wheat from next year's set-aside program.

A decision on corn, sorghum, barley and oats is expected next month.
Conservative estimates put the 1988 corn crop at 1.5 billion bushels, way below
the two-billion-bushel minimum level required to keep the set-aside program
intact.

Canadian seeds exported to the U.S. are grown on the Prairies, and sold by the
three Prairie pools, United Grain Growers in Winnipeg and two Ontario merchants.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Anson ranks 19th among top U.S. farming counties

BYLINE: Abby Cavenaugh, The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Sept. 17--A recent study by Farm Futures has ranked Anson County as the 19th
best place to farm in the U.S., among more than 3,000 counties.

Farm Futures uses Census of Agriculture data to "calculate financial ratios and
performance for more than 3,000 counties across the country," according to
website http://farmprogress.com/.

"To develop our latest rankings of Best Places to Farm, we analyzed ag census
data from 2002, 2007 and 2012 to calculate countywide financial performance,
including return on assets, profit margin, asset turnover and average net farm
income," a story on the website reads. "Our rankings are based on the same
measures used in other industries: profitability, financial efficiency, and
growth."

The study ranked Yuma County, Ariz., as the top county in the nation for
agriculture. Of North Carolina's 100 counties, only Bladen and Hertford counties
ranked higher than Anson, at 10th and 11th, respectively.

The ranking came as no surprise to Janine Rywak, director of the Anson County
Cooperative Extension Service. Anson's No. 19 spot is "a testament to the
ingenuity of our producers, support from the local community, and Anson County
smarts," she said.

"It's good farming land," said Bobby Sikes, county commissioner and row crop
farmer. "We have very diverse crops here. There are all kinds of agriculture,
from livestock, soybeans, corn, chickens, and so on. Pretty much anything you
want to farm, you can do here in Anson County."

Sikes also touted Anson County's mild climate as a boon for agriculture. "It
doesn't get too cold or too hot for our livestock and crops," he said.

Roddy Purser, who farms livestock and row crops, agreed that Anson County's
environment is what makes it conducive to agriculture. "I think the land
availability and resources of our land are what makes Anson County an attractive
place to farm," he said. "That's probably our biggest asset."

Purser has been farming since 1997, and actually started the family farm, which
now employs his brother and his mother-in-law and father-in-law.

Livestock farmer Bruce Shankle has one of the largest and oldest Angus herds in
the state, and is carrying on his family's agriculture-rich tradition. "I've
been farming since I was born," he said. "My daddy did row crops and cows. My
granddaddy farmed."

Shankle said he thinks of Anson as "a farming county."

"We're not industrial, we're not metropolitan," he said. "We don't have to deal
with many non-agriculture people. We're getting to where the majority of the
United States and North Carolina don't understand where their food comes from.
People in Anson County know where their food comes from and they can appreciate
that."

Shankle explained that many people don't understand agriculture, and tend to
think of tractors, chicken houses and the like as nuisances, rather than as
economic tools.

"Anson County does not look at farmers scornfully and that helps," he said.

Purser reiterated that point. "Anson County tends to be very farm-friendly," he
said. "The community understands that along with the romantic idea of farming,
there also tends to be the smells and getting behind slow-moving equipment on
the highway. For the most part, Anson County tends to be more understanding
about those things than some communities."

The full story on the study and its implications for the rest of the nation can
be found at:
http://farmprogress.com/story-exclusive-study-best-places-farm-0-117188-nl_26_nl
r_97.

___ (c)2014 The Anson Record (Wadesboro, N.C.) Visit The Anson Record
(Wadesboro, N.C.) at www.ansonrecord.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140917-1AN-Anson-ranks-19th-among-top-U-S-farming
-counties-0917-20140917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AN


                Copyright 2014 The Anson Record, Wadesboro, N.C.


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                              May 20, 2005, Friday

BSE scare costs Canada

BYLINE: CRONSHAW Tim

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 8; FARMING; C

LENGTH: 554 words


New Zealand's beef exports could strengthen because attempts by Canada to open
its borders -- closed by mad-cow disease -- have been tied up in the courts.

The Canadian publisher of Charolais Banner, Helge By, told farmers at a beef
field day in Methven that sound science had been overruled by the United States
justice system.

He said the United States Department of Agriculture was due last March to rule
that the border should be opened to live feeder and slaughter cattle aged under
30 months and for more meat products containing bone.

A small group of vocal protectionist ranchers in the northern United States,
however, successfully won over the judge to stop the ruling. By said that
lobbyists on both sides of the issue now wanted their day in court.

"The more media attention this gets the longer it is going to take the Asian
consumer to feel confident in our product. I only see countries like New Zealand
increasing their exports to these countries."

The Canadian livestock industry is estimated to have lost $ CAN7 billion ($
NZ7.7 billion) in two years since the discovery of the disease, known as bovine
spongiform encephalopathy (BSE).

Canada found a BSE cow in the mid-1980s traced to England, but its export woes
began with a cow born in Canada found with the disease in 2003 and a second case
later that year found in the United States with a Canadian tag.

The country has had to weather a backlog of mainly older stock, with slaughter
cows dropping from about $ 1.30 ($ NZ1.43) per kilogram liveweight to 20 cents
(NZ22c). Today, these still only fetch about 60c to 70c/kg (NZ66c to 77c).

"What we call canner cows or thin older cows dropped to nothing, with farmers
making a game of who paid the least," said By. "I saw cheques where producers
received less than $ 1 for a cow."

He said Canadians believe the arrival of BSE could be traced to cattle coming
from Britain. Although Canada and the US halted live imports from Britain in
1989 and stopped allowing the feeding of bovine protein to cows in 1998, a cow
with BSE is believed to have been rendered and fed before the deadlines because
all cases could be tracked to the same area and possible feed, he said.

By said Canada's main goal was to become self sufficient in slaughter capacity
and to keep on working to reopen export markets around the world.

He said Canada was the first country to have an increase in beef consumption
after finding BSE

"We were very open with consumers. We let them know all the safeguards in place
to keep meat from an infected animal from ever reaching the food chain."

Canada has run a national identification programme since 2001, with bar codes
later replaced by radio frequency identification tags and readers.

By said Canada's future would be more efficient and safer as a result of its ID
programme.

He said the second case of the disease luckily had a Canadian tag and proved to
the world that the programme would work.

"The reason I say luckily is that the US has no national ID system and I believe
we would not be as far down the road to getting our export markets reopened had
it not been traceable."

By said New Zealand could carry on trading if there was an outbreak on one
island as long as it had an ID system which could prove that it was contained.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. BILL FLORES OF TEXAS IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2014

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Speech:

Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following.

Whereas, The United States House of Representatives recognizes the delegation of
the National Cereal Producers Association of Poland; and

Whereas, The twenty-eight members in the delegation of the Polish farmers and
representatives of agricultural producer organizations to include the Polish
Association of Cereals Producers, the Polish Agro-Business Club, the Polish
Federation of Cattle Breeders and Milk Producers Zamojskie Agriculture
Association are actively involved as agricultural leaders in Poland; and

Whereas, The Polish delegation's mission is to study Texas agriculture and oil &
gas industries working in tandem in a safe and healthy environment making Texas
the 11th largest economy in the world; and

Whereas, The goals of the program are to provide insight and educational
information into United States agriculture and oil & gas industries, identify
potential investments, enhance export and import opportunities and

[Page: E283] GPO's PDF

continue to build strong Texas/US and Poland/EU relationships; and

Whereas, The areas of study and business opportunities will include crops such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, canola and vegetables; livestock to include cattle,
horses, poultry and dairy; policies to include the farm bill, taxation,
environmental regulation and tort reform; and the new technologies and
production practices with oil & gas especially, shale gas; and

Whereas, The agricultural leaders from the National Cereal Producers Association
of Poland represent Polish landowners and all sectors of Polish agriculture and
will visit Lubbock, Amarillo, San Antonio, Panna Maria, Austin, College
Station/Bryan, Brenham, Anderson, Chappell Hill, East Bernard and Houston, Texas
during a two week span; the delegation will learn firsthand the diversity of
Texas to include rainfall, agriculture and oil & gas production practices,
temperature, soils, size and distance, population densities, infrastructure,
ethnic groups and the various economic industries; and

Whereas, The delegation of the Polish farmers and representatives of
agricultural producer organizations are devoting their time and finances to
explore Texas Agriculture and Oil & Gas from production to transportation to
processing to storage to marketing to selling commodities while studying the
issues facing Texas and the United States of America while discovering fertile
opportunities to enhance business and personal relationships between Poland and
Texas; they deserve recognition for their initiative and motivation to explore
new opportunities to enhance food and energy production for all; and therefore,
be it

Resolved, That the United States House of Representatives:

Congratulates the members of the Polish farmers and representatives of
agricultural producer organizations on their involvement and participation in
the agriculture industries of Poland with interest in the Texas agriculture and
oil & gas industries and extend best wishes and prosperity for the future.


For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 13, 2000 Friday

United States

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; WHAT'S NEWS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 72 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture trimmed its estimates of American crops of
cotton, peanut, corn and soybeans to reflect a lingering drought across parts of
the U.S. Southeast and Great Plains. Its monthly crop report said the drought
has forced farmers from Colorado to Alabama to abandon crops on roughly one
million acres. The drought has barely singed the Midwest, where farmers are
harvesting record-large corn and soybean crops.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               February 20, 2013

American Farmer Sets for Rice Farming in Taraba

BYLINE: Itodo Daniel Sule

LENGTH: 650 words

DATELINE: Jalingo


An American farmer, Calvin Burgess of Guthrie, Oklahoma, owner of Dominion Rice
and Integrated Farms Limited, is set to begin a large scale mechanised rice
farming in Taraba State beginning this year's farming season.

Calvin, who is an experienced American rice farmer, had last year acquired
massive farmland of about 30, 000 hectares to begin mechanised rice farming in
the low land part of the state, close to Rivers Benue and Taraba.

Permanent Secretary in the Taraba State Ministry of Agriculture, Ifaimu Irimiya
Kifasi gave the hint after an inspection tour to the farm located in Gassol
Local Government Area of the state to ascertain the level of preparation for
full farming activities in the place.

He expressed optimism that with the level of preparations he saw at the farm,
full farming activities will begin at the farm by this year's farming season,
adding, "His intention was to start the farm this January but for the delay in
clearing some of his farm equipment at the port," he said.

According to him, about nine truck loads of farm machineries have already been
brought to the farm while others are still awaiting clearance at the port,
saying construction of farm houses are ongoing at the farm preparatory to the
commencement of full farming activities, adding that the state and the nation at
large stand to benefit maximally once the farm becomes operational.

Mr Irimiya pledged the support and commitment of the Taraba State government in
ensuring that the large scale rice farming investment becomes a success in the
state.

He said that the state government has awarded contract for construction of the
road stretch leading to the Dominion Rice and Integrated Farms to guarantee easy
access to the farm.

On his part, the Emir of Gassol, Alhaji Idris Ciroma said the farm will boost
the economic activities of the community as well as empower people in the area,
promising to meet with the state's acting governor, Alhaji Garba Umar to discuss
with him on how to ensure the farm becomes a huge success.

He said over 30 visitors have come to the community which has been hitherto
relatively unknown as a result of the presence of the farm in the area.

It would be recalled that the Federal Government through the Federal Ministry of
Agriculture and Rural Development had last year in Abuja, signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) with Taraba State Government and Dominion Rice Integrated
Farms Limited on the proposed 30,000 hectares rice project in the State.

The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwunmi Adesina in a
release issued Abuja by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr. Haruna Mathew then
said the MoU was a culmination of investment drive in the Agricultural
Transformation Agenda (ATA), by directly building on Mr. President's
Transformation Agenda.

"Adjacent to Taraba River, the rice project will be fully irrigated and capable
of producing 2.4 crop cycles per year. This farm, when completed, will require
up to 15,000 well trained men and women working daily. Approximately 90 per cent
of the land will be operated with contract farmers with the remainder utilised
as a corporate farm and for educational training purposes by the lead investor,
Dominion Farms," the statement read in part.

Approximately 300,000 tonnes of rice will be produced annually for the Nigerian
marketplace, which now imports as much as 2 million tonnes of rice annually,
thereby offsetting 15 per cent of imports, the release added.

Dominion Rice and Integrated Farms is the sister company of Dominion Farms
Limited of Kenya, where it is the largest producer of rice in that nation. This
is a fully integrated farm which begins with high quality certified seed
production, production of crops, all the way through to processing and marketing
of the final products including packaged milled rice, cereals, and animal feeds.
The products are expected to meet global standards.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 27, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

BIG FARMS TO GET HUGE U.S. SUBSIDIES

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 19, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 883 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 26


A single California farming operation will collect $20 million in Federal
subsidies this year, one of many multimillion-dollar payments the Government is
expected to make in the struggle for the United States to regain its former
dominance in farm exports.

''Multimillion-dollar payments in rice and cotton will not be uncommon,'' Robert
Thompson, the Agriculture Department's chief economist, said recently. ''It will
get obscene.''

Representative Tony Coelho, Democrat of California, a member of the House
Agriculture Committee, which helped write the law, said: ''They're going to be
big, and very controversial. We knew that when we did this. But the only way to
turn it around is to get these big guys cooperating so we can help the family
farmer as well.''

Analysts estimate the Government will pay more than $30 billion in farm aid for
the fiscal year 1986.

The apparent top recipient of subsidies under the new farm law is an agriculture
business giant, the J. G. Boswell Company, which grows more than 62,000 acres of
cotton and 30,000 acres of wheat in the San Joaquin Valley near Fresno, Calif.

Figures computed by the Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service, the
Agriculture Department's subsidy arm, show that Boswell will collect nearly
$10.4 million in payments on those crops, based on current prices.

'It's Going to Hit $20 Million'

In addition, the operation may receive that much or more as the marketing
handler for its own cotton, said Bob Crockett, a crop program specialist for the
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service in California, at
Sacramento. ''It's going to hit $20 million, that's what we figure,'' he said.

Wes McAden, Boswell's Washington lobbyist, said economic uncertainty forced the
farm to accept payments.

''It's mandatory economically,'' Mr. McAden said. ''You don't know where the
market's going. The only uncertainty is how low it's going.''

In recent years, Boswell has refrained from participating in Federal crop
programs.

This year's subsidy payments promise to dwarf those made under the $10 billion
program in 1983, which caused a public outcry and damaged the credibility of
farm programs. $9 Million for Dairy Farm Another farming operation in Kings
County, Calif., Salyer American, will collect nearly $3.4 million on its 28,000
acres of cotton, the agriculture agency said. Large payments are certain to go
to other growers of cotton, rice, wheat, corn and milk in major producing areas
because of new provisions in the 1985 farm law.

One large dairy producer, Gerrit Degraaf of Riverside County, Calif., will
receive $9.8 million under a Federal subsidy to encourage dairy herd slaughter.
Joe E. Gonsalves of Kings County will be paid $8 million to get out of the dairy
business, figures from the agency show.

As in 1983, the size of the payments is likely to bring calls for changes in the
farm law, which is designed as a long-term program to restore slumping export
sales by lowering prices.

''It's going to be a publicity disaster,'' said Representative Pat Roberts,
Republican of Kansas, a member of the House Agriculture Committee. ''We're in
danger of trashing this program before it's had a chance to work.''

The law producing the huge payments was drafted a year ago in a growing
atmosphere of despair over the decline in United States agriculture exports.
From a high of $43.8 billion in 1981, overseas sales have slumped and are
expected to be $27.5 billion this year. In May the nation suffered its first
one-month farm trade deficit in nearly 30 years.

Huge Subsidies Built In

Congress decided to cut prices to attract customers. But to soften the impact
lower prices would have on farmers, suffering their worst economic times since
the Depression, the lawmakers built in huge subsidies.

In past years individual subsidy payments have been limited by a $50,000 ceiling
to any single producer. The new law creates numerous intentional exceptions to
the payment limit, however.

For example, cotton and rice farmers may continue to borrow from the Government
at harvest time to pay their bills while they wait to sell their crops. But
instead of paying back the full amount of the loan, they need only pay back what
the crops bring on the market. The farmer simply pockets the difference,
expected to be roughly half the loan in the case of rice and about 20 percent
for cotton.

For wheat and corn growers, a portion of their income subsidy payment under the
new law is exempt from the payment limit. And a growing number of subsidized
farmers are splitting up their farms into smaller units, frequently parceling
them out among family members or other partners, to collect multiple subsidy
checks of $50,000.

Program Once Cost $4 Billion

In return for the income guarantees, farmers must agree to cut the amount of
acreage they plant, by 25 percent for cotton, 35 percent for rice, in an attempt
to curtail production.

Even the Government's official estimate of the cost of the farm program is $26
billion, which would be a record. Just a few years ago the cost of farm programs
hovered at about $4 billion a year.

But almost no farmers, particularly the big operators, can afford to stay out of
the Government crop program because of the uncertainty of prices.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 1, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

PRICES PAID FOR CROPS FALL 0.7%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 2; Page 32, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 31


Prices paid to farmers for raw products fell seven-tenths of 1 percent in July
from the month before but still averaged 4.4 percent higher than a year ago, the
Agriculture Department said today.

Lower prices for cattle, oranges, wheat, barley and hay led the decline in the
price index from June, the department's Crop Reporting Board said. But this
decline was partly offset by higher prices for hogs, tobacco, potatoes, broilers
and lettuce.

The report also revised earlier estimates to show that overall prices remained
unchanged in June. The preliminary figures, issued a month ago, showed a decline
of seven-tenths of 1 percent from May.

Farm prices rose slightly last January. Since then, they have held steady in
three months and declined in three.  Meanwhile, the prices farmers pay to meet
expenses held steady in July but averaged 8.6 percent from a year ago. Higher
prices for motor supplies and family living items were offset by declines for
many feed products and replacement cattle and hogs.

Decline for Meat Animals

According to the preliminary July figures - which are based mostly on mid-month
averages - prices of meat animals as a group declined 1.9 percent from June. The
index was 2.5 percent below the level of July 1980.

Prices of food grains as a group, including wheat and rice, dropped 3.7 percent
from June. The index was down 4.3 percent from a year ago.

The July index for feed grains and hay declined 1.3 percent from June but
averaged 11 percent above its July 1980 level.  Vegetable prices at the farm
rose 7.6 percent from June but were 13 percent below a year earlier. Higher
prices for lettuce, tomatoes and sweet corn contributed most of the gain from
the previous month.  Lower prices were reported for cantaloupes, onions,
watermelons and celery.

Fruit prices collectively dropped 14 percent from June and averaged 13 percent
below a year ago. That included lower prices for oranges, pears and apples.
Higher prices were reported for strawberries, lemons and peaches.

Outlook for Retail Prices

Department economists predict that retail food prices will go up by an average
of about 10 percent this year, compared with an 8.6 percent increase in 1980,
which was the smallest one-year gain since 1977.

Farm prices in July averaged 141 percent of the 1977 base price average used for
comparison, according to the preliminary figures.  The revised June index
reading was 142 percent.

Today's report also gave these figures:

- Cattle averaged $58.30 a 100 pounds of live weight nationally, compared with
$60.80 in June and $63.20 in July 1980. Those are averages for all types of
cattle sold as beef.

- Hogs averaged $49.60 a 100 pounds, compared with $47.40 in June and $41.20 a
year ago.

- Corn, at $3.17 a bushel, was unchanged from June. It was $2.73 a year ago.

- Wheat prices at the farm averaged $3.55 a bushel, compared with $3.70 in June
and $3.81 a year ago.

- Rice averaged $11.70 a 100 pounds, compared with $11.90 in June and $10.80 in
July 1980.

- Soybeans were $7.11 a bushel, against $7.10 in June and $6.75 a year ago.

- Upland cotton was 72.1 cents a pound on a national average, compared with 71.1
cents in June and 74.9 cents a year ago.

- Eggs were 58.4 cents a dozen, compared with 57.1 cents in June and 51.1 cents
a year ago.

- Broiler chickens, at 30.4 cents a pound, compared with 29.2 cents in June and
32.0 cents a year ago.  The parity ratio in July was 62 percent, unchanged from
June. A year ago, it was 65 percent. At 100 percent, this indicator would mean,
theoretically, that farmers have the same real buying power they enjoyed during
the period of 1910-14. The actual price of wheat in July, for example, averaged
$3.55 a bushel, or 50 percent of the parity price of $7.10 a bushel.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: graph of Farm Prices from January 1980 to July 1981

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 1, 2015

Delmarva farmers scholarship applications due Dec. 14

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 381  words


All Delmarva small farmers interested in learning more about sustainable
practices and focused on growing for the local market may apply now for the 2016
Historic Lewes Farmers Market scholarship program. Completed applications are
due no later than Monday, Dec. 14.

Several $500 scholarships will be awarded to Delmarva farmers to attend
sustainable farming conferences including these conferences in the Mid-Atlantic:
The Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture Annual Farming for the
Future Conference to be held Wednesday through Saturday, Feb. 3-6, in State
College, Pa; Future Harvest CASA Conference set Thursday, Jan. 14 to Sunday,
Jan. 16, in College Park, Md.; and similar conferences such as the Mid-Atlantic
Fruit and Vegetable Conference set Tuesday, Feb. 2, through Thursday, Feb. 4, in
Her-shey, Pa. These conferences draw farmers interested in education about
sustainable agriculture practices from a broad section of the East Coast,
Mid-Atlantic and the South with similar growing conditions to Delmarva. For more
information, go to www.pasafarming.org, wwwfuturehar-vestcasa.org and
www.mafvc.org.

To be eligible for the scholarship, the Delmarva farmer must:

Currently be developing a sustainable farming enterprise or currently farming on
Delmarva.

Currently operate a small farm (low-sales) as defined by the Economic Research
Service for the U.S. Department of Agriculture (less than $350,000 gross in
agricultural sales) on Delmarva or be able to demonstrate financial need to
attend this conference. (Only one applicant per farm).

Currently be a farmer/grower who sells what they grow, raise or produce on their
own farm. A farmer/grower may be a sole proprietorship, a partnership, or a
corporation and shall include family members and employees who assist in the
production and/or sales/marketing of the farm products.

Commit to attend the HLFM farmers' workshop held in the spring and share what
they learned at the conference so as to disseminate this information to other
farmers. To receive an application and more information about the scholarships,
call 302-644-1436 or email His-toricLewesFarmersMarket@comcast.net

Completed applications are due no later than Monday, Dec. 14. All scholarship
applicants will be notified of awards by Monday, Jan. 4.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 30, 1981 Wednesday

Competition may lower grain prices   as hopes raised for exports record

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 773 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
   Prairie grain production topped all records this year, raising hopes for
 record exports. But prices may be squeezed by competition for world
 markets, and Canada's delivery system will be severely tested.

Several grain-growing countries are harvesting large crops this year
 and analysts fear that prices will be pulled down in a buyers' market.
 However, there is no doubt Canada will export all the grain it can move to
 tidewater ports.

The western harvest was larger than expected. Michael Shumsky, of
 Statistics Canada in Winnipeg, said preliminary totals show barley
 production up 19 per cent to 12.2 million metric tons and the wheat
 harvest topping 22.7 million tons, up 26 per cent. The Ontario harvest
 will pull the total up to 23.5 million tons.

Among the six major western grains, only rapeseed production dropped -
 28 per cent to 1.7 million tons. Many western producers switched to barley
 in the spring.

The total western harvest was 40.8 million tons, a considerable
 increase over the 1980-81 crop year.

This year's harvest is big but it follows two drought years in which
 grain stocks were drawn down to 2.3 million tons by the end of the 1980-81
 crop year, July 31.

The Canadian Wheat Board has to compete with the other major grain
 exporters in a tight world market. The United States, Argentina and
 Australia - the other major exporters - had excellent crops this year and
 they are aggressive sellers.

The oilseed and feed grain market could be especially complicated
 because the United States is expecting a good soybean and corn crop this
 year.

European crops were below expectations because of poor weather this
 fall and the U.S. Department of Agriculture expects the Soviet Union to
 harvest only 185 million tons, more than 50 million tons below target.
 With a poor harvest for the third year in a row, the Soviet Union may have
 to import a record 40 million tons of grain - six million tons or more
 from Canada.

There is such an imbalance in world harvests this year that U.S.
 agriculture officials predict a record world trade of 223 million tons, 11
 million tons higher than in 1980-81.

Craig Lee of the Manitoba Department of Agriculture said western
 farmers will likely receive prices in the $200 to $205 a ton range for
 wheat - above the 1979-80 price of $196 but below the $225 expected for
 last year's crop.

Mr. Lee expects barley prices to be a little higher this year - about
 $140 a ton. This is comparable to the 1980-81 price and much better than
 the $107 fetched in 1979-80.

The world oilseed market is complex this year, Mr. Lee said. Barring
 pre-harvest problems, the U.S. soybean yield is expected to be excellent.
 This will lower demand for rapeseed in a depressed world market. However,
 the drop in Canadian yield will bring about a stronger domestic demand,
 strengthening local prices.

Canada can probably sell all the grain that can be delivered to
 tidewater ports - but transport is the Achilles heel of the Canadian grain
 system.

In the past two years, exports totalled about 21 million tons. In both
 years, labor disputes were minimal and analysts think it will be difficult
 to surpass the 21-million-ton figure by any significant volume.

In the previous crop year, there was only one significant labor dispute
 - the strike by CP Rail crews in Revelstoke, B.C. This year, there has
 already been a 14-day walkout by grain handlers in Thunder Bay and more
 labor strife is possible.

West Coast grain handlers have been without a contract since January
 and have rejected a conciliator's report. In the Great Lakes, the
 Seafarers International Union  has been without a contract since May. A
 strike by either group could seriously disrupt grain traffic.

In December, contracts with two other unions expire, possibly leading  to more
strikes. Both the railway workers and the stevedores could halt  all grain
traffic if they walk off the job.                         Grain production and
exports  Crop yearW                                 Wheat   Total grain  Total
grain    p                                        production production exports
1975-76               17.1                 33.5                       17.3
1976-77               23.6                 40.5                       18.4
1977-78               19.9                 38.9                       20.2
1978-79               21.1                 39.8                       18.2
1979-80               17.2                 30.4                       21.7
1980-81               19.1                 36.6                       21.2
1981-82 (est)           23.5                 40.8                       --
million metric tons

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

China to continue grain imports

BYLINE: Zhong Nan

LENGTH: 792  words


Farmers in the United States will continue to be big beneficiaries of China's
surging demand for international agricultural products this year, soybeans, corn
and meat in particular.

Tapping global agricultural market will pay off, experts say

Farmers in the United States will continue to be big beneficiaries of China's
surging demand for international agricultural products this year, soybeans, corn
and meat in particular.

"China's policies have pushed the country to purchase more agricultural products
from the US, and this trend will be maintained over the next several years,"
said Peng Yufa, a researcher at Beijing-based Chinese Academy of Agricultural
Sciences.

A farmer harvests corn in Le Roy, Illinois. The US became China's biggest
supplier of agricultural products in 2013, according to the US Department of
Agriculture. Daniel Acker / Bloomberg

The US became China's biggest supplier for agricultural products in 2013,
shipping $23.5 billion worth of grain, meat, fruit and dairy products to China,
according to the US Department of Agriculture.

Peng said China's subsidies on seeds and fertilizer, guaranteed minimum
government purchase prices and technical support encouraged farmers in its main
rice and soybean-producing regions to plant more staple grains over the past
several years.

"Moreover, higher domestic prices for corn and rice further cut into planting of
soybeans and naturally opened a door for the rush of imported US soybeans," said
Zhang Xiaoping, director for China at the US Soybean Export Council.

Last year, China imported 84 million metric tons of agricultural products from
the world market, including 14 million tons of corn, wheat and rice, about 2.6
percent of the nation's total domestic cereal output. The country's soybean
imports rose 8.6 percent year-on-year to 63.38 metric million tons, mainly from
the US and Brazil, and accounted for more than 80 percent of China's domestic
demand.

The USDA predicted that China will continue to be the US' top agricultural
export market in 2014, taking an estimated $25 billion of its agricultural
products.

More than 124 million metric tons of corn and 11.7 million tons of wheat were
consumed by Chinese livestock in 2013, showing a 5 percent and 7.2 percent
increase, respectively, from the previous year, according to the Beijing-based
China Feed Industry Association.

"Rising US corn and wheat imports can help China enhance its grain security and
make sure the country will have enough arable land to grow vegetables and
fruit," said Xu Xiaoqing, head of the agricultural economics department of the
State Council's Development Research Center.

Chen Xiwen, deputy chief of the Central Rural Work Leading Group, said China
seeks to cooperate with large agricultural trade partners that have abundant
agricultural resources and a desire to become more globalized.

"To ensure a high self-sufficiency rate for staple grain output, and to
gradually adjust China's developing agricultural structure, increasing imports
of certain agricultural products from the international market can make up for
domestic shortages for the time being," Chen said.

"It also buys time to improve the quality of China's farmland, which has been
contaminated by heavy metals and polluted water, for sustainable development,"
he added.

The Chinese government is preparing new solutions to upgrade the nation's
agricultural sector this year, including setting up new standards for high-yield
farmland and reinforcing protection of agricultural resources and the
environment.

Hu Hanping, director of Nanchang-based Jiangxi Academy of Agricultural Sciences,
warned that China is still having a problem propping up domestic oilseed prices
because the country purchases a large amount of soybeans and vegetable oils
internationally.

China lowered tariffs on imported commodities and agricultural products,
including cotton, grain and edible oil, when the country joined the World Trade
Organization in 2001. This policy has raised the domestic price of farm products
above international market prices.

To further ensure the income for domestic farmers, China introduced floor prices
in 2006 and appointed public bodies - China Grain Reserves Corp and China
National Cotton Reserves Corp - to buy such products as wheat, corn and cotton
for State reserves when market prices fall below floor prices.

"Under such circumstances, domestic oil-processing enterprises are happy to
purchase US soybeans to cover the rising cost of labor, electricity and
logistics," Hu said.

"However, they cannot simply raise their product price and pass the higher raw
material costs onto consumers as they also have to face competition from foreign
vegetable oil producers."

zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/08/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US to continue support to agriculture sector: Olson

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 128

LENGTH: 639  words


US Ambassador Richard Olson on Wednesday reaffirmed the United States
government's long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan. "Since the
1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in Pakistan,
introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat production.
Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields, protecting food
sources from disease, and boosting milk production will increase farmers'
incomes, improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity."

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC), which was
established with the help of the US government in the 1980s, Ambassador Olson
said, "The United States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan
through projects that enhance agricultural productivity." The Ambassador lauded
the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project (WPEP), a United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed in collaboration with
national and provincial research partners that has successfully introduced the
UG 99-resistant wheat variety, "NARC 2011."

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community. "Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical," said Ambassador Olson.

"The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project team and Pakistani scientists at
national and provincial research stations have made great progress in the fight
against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to continue your work together." In
addition to support for the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project, the United
States has provided new harvesting machines and funded improvements to research
stations around Pakistan to develop more disease-resistant wheat varieties. The
United States also provides specialised training opportunities to Pakistani
wheat scientists.

Dr Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and
Wheat Improvement Center, noted that without disease-resistant varieties of
wheat, such as the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimate that Pakistan's
annual wheat harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99
arrives. "Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs
45 percent of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr Imtiaz said. Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million
tons of wheat on eight million hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4
percent of the GDP.

"The United States and Pakistan have similar agricultural systems, and for that
reason we have been effective partners in agriculture for more than half a
century, working together to improve agricultural yields and to combat disease,"
said Ambassador Olson.

"Since the 1950s, US and Pakistani scientists have collaborated to increase
wheat production. At that time, Dr Manzoor Bajwa and Dr Norman Borlaug worked
together to develop 'Mexi-Pak,' the wheat variety that started the Green
Revolution in Pakistan and helped to double Pakistan's wheat production between
1965 and 1970."

"Today, our long-term commitment to Pakistan's agriculture sector is sustained
through projects that help fight animal and crop diseases, increase vegetable
and mango production, improve irrigation, increase dairy production, and support
wheat research, " Ambassador Olson concluded. Taimur Azmat Osman, Secretary,
Ministry of National Food Security and Research and Dr Iftikar Ahmed, Chairman,
Pakistan Agriculture Research Centre (PARC) were among others who were present
on the occasion.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            August 19, 2003, Tuesday

Organic premium

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 1; BUSINESS BRIEFING BUSINESS DAY; C

LENGTH: 109 words


Farmers who supply organic milk meeting new US standards will receive a premium
of more than 10% over normal payout prices from dairy giant Fonterra. Organic
suppliers already receive a 10% premium, but Fonterra is offering a top-up for
farmers who meet new guidelines set by the United States Department of
Agriculture. These include no supplies from cows who have received antibiotic
treatment in the past. Fonterra said the final decision on what the price
premium would be depended on the results of an analysis being carried out.
Fonterra has 22 farmers supplying 17 million litres of organic milk and is
trying to recruit new suppliers.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Fairfax New Zealand


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 13, 1994, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CROP ESTIMATE COULD SPELL TROUBLE FOR STATE FARMERS

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of the Post-Dispatch Staff This story includes information
from Post-Dispatch wire services.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 840 words


Farmers could be scraping the bottoms of their bins to feed livestock by the
time this year's corn crop ripens, according to the latest estimates of last
year's harvest and grain stocks.

"It's going to be like walking a tightrope" to balance demand with supplies,
said Allen Dever, chief economist with Doane Agricultural Services of St. Louis.

Missouri's corn and soybean crops were the smallest since a major drought in
1988, the U.S. Agriculture Department said. Missouri's grain sorghum, cotton and
rice crops were sharply smaller as well.

Illinois farmers escaped the brunt of last summer's flooding and reaped the
nation's largest corn and soybean crops.

The Agriculture Department cut its estimate of last year's feed grain harvest
again Wednesday, when it issued final estimates of 1993 crops. The flood of '93
washed out crops across much of the Midwest. Drought shriveled crops in the
southeastern United States.

Because of the smaller crop, the department said supplies before the next
harvest will dwindle to 802 bushels, less than half the 2.1 billion bushels on
hand at the end of last year's growing season. Analysts said the estimate was
the lowest since World War II.

Analysts said grain prices could rise to new highs for the season because
estimates were lower than expected. Higher prices are good news for farmers with
grain to sell. But they could slash profit margins for livestock farmers who
have to buy feed.

The department said farmers harvested 6.34 billion bushels of corn, about a
third less than in 1992 and about 2 percent less than the last estimate, issued
Nov. 1. The soybean crop of 1.81 billion bushels was about 17 percent less than
in 1992 and about 1 less than the Nov. 1 estimate.

A 36 percent drop in the grain sorghum crop adds to the extremely tight supply
of crops used to feed livestock, Dever said. The department's estimate of 568
million bushels was down 8 percent from the November forecast.

Corn supplies will be only 2 percent more than the nation used between December
and August last year, Dever noted. "There's no buffer at all in terms of any
demand surprises or crop problems," he said.

In Missouri, farmers harvested 117 million bushels of soybeans, down 27 percent
from 1992. The state's 167-million-bushel corn crop was down 49 percent from
1992. Sorghum harvests were down 33 percent.

A survey by the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City showed that bankers expect
Missouri farmers' incomes to shrink by 35 percent as a result of smaller crops
and heavy flood damage. The bank, which serves western Missouri, issued a farm
economics report based on a survey in the third quarter last year.

Illinois farmers equaled 1992 soybean yields and raised a nearly normal corn
crop. The department said Illinois farmers harvested 1.3 billion bushels of
corn, up from November's forecast of 1.29 billion. Soybeans slipped to 374.1
million bushels, down from 382.8 million projected two months ago.

Wet fall weather kept farmers from planting as much winter wheat as a year ago.
Farmers planted 30 percent less wheat in Illinois than last winter and 21
percent less in Missouri.

Nationwide, fall wheat plantings were down 2 percent.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

Lamb opportunities in the USA edging closer: Union

LENGTH: 310  words


Ulster Farmers' Union, Deputy President, Victor Chestnutt says the news that the
United States Department of Agriculture plans to relax their BSE and TSE
restrictions will be welcomed by livestock producers in Northern Ireland.

And while the US Department of Agriculture's proposals are currently still in
consultation, there is hope that exports of sheep meat from the EU could resume
in early 2017.

Mr Chestnutt stressed that access to new markets for all agriculture products is
a key priority for the UFU and that the proposal to relax restrictions for the
import of both sheep meat and live sheep is a positive step' in the right
direction.

"The UK is perhaps in a unique position given that it is expected we will soon
begin a process to officially leave the EU. However we would fully expect that
until such times that the UK has officially left the EU that DEFRA and DAERA
will work hard for local sheep producers - ensuring our industry can source
export opportunities in the US and other markets," said Mr Chestnutt.

"While lamb consumption in the US is relatively low in comparison to other
meats, they are still only 47per cent self-sufficient meaning they are heavily
reliant on imports to meet demand, said the UFU deputy president.

He added: "Competition from New Zealand and Australia in this market is strong,
however we believe we have a unique, high quality product which will appeal to
US consumers wanting to try something different.

"Aside of this news, obviously there is still uncertainty around what will
happen with trade once the UK officially leaves the EU as it will have to
renegotiate market access with many countries. Given Northern Ireland's
dependence on exports, our agri-food industry certainly cannot afford any
setbacks and we trust that the DAERA Minister will drive this message in her
meetings with Government and industry."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Kansas: Governor Brownback Calls China Trade Mission a Success

LENGTH: 742  words

DATELINE: Topeka


Office of the Governor, The State of Kansas has issued the following news
release:

Kansas Governor Sam Brownback, Kansas Secretary of Agriculture Dale Rodman and
Kansas Secretary of Commerce Pat George concluded a week-long trade mission that
took them to multiple regions of China promoting various sectors of the Kansas
economy and meeting with Chinese governmental and business leaders to develop
strategic partnerships to benefit both Kansas and China.

"Kansas is a recognized and trusted leader in agriculture in the United States,
and with or without this trip, that is a role I am confident would continue
domestically," Governor Brownback said. "But the reality is we live in a global
marketplace. In order for Kansas to be competitive today and in the future in
the global economy, we must develop strategic relationships with key trading
partners, including China."

After spending two days in Beijing meeting with national leaders, including
State Councilor Yang Jiechi, Minister of Agriculture Han Changfu, Vice Minister
of Science and Technology Zhang Laiwu, Vice Minister of Education Hao Ping,
Assistant Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang and with various private business
leaders, including Wanda Group Chairman Wang Jianlin and COFCO Chairman Ning
Gaoning, the delegation traveled to Zhengzhou, capitol of the Henan Province.
The Wanda Group acquired AMC Theaters, headquartered in Kansas, and immediately
grown its Kansas employee base. COFCO is the largest food processor,
manufacturer and trader in China and has done business with the United States
for more than 60 years.

Immediately after arriving in Zhengzhou, Governor Brownback was greeted by Henan
Governor Xie Fuzhan. After a brief meeting between the two governors, they
signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to further promote the bilateral
relationship between Kansas and Henan and promote increased partnership in the
areas of modern agriculture and food safety. As part of the

MOU, a U.S.-China Modern Agriculture and Food Safety Collaboration Platform will
be initiated by Kansas and Henan to develop strategic partnerships to promote
plant health, animal health and human health. According to the MOU, both Henan
and Kansas will work on projects related to agriculture, food safety and
bioscience encompassing commercialization, education, extension, research and
investment.

Following the MOU signing, the Kansas delegation met with provincial government
and business leaders to discuss potential project areas to move forward with
under the MOU. Governor Brownback said the meetings began well and said he
expects increased dialogue between both the state and province in the near
future to further develop this strategic partnership.

"Over the past 30 years, there have been multiple good-will missions and
exchanges between Kansas and our sister province in Henan, but signing this MOU
is a major step forward in further  solidifying that partnership and opening up
the doors to economic growth potential to benefit both Kansas and Henan," Gov.
Brownback said. "This is the beginning of a long-term process for Kansas and
Henan to work together on initiatives to benefit both Kansas and Henan.
Additionally, this MOU sets a precedent for the type of strategic relationships
we must look to develop with other trading partners around the globe."

The final leg of the trip was a stop in Guangzhou, capitol of Guangdong
Province. While in Guangzhou, Governor Brownback met with Guangdong Governor Zhu
Xiaodan. Additionally, the delegation met with Consul General Jennifer Galt,
U.S. Consulate Office, and participated in a roundtable discussion, hosted by
the South China American Chamber of Commerce, with private business leaders from
Guangdong.

"From my first visit to China in the 1980s to this visit, the development and
progress China has made is tremendous. As this growing nation continues
developing, Kansas will be a proud partner," Brownback said. "The rapid growth
in China and in other developing nations will create a middle class whose
consumer demands will drive the global economy. This trade mission will result
in a joint partnership to help meet those needs and provide benefit to both
Kansas and Henan. This is just the first step in developing this strategic
partnership with Henan but I am confident Kansas and Henan will work together to
benefit our regions, our nations and our people."

For further information please visit: https://governor.ks.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 20, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

with WATER IN MIND;
Farming green - and getting punished;
Farm policy should reward proven conservation techniques.

SECTION: NEWS; WITH WATER IN MIND ; WASHINGTON; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 467 words


For years, agribusiness lobbyists have scoffed at conservation agriculture as a
utopian ideal that would drive real farmers into bankruptcy. They should meet
Dan and Cara Miller.

The husband-wife team farm 560 rolling acres along Spring Valley Creek in
southeastern Minnesota - a place where intensive cultivation of row crops would
quickly send polluted runoff into the Mississippi River watershed.

So instead, the Millers raise Angus beef cattle and graze dairy heifers on
pasture grass - a crop that holds the soil all year long and requires no
fertilizer beyond, well, what the cows provide. The Millers plant an additional
386 acres in alfalfa and corn for silage, crops that produce cattle feed with
few chemicals and little plowing.

If the United States had a sensible farm policy, it would reward the Millers for
their stewardship. Instead, it puts them at a disadvantage compared to neighbors
who raise corn, soybeans and other "program'' crops.

Last year the Millers received about $6,000 from the federal Conservation
Security Program, which helps qualifying farmers defray "green'' practices such
as planting wind barriers and grass buffer strips. But a comparable farm
producing corn and soybeans received more than $10,000 in production subsidies.

Moreover, if there's a dip in corn or soybean prices, the government will step
in with deficiency payments and loan subsidies. If the price drops for the
Millers' alfalfa or beef, it's their loss.

"Most growers adhere closely to the farm bill,'' says Gyles Randall, a soil
scientist and professor at the University of Minnesota-Waseca. "And what the
farm bill does is penalize farmers who protect soil and water.''

This doesn't bother Dan Miller. He holds two degrees in agronomy and has
calculated that his carefully managed cattle operation earns a better profit
than corn and soybeans. He would do it anyway, because he believes in
conservation.

But it should bother everyone else. An ingenious 2001 study by the University of
Minnesota and the Land Stewardship Project found that conservation practices
like the Millers', practiced more widely on vulnerable land, could reduce
nitrogen runoff by 63 percent and cut erosion by 56 percent - enough to meet
federal targets for shrinking the Gulf of Mexico hypoxic zone.

Of course, the nation can't convert every farm from corn and soybeans to cattle,
but it doesn't have to. Simple changes in tillage and nutrient management on
grain farms could cut erosion and runoff by 30 percent or more, the study found.

But farmers won't make that shift as long as federal farm subsidies are tilted
against conservation and in favor of the highest possible production of corn,
soybeans, wheat and other favored commodities. It's time for Congress to fix the
tilt.

Thursday: How federal farm policy should change.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 30, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Southeast Drought Persists

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 4, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 249 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 29


Dry weather in the Southeast continues to hamper crops there, the Agriculture
Department reported today.  But corn and soybeans throughout the Corn Belt and
elsewhere are mostly rated in good to excellent condition, according to the
weekly crop update from the Joint Agricultural Weather Facility of the
Agriculture and Commerce Departments.

''Beneficial rains fell across the Pacific Northwest and from the central and
northern plains northeast through New England,'' the report said. ''Rain is
needed to improve conditions in the Southeast.''

Although the Agriculture Department has projected record wheat and corn crops
this year and a soybean crop of more than two billion bushels, development of
the corn and soybean crops is still lagging behind the pace of a year ago, the
report said.

Frost touched some of the eastern part of the Corn Belt, it said, but damage was
minimal.  Worldwide weather is generally favorable, the report said, although
dryness continues in Argentina.  In the Soviet Union, where this year's crop
prospects have been dim, the major agricultural areas in the Europ ean section
of Russia remains dry, with storms passing to the north . Although wet weather
elsewhere replenished soil moisture, the repo rt said, it hindered late spring
grain harvesting.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 10, 2013

Local farmers share importance of agriculture in the classroom;
The Fruechtes, Lincoln County farmers, visit Lake Benton, Hendricks and Ivanhoe
elementary students

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 494  words


One hundred years ago, 30 percent of Americans worked as farmers. Today, fewer
than two percent of Americans actively farm for a living. With many kids several
generations removed from the farm, agricultural education is more important than
ever. That's why soybean farmers Brian and Kim Fruechte organized
Ag-In-The-Classroom at the Lake Benton School on April 8.

More than 70 elementary students from the Hendricks, Lake Benton and Ivanhoe
school districts attended Ag-In-The-Class-room event. Students rotated between
eight different farm stations-- corn, soybeans, dairy, swine, beef, sheep, wheat
and pizza ingredients.

Swine farmer Don Buhl of Tyler manned the pork station and explained how farmers
care for their animals. "We take the best care of our pigs from when they are
born to when they are harvested," he explained, "We keep them comfortable and
clean and shelter them from heat and cold temperatures." Buhl talked about his
farm and explained the business side of the operation.

"Farming is not only raising food for the world, we need to keep track of our
costs and income. This is a full-time job and a lot goes into our day-to-day
tasks."

Organized by the Fruechtes, Ag-In-The-Classroom was funded through a grant from
the Minnesota Soybean Research and Promotion Council (MSR&PC) and Farm Bureau.
Area producers manned the stations, volunteering their time to teach kids about
agriculture.

"It is so important to me that children know where their food comes from," said
Kim Fruechte. "Everyone who eats is connected to farming. That's why we're here
today-- to make that real connection with the students."

Students were encouraged to ask questions and they were excited to learn more
about farming. They also learned about the versatility of soybeans, wheat and
corn as Kim displayed common foods and products--from chocolate syrup and pasta
sauce to makeup and newspaper ink--that contain either soybeans, wheat or corn.

"Many people don't realize how connected they are to agriculture and farming,"
said Kim. "From the food we eat to the clothes we wear, agriculture truly
connects all of us."

The Fruechtes farm near Verdi and are members of the Lincoln County Corn and
Soybean Growers. They currently serve as the Minnesota representatives in the
American Soybean Association (ASA)/DuPont Young Leader Program--a leadership
training program for young farmers. Brian and Kim are using their position as
ASA/DuPont Young Leaders to increase agricultural awareness--starting in the
classroom.

The Lincoln County Corn and Soybean Growers Association is affiliated with the
Minnesota Soybean Growers Association, a nonprofit, farmer-controlled membership
organization working to assure profitable soybean farming by monitoring
government policies, educating the public about agriculture and supporting
research and market development activities. The organization works with MSR&PC
to share The R.E.A.L. Story (Responsible, Ethical Agriculture for Life).

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 Hendricks Pioneer


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               October 5, 1996, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Producers to get vote on barley monopoly Bigger wheat-board controversies rage
on

BYLINE: by Sandra Cordon CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 369 words

DATELINE: REGINA


   REGINA - The Canadian Wheat Board's historic grip on Prairie grain sales has
loosened slightly.

Federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale tried to plough middle ground
yesterday in the deeply contentious debate over the board's mandate by promising
a producer vote on whether the board should have a monopoly over barley sales.

At the same time, Goodale endorsed the board's monopoly over much more valuable
wheat sales and said the board can gain the best price for Canadian producers on
grain sales worth almost $5 billion annually.

"No policy package could possibly satisfy all sides in what has been at times a
sharply polarized debate," Goodale said.

He described his ideas as "a progressive and practical approach that can best
serve the interest of the Prairie economy and Western grain producers in
particular."

In trying to please everyone a bit, however, Goodale appeared to have offended
groups on both sides of the controversy a lot.

"We got absolutely nothing out of this," complained Art Mainil, a member of the
Farmers for Justice, a group that supports giving Prairie producers freedom to
market their own grain.

Eric Upshall, Saskatchewan's agriculture minister and a stalwart wheat board
supporter, said Goodale undermined the board's future by not strongly endorsing
the monopoly.

"Because the debate will go on, pressures against the board will continue, and
that's not good for the board."

Mainil seemed to confirm that, saying farmers will continue to defy laws
prohibiting the farmers from selling their grain in the United States.

"I want the freedom to opt out, and they say I can't."

Some farmers have been jailed for illegally running the U.S. border with their
grain in an effort to get higher prices.

Larry Maguire of the Western Canadian Wheat Growers Association, which also
favors an open market for grain sales, said he was disappointed Goodale wasn't
more decisive.

"There have been no clear decisions . . . on jurisdiction and how farmers should
be able to sell their own products."

Prairie farmers are required to sell wheat and barley through the board, which
pays a set price that protects farmers from market fluctuations.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP photo: RALPH GOODALE: Agriculture Minister tells a Regina news
conference that he's maintaining the Canadian Wheat Board's monopoly on wheat
sales.

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 26, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

A Fight to Save Sheep the U.S. Fears Are Diseased

BYLINE: By CAREY GOLDBERG

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 944 words

DATELINE: EAST WARREN, Vt., July 21


Thirteen-year-old Jackie Faillace turned off the electricity to the low wire
fence, stepped over and began pointing out some of her favorites, as they turned
their golden eyes toward her and asked, "Maaa?"

There was Mrs. Friendly, who likes to be petted, and Buttercup, her baby from
last year. There was Pumpkin and Sweetpea and Olga. And back home somewhere was
Moe, a 2-year-old lamb that Jackie used to bottle feed and who is so beloved
that his admirers made up a special protest sign for him: "Hell, no, don't kill
Moe!"

In fact, the United States Department of Agriculture announced last week that,
because of a potential threat to public health, it planned to kill all of the
Faillaces' sheep and compensate the family. The announcement came after tests on
four sheep from a related flock showed signs of some kind of transmissible
spongiform encephalopathy, the family of fatal disorders that includes mad cow
disease. Further tests lasting two years or more would be required to determine
exactly which disease it was.

In all, the department plans to seize and destroy nearly 400 imported Belgian
sheep from three Vermont flocks, over the objections of Larry and Linda
Faillace, who own 120 of them, and another owner. The owners are challenging the
validity of the test results and asking for independent confirmation, saying the
sheep have been carefully monitored and were never exposed to feed that could
cause mad cow disease.

The slaughter had been expected to begin today, but instead, the Faillaces and
the other objecting owner, Houghton Freeman, came before a judge to have it
stopped, and were promised a day in court before any killing could begin.

At a hearing in Burlington, Judge J. Garvan Murtha, the Federal District Court
chief, asked the owners to bring in two experts to testify on Thursday about the
science of the test results and asked federal officials to invite their own test
expert.

The Faillaces declared themselves more than satisfied.

"I hope no other sheep farmer ever has to go through this," Linda Faillace said.

And the government stood by its scientific guns, saying it was confident its
decision would be upheld. The Department of Agriculture vowed in a statement to
"continue our efforts to protect American agriculture, and ultimately, the
health of the American people."

The fate of the sheep is uncertain; government lawyers pointed out today that
the law leans heavily on the side of giving agencies broad discretion to take
action in an emergency, and any possibility that mad cow disease, which has
killed dozens of people in England, had entered the United States would be an
emergency.

But one thing is clear: rarely does a dispute pit the federal government against
people who seem to so embody the pastoral spirit of Vermont.

The Faillace (pronounced Fal-LAYS) family took up dairy sheep farming
deliberately and rationally; Larry Faillace has a doctorate in animal science,
and the family members chose dairy sheep farming because they saw that the
United States was importing millions of dollars worth of sheep dairy products
each year. They chose the East Friesian breed from Belgium because it gives
about 10 times as much milk as its American counterparts.

On their rented farm in this mountainous countryside near the Sugarbush ski
area, the three Faillace children do the work that inspired the family to name
their cheese brand "Three Shepherds." Francis, 16, handles the pasture
management; Heather, 14, does the milking, and Jackie, 13, makes the cheese --
and fine cheese it is, experts say.

"The New American Cheese," a glossy book published this year by Stewart, Tabori
& Chang, described it as "stunning," and it was recently featured on a Martha
Stewart show.

The family also runs a small grocery store in a 19th-century schoolhouse
building that has lately turned into the hub of pro-Faillace activity. Signs
outside beg "Save Our Sheep!" and early this morning, Francis Faillace could be
seen putting the finishing touches on one that read, "Don't Let Politics Kill
the Sheep."

Jackie Faillace said the family had a phone tree of more than 100 people who are
ready to come to the farm within minutes of hearing that federal agents have
arrived to take or slaughter the sheep.

They include, she said, "older ladies who say they'll bring their shotguns," as
well as some people who have suggested bringing their cars to block off the
roads leading to the farm, and others who want to handcuff themselves to the
sheep. The Faillaces are discouraging violence, but say they are encouraging
people to protest.

Supporters are also keeping a 24-hour watch on the sheep, and friends have taken
the family collie for safekeeping, Jackie said, in case federal authorities
decided that all the animals on the farm, not merely the sheep, must be killed.

The grocery store in the schoolhouse may have wooden floors and a community
garden out back, but it also has computers, and the Faillaces and their
supporters have been using the Internet to get the word out and marshal support.

In particular, they have found an ally in Tom Pringle, a national expert on mad
cow disease, and his www.mad-cow.org Web site, a center for information on the
topic. Mr. Pringle questions the government's tests, including the reputation of
the Staten Island laboratory that performed the most damning one.

But some of the Faillaces' staunchest allies are just folks here in the Mad
River Valley, seeking to defend the family from what they see as government
excess.

Bob Hansen, a neighbor stopping by this morning, said, "This is just like trying
to take Elian Gonzalez all over again."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A neighbor comforted Linda Faillace, left, and her daughters,
Heather, second from right, and Jackie, right, after agriculture officials and
appraisers recently turned up at the Faillace sheep farm. (Reuters)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 16, 2013

Documentary showcases Delaware agriculture past and present

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 464  words


From early settlers to modern satellite systems, the history and future of
Delaware agriculture are highlighted in a new documentary sponsored by the
Delaware Department of Agriculture and the Delaware Humanities Forum.

The 30-minute film, "Delaware Agriculture: Farming in the First State,"
introduces viewers to the history of the state's agricultural industry and the
depth and breadth of modern-day farming. It features decades of historic
photographs, new interviews with six Delaware farmers and footage of their apple
orchards, grain farms, poultry operations and more. "Farming in Delaware has a
long and proud history, matched only by the strength and success of our farmers
today," said Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee, an agricultural historian who
narrates the film. "This documentary will help introduce Delaware residents to
their farmers and neighbors next door, building awareness about the
contributions and challenges of agriculture today."

The film was created and produced by Wilmington-based Teleduction and its
nonprofit initiative, Hearts and Minds Film. The Delaware Farm Bureau and
MidAtlantic Farm Credit also provided support.

It features farmers Stanley C. West of Milford, a lima bean grower; Jim and
Janet Mitchell of Woodside Farm Creamery, Hockessin; Curt Fifer of Fifer
Orchards, Camden-Wyoming; Charlie Smith of T.S. Smith & Sons, Bridgeville; Mark
Collins of DMC Farms, Laurel, a watermelon grower; Charles Postles of Milford, a
poultry farmer; Larry and Mike Jester of Jester Farms, grain farmers from
Middletown; and Brandon and Ashley Bonk of Wheel of Fortune Farm, Leipsic.

It also highlights historic images from Delaware Public Archives and footage
from the Historic Lewes Farmers Market, the Delaware State Fair and the Delaware
Agricultural Museum & Village. "This film offers viewers a glimpse into the
lands and lifestyles of farming operations unseen to those traversing the state
on Route 1," said Director Sharon Baker. "It also offers a wealth of imagery and
information from Delaware's rich agricultural history."

Initial funding for the film was provided by the Delaware Humanities Forum, a
nonprofit educational grant-making organization that is the state affiliate of
the National Endowment for the Humanities.

"We are impressed with Tele duction's sensitive portrayal of Delawareans telling
their stories in their own words. In Delaware, farming is a significant part of
the state's identity," said Marilyn P. Whittington, Delaware Humanities Forum
executive director. "Ms. Baker is a good partner in this effort to celebrate and
preserve Delaware's industrial history."

The film will be featured on WHYY-TV later this spring and shown at events
through the Delaware Humanities Forum. The trailer is currently online at
Content Delaware.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 31, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

FARM PRICES JUMP 3.7%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 39, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 30


The prices farmers received for raw products jumped 3.7 percent in December, the
sharpest increase in four months, leaving farm prices at the end of 1983 an
average of 10 percent higher than a year ago, the Agriculture Department
reported today.

The increase was indicated by preliminary figures that showed higher prices for
cattle, hogs, oranges, eggs and onions during the month. Lower prices were
reported for soybeans, tomatoes, wheat, milk and corn.

The preliminary report was based mostly on prices as of mid-December; it does
not reflect recent changes caused by the cold weather that has hit fruit and
vegetable crops in Florida and Texas.

Prices paid by farmers to meet expenses, meanwhile, were unchanged from
November, but still averaged 3.8 percent above a year earlier.

Drought and the Government's payment-in-kind program reduced crop production
sharply this year, which has helped push some commodity prices higher this
season.

In December, the report said, crop prices were up 19 percent from a year
earlier, but livestock prices were down 2 percent.

Department economists say food prices may rise 4 percent to 7 percent in 1984,
with the effects of last summer's drought accounting for 1 to 1.5 percentage
points of the increase. Higher farm prices, inflation and increased middleman
costs will also have an effect.

In the preliminary December figures, the index for poultry and eggs was a record
high, up 7.3 percent from the previous record set in November and 44 percent
above a year earlier. Fruit prices were up 19 percent from November, but were
still 2.7 percent below the average a year earlier.

Vegetable prices at midmonth were up 6.8 percent from November and 23 percent
above a year earlier.

Over all, the preliminary figures indicate, farm prices in December averaged 140
percent of a 1977 base price average used for comparison, compared with 135
percent in November and 127 percent in December 1982.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 3, 1991 Tuesday

USDA fails to keep up with demands   GAO report says department has changed
little in the past 50 years

BYLINE: NANCY WAITZ; REUT

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY NANCY WAITZ
Reuters News Agency
  WASHINGTON
 The U.S. Department of Agriculture has failed to keep pace with new
demands by consumers for safe, nutritious food and for environmentally
sound farming practices, the General Accounting Office said yesterday.

The GAO report said the department has changed little in the past 50
years despite huge changes in farming, food marketing, and a burst of
foreign competition for U.S. food exports.

If it does not respond to the new marketplace, other countries and
industries more responsive to consumers will fill the void and the U.S.
farming and food industries will suffer, the report said.

The congressional watchdog agency called for strong leadership from the
Secretary of Agriculture, Edward Madigan, and for congressional support to
revitalize the department.

"After six months on the job, I believe many of the criticisms of the
GAO report are justified, but all are not," Mr. Madigan said in a
statement.

Mr. Madigan said food safety concerns are under review. "However, our
food supply remains the safest in the world."

"I believe the department is doing a good job of helping to assure a
reasonably priced food supply for consumers," he said. He said he plans to
work with the agency on improvements in the coming months.

In the final report of a series on the USDA, the GAO cited several
problems that need to be addressed.

"The department's response to 1980s trade statistics and recent food
safety controversies as well as its unwillingness to modernize its field
structure and basic management systems reflect an organization that may
already have begun such a decline," the report said.

The USDA could trim away excess fat in its $46-billion (U.S.)
organization by streamlining operations, it said.

"About $90-million could be saved if USDA consolidated field offices
where warranted," the report said.

The department lacks a comprehensive policy or plan that could help the
U.S. improve the credibility of its food safety and quality system so that
it is again seen as the foremost system in the world, the report said.

In 1990 the USDA spent about $46-billion, controlled assets of about
$140-billion and employed over 110,000 full-time employees in 36 agencies
in over 15,000 locations worldwide.

The department accounts for 17 per cent of the gross national product
and 20 million jobs, the GAO said.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           September 30 1986, Tuesday

Green and pleasant day out

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 62576.

LENGTH: 568 words


Agriculture ministers from 10 of the 12 members states met yesterday in an
unspoilt corner of England, which may well have corrected a number of
misconceptions.

In the shadow the Old Man of Coniston in the heart of the Lake District National
Park they were shown that farming in Britain does not consist solely of large
intensive arable and livestock production units busily contributing still more
to the grain, beef and butter mountains.


Instead they saw a landscape of hills, lakes and ancient broadleaved woodlands,
of steep pastures grazed by little isolated groups of sheep and cattle.

It was, as it was intended to be, a reminder that Britain has not yet
surrendered to industralized agriculture, and that the survival of the small
family farm is not exclusively a preoccupation of southern Europe.

While Mr Michael Jopling, Minister of Agriculture, strode happily around
brandishing a shepherd's crook, his guests were treated to a parade of pedigree
bulls, a display of sheep dog skills, a demonstration of drystone walling and a
Cumberland wrestling contest.

Mr John Gummer, the minister's deputy, said: 'We think it is a very good thing
that our European colleagues can come here and see this sort of landscape and
are reminded that some of the old country ways are still alive and healthy. '

But reminders of a harsher and more violent world intruded in the shape of
police officers stationed in the hills and under trees near by.

The Ministry of Agriculture also chose the occasion to announce that radiation
levels in sheep, allegedly caused by fallout from the Chernobyl explosion in the
Soviet Union, were in some areas not falling as fast as had been expected.

Although restrictions were being lifted as from midnight last night on all sheep
in areas designated as 'low deposition', more than half a million animals in
Cumbria, Scotland and North Wales would remain subject to controls.

'We may have to accept that controls in the more persistent of these upland
areas could remain in force for some time,' Mr Jopling said.

Today the ministers, in the presence of the Prince of Wales, will meet to
discuss ways of reducing EEC farm surpluses, and in particular the British
proposal to pay farmers for taking land out of production.

Yesterday Herr Ignaz Kiechle, the German agriculture minister, said he fully
supported the lead that Mr Jopling had taken, with the one proviso that there
should be no accompanying cut in prices.

M. Francois Guillaume, the French minister, said he was prepared to examine the
British proposals with his colleagues but that the issue could not be dealt with
in quite so blunt a fashion.

He did not accept that the EEC should reduce its cereal production, so long as
there was no worldwide agreement with other large producers, such as the United
States, Canada and Australia to organize the market.

When Europe reduced its milk production in 1984-85, the United States responded
by raising its dairy output by 6 per cent and New Zealand by 12 per cent.

But disagreements were at least temporarily forgotten as Mr Jopling presented
handmade crooks to his European colleagues and officials of the National Trust,
which owns the farm where the gathering took place, congratulated themselves on
a little useful publicity.

All in all, in spite of the mist and drizzle, it was a good morning for Britain.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 13, 1997 Tuesday

USDA forecasts bumper corn, soybean crops  Food prices expected to climb only 3%
if big harvests materialize

BYLINE: BY SCOTT KILMAN The Wall Street Journal; WSJ

SECTION: ROB-WSJ; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 631 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture predicted that farmers will harvest bumper
corn and soybean crops this fall, enough to replenish the U.S. grain stocks that
shrank to precariously low levels last year.

That's good news for consumers and food companies, many of which had to close
their milling operations last year as grain supplies ran out. Grocery store
prices, which jumped 4.9 per cent last year as the grain crisis caused price
tags of everything from ice cream to pork chops to jump, will moderate if the
big harvests materialize. Assuming normal growing conditions this summer, most
economists expect food prices to climb only about 3 per cent this year.

Despite the unusually cool planting season under way across the U.S. Farm Belt,
the USDA said yesterday in its first assessment of U.S. crop prospects that it
expects U.S. farmers to harvest a record 2.6 billion bushels of soybeans, up 9.2
per cent from the 2.38 billion bushels produced last fall.

Although freak April snowstorms have reduced the potential of the wheat fields
nearing maturity across the U.S. Southern Plains, soybean and corn planting has
progressed at a near-record pace across much of the U.S. Midwest, raising the
chances for above-average yields.

As a result, the USDA predicted that U.S. farmers will harvest 9.84 billion
bushels of corn -- the biggest crop in the United States -- up 5.9 per cent from
last year for what would be the second-biggest corn harvest in U.S. history. By
Sunday, corn farmers had planted 71 per cent of their fields, compared with the
five-year average of 50 per cent.

The government's harvest forecasts caused grain prices to plunge yesterday. But
economists said big harvests would generally benefit the farm sector. Grain
stockpiles are low enough that corn and soybean prices will remain high enough
for most grain farmers to make a profit. Cattle and hog producers, meanwhile,
should see the costs of feeding their animals sink, widening livestock profits.

After riding an export boom to some of the highest prices in nine years, the
soybean contract for May delivery dropped 19.75 cents (U.S.) a bushel yesterday
at the Chicago Board of Trade to settle at $8.745 a bushel. July corn sank 5
cents a bushel to settle at $2.83 a bushel.

"The farm economy is still moving along fairly well," said Keith Collins, the
chief economist at the USDA, which expects crop revenue to stay above the
$100-billion level this year for only the second time to date.

The new harvest forecasts are highly tentative -- it is still early in the
planting season and summer weather will greatly affect yields. But the outlook
for bumper crops at least signals that the grain crisis that forced many millers
to close operations last summer isn't likely to happen again soon.

The soybean harvest projected by the government would also replenish soybean
supplies. The USDA figures that the U.S. soybean reserve would roughly double to
260 million bushels by August, 1998, if farmers manage to harvest the record
crop it expects this year.

The weak link in the farm economy is wheat. Winter storms in April damaged the
hard red winter wheat variety that was then emerging from dormancy, promising
another in a string of mediocre wheat harvests on the Southern Plains.

The USDA said it expects the Southern Plains harvest, which hits full stride
next month, to generate 17 per cent more bushels than last year, but the 1996
crop was decimated by one of the worst droughts of the century. As a result,
production of all varieties of wheat this year is expected to slip about 1 per
cent to 2.26 billion bushels. Adding to the injury of Southern Plains farmers,
U.S. wheat prices are expected to sink this year, because many of the rest of
the world's farm powers are producing large wheat crops.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1997 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 1, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

PRICES PAID FARMERS DOWN 1.4%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 50, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 30


Prices that farmers get for their raw products fell 1.4 percent in September
after posting a significant gain in August, the Agriculture Department said
today. But they remained seven-tenths of 1 percent higher than a year ago.

The decline was the third in the last four months, but the August increase of
6.1 percent was the highest monthly rise in more than three years. Until June,
there had been five consecutive months of rising farm prices.

The indicator is frequently erratic, reacting to weather, economic trends and
the crop situation in general. The drop in September was caused mainly by
falling prices for cattle and hogs as ranchers continued to sell off herds.
Drought has pushed up grain prices, increasing the cost of maintaining the
animals. The Agriculture Department's Crop Reporting Board said that lower
prices for oranges and potatoes also contributed to the September downturn.

Lettuce and Apples Up

Partly offsetting those lower prices were higher prices for soybeans, lettuce
and apples. The preliminary September price for soybeans, a crop severely
affected by the drought, was $8.46 a bushel, the highest since May 1977, when
the price reached $9.24.

The economic situation in the livestock sector was reflected in the prices
farmers must pay to meet their expenses. Those prices rose six-tenths of 1
percent through September, primarily on the strength of higher feed costs. Lower
prices for feeder cattle and pigs, a result of increased marketing, were not
enough to offset that.

Over all, farm expenses were 2.5 percent higher than in September 1982, the
board said.

Farm prices in September averaged 137 percent of a 1977 base-price average used
for comparison, according to the preliminary figures. The revised index for
August was 139 percent.

The September parity ratio fell to 56 percent, a point below the August level.
Last winter, the indicator sagged to 54 percent, the lowest since April 1933,
one of the worst years of the Depression, when it also averaged 54 percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 12, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES Wheat, Soybeans Fall On U.S. Harvest Report



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 35, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 284 words


Wheat and soybean futures prices were sharply lower and corn was moderately
lower yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade.

The harvest forecast released Thursday by the United States Department of
Agriculture was the main influence on prices and traders concentrated on the
soybean figure, said Richard Loewy, a grain analyst in New York with
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc.

He noted that the Agriculture Department raised the anticipated soybean harvest
to 1.54 billion bushels, an increase of 20 million bushels from its October
report, while traders had anticipated a slight reduction.

Corn prices were supported by the report, which reduced the anticipated corn
harvest to 4.1 billion bushels.

Trading volume was light because of the Veterans Day holiday.

Cattle and frozen pork belly prices were higher and live hogs were mixed on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Bob Kuhn, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Dean Witter Reynolds, said buying
appeared to be stimulated by ideas that heavy marketing during the past three
weeks had depleted the supply of cattle available for marketing in the next few
weeks and on into 1984.

Prices for live hogs were under pressure because traders think plenty of hogs
remain to be marketed in the next two weeks to a month, he added. Prices for
frozen pork bellies were supported by spillover sentiment from the cattle pit,
he said.

The harvest forecast was the primary factor pressuring cotton prices, sources
said. Prices had risen on Thursday in anticipation of a supportive report, but
the figures anticipate a decline in production.

Precious metals prices were little changed in very quiet trading on the
Commodity Exchange in New York.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 1, 1987, Wednesday

EC BEATS OUT US IN FARM EXPORTS

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The European Community with relative suddenness has replaced the United States
as the world's leading exporter of farm products, wiping out a 2-to-1 lead
enjoyed by U.S. farmers only a decade ago.

A new analysis by the U.S. Department of Agriculture cited monetary policy,
exchange rates and the expansion of the European trading bloc from 10 countries
o 12 as key factors in this shift.

"EC exports, buoyed initially by exchange rates that made EC products relatively
less expensive, started to rebound as the dollar neared its peak value during
1984 and 1985. As the dollar weakened and world prices fell, export subsidies
have permitted increased EC export sales at prices far below internal support
levels," the report said.

The report, "A Comparison of Agriculture in the United States and the European
Community," was prepared by the department's Economic Research Service.
Officials said it is designed to help policy-makers as they explore options for
protecting farm incomes on both sides of the Atlantic while cutting back on
price and income supports.

The report said the 12 EC nations exported $ 28.1 billion worth of farm
commodities last year, compared with $ 26.1 billion for the United States.

Other comparisons cited by the report a re:

* Average sizes of U.S. farms are 438 acres, compared with 42 acres in Europe.

* Dairy, livestock and grains account for the bulk of EC farm production,
although fruits, vegetables and oilseeds are becoming more important.

* Beef and veal production is more important to U.S. livestock producers, while
dairy is more important in Europe. Coarse grains such as corn make up a larger
share of U.S. production, while wheat is more important to the European farmer.

* Agricultural price supports in the EC are "paid for through high consumer
prices as well as government payments to store surpluses and subsidize exports
and processing." Producers are protected from international competitors by a
variable levy, a system of import taxes.

* In the United States, farmers get "deficiency" payments or subsidies to
support incomes, meaning that consumer prices are held down from what they
otherwise might be.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 10, 2013 Friday

Pakistan: Ambassador Olson highlights U.S. support to small farmers

LENGTH: 676 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, May 10 -- U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson today reaffirmed the United
States government's long-term support to farming communities in Pakistan. "Since
the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan, introducing the Kinnow orange and helping to double Pakistan's wheat
production.

Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields, protecting food
sources from disease, and boosting milk production will increase farmers'
incomes, improve nutrition, and ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity."

Addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers, and farmers during
his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC), which was
established with the help of the U.S. government in the 1980s, Ambassador Olson
said, "The United States is committed to helping the small farmers of Pakistan
through projects that enhance agricultural productivity."

The Ambassador lauded the progress made by the Wheat Productivity Enhancement
Project (WPEP), a United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program managed
in collaboration with national and provincial research partners that has
successfully introduced the UG 99-resistant wheat variety, "NARC 2011."

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99, a
virulent wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to Pakistan's farming
community. "Wheat accounts for approximately 60 percent of the daily caloric
intake of the average Pakistani, so our joint efforts to combat this disease are
critical," said Ambassador Olson. "The Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project
team and Pakistani scientists at national and provincial research stations have
made great progress in the fight against wheat rusts, and I encourage you to
continue your work together."

In addition to support for the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project, the
United States has provided new harvesting machines and funded improvements to
research stations around Pakistan to develop more disease-resistant wheat
varieties. The United States also provides specialized training opportunities to
Pakistani wheat scientists.

Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for the International Maize and
Wheat Improvement Center, noted that without disease-resistant varieties of
wheat, such as the one being harvested at NARC, experts estimate that Pakistan's
annual wheat harvest could be reduced by as much as 50 percent if and when UG 99
arrives. "Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs
45 percent of the labor force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said. Pakistani farmers grew about 24 million
tons of wheat on eight million hectares last year, accounting for about 2.4
percent of the GDP.

"The United States and Pakistan have similar agricultural systems, and for that
reason we have been effective partners in agriculture for more than half a
century, working together to improve agricultural yields and to combat disease,"
said Ambassador Olson. "Since the 1950s, U.S. and Pakistani scientists have
collaborated to increase wheat production.

At that time, Dr. Manzoor Bajwa and Dr. Norman Borlaug worked together to
develop 'Mexi-Pak,' the wheat variety that started the Green Revolution in
Pakistan and helped to double Pakistan's wheat production between 1965 and
1970."

"Today, our long-term commitment to Pakistan's agriculture sector is sustained
through projects that help fight animal and crop diseases, increase vegetable
and mango production, improve irrigation, increase dairy production, and support
wheat research, " Ambassador Olson concluded.

Taimur Azmat Osman, Secretary, Ministry of National Food Security and Research
and Dr. Iftikar Ahmed, Chairman, Pakistan Agriculture Research Centre (PARC)
were among others who were present on the occasion Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 16, 2013

Documentary showcases Delaware agriculture past and present

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 464  words


From early settlers to modern satellite systems, the history and future of
Delaware agriculture are highlighted in a new documentary sponsored by the
Delaware Department of Agriculture and the Delaware Humanities Forum.

The 30-minute film, "Delaware Agriculture: Farming in the First State,"
introduces viewers to the history of the state's agricultural industry and the
depth and breadth of modern-day farming. It features decades of historic
photographs, new interviews with six Delaware farmers and footage of their apple
orchards, grain farms, poultry operations and more. "Farming in Delaware has a
long and proud history, matched only by the strength and success of our farmers
today," said Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee, an agricultural historian who
narrates the film. "This documentary will help introduce Delaware residents to
their farmers and neighbors next door, building awareness about the
contributions and challenges of agriculture today."

The film was created and produced by Wilmington-based Teleduction and its
nonprofit initiative, Hearts and Minds Film. The Delaware Farm Bureau and
MidAtlantic Farm Credit also provided support.

It features farmers Stanley C. West of Milford, a lima bean grower; Jim and
Janet Mitchell of Woodside Farm Creamery, Hockessin; Curt Fifer of Fifer
Orchards, Camden-Wyoming; Charlie Smith of T.S. Smith & Sons, Bridgeville; Mark
Collins of DMC Farms, Laurel, a watermelon grower; Charles Postles of Milford, a
poultry farmer; Larry and Mike Jester of Jester Farms, grain farmers from
Middletown; and Brandon and Ashley Bonk of Wheel of Fortune Farm, Leipsic.

It also highlights historic images from Delaware Public Archives and footage
from the Historic Lewes Farmers Market, the Delaware State Fair and the Delaware
Agricultural Museum & Village. "This film offers viewers a glimpse into the
lands and lifestyles of farming operations unseen to those traversing the state
on Route 1," said Director Sharon Baker. "It also offers a wealth of imagery and
information from Delaware's rich agricultural history."

Initial funding for the film was provided by the Delaware Humanities Forum, a
nonprofit educational grant-making organization that is the state affiliate of
the National Endowment for the Humanities.

"We are impressed with Tele duction's sensitive portrayal of Delawareans telling
their stories in their own words. In Delaware, farming is a significant part of
the state's identity," said Marilyn P. Whittington, Delaware Humanities Forum
executive director. "Ms. Baker is a good partner in this effort to celebrate and
preserve Delaware's industrial history."

The film will be featured on WHYY-TV later this spring and shown at events
through the Delaware Humanities Forum. The trailer is currently online at
Content Delaware.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US keen to promote agriculture in Pakistan: Olson

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 128

LENGTH: 291  words


United State' ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the long-term US government's
support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan by introducing the orange and helping to double the country' wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
incomes of the farmers which would ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity,
US ambassador said addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers
and farmers during his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC)
here on Wednesday.

Ambassador Olson said that the US government is committed to help the small
farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99 a
dangerous wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to country' farming
community, he claimed.

Olson added that US government has provided new harvesting machine to support
the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project and also is also providing
specialized training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists to fight
against wheat diseases.

While talking on the occasion, Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for
the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre, noted that without
disease-resistant varieties of wheat experts estimate that Pakistan's annual
wheat harvest could be reduced by 50 percent if when UG 99 arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US keen to promote agriculture in Pakistan: Ambassador Olson

LENGTH: 291  words


United State' ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the long-term US government's
support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan by introducing the orange and helping to double the country' wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
incomes of the farmers which would ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity,
US ambassador said addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers
and farmers during his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC)
here on Wednesday.

Ambassador Olson said that the US government is committed to help the small
farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99 a
dangerous wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to country' farming
community, he claimed.

Olson added that US government has provided new harvesting machine to support
the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project and also is also providing
specialized training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists to fight
against wheat diseases.

While talking on the occasion, Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for
the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre, noted that without
disease-resistant varieties of wheat experts estimate that Pakistan's annual
wheat harvest could be reduced by 50 percent if when UG 99 arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US keen to promote agriculture in Pakistan: Ambassador Olson

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 128

LENGTH: 291  words


United State' ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the long-term US government's
support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan by introducing the orange and helping to double the country' wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
incomes of the farmers which would ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity,
US ambassador said addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers
and farmers during his visit to the National Agriculture Research Centre (NARC)
here on Wednesday.

Ambassador Olson said that the US government is committed to help the small
farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99 a
dangerous wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to country' farming
community, he claimed.

Olson added that US government has provided new harvesting machine to support
the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project and also is also providing
specialized training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists to fight
against wheat diseases.

While talking on the occasion, Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for
the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre, noted that without
disease-resistant varieties of wheat experts estimate that Pakistan's annual
wheat harvest could be reduced by 50 percent if when UG 99 arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labour force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 23, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Virginia reports improvement in Organic Produce

BYLINE: Keira Cook

LENGTH: 252  words


According to Virginia agriculture officials, the organic farming has increased
in the state. The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services said that in
2014, Virginia had 167 organic farms, up from 156 in 2008. The farms generated
$41.3 million in sales, over double the $19.2 million in 2008.

Crop production contributed to 81% of the organic sale, 14% came from livestock
and poultry products, including milk and eggs, and 5% belonged to livestock and
poultry animals.

In 2015, the national organic standards have turned 15, and as the USDA program
is approaching driving age, a new federal survey of the industry, the first
since 2008, has shown a sector, booming in its adolescence.

In 2014, over 14,000 farms sold $5.5 billion in organic products in the United
States, up a full 72% since 2008. Presently, the organic dairy market alone is
worth over $1 billion.

Almost all that production revolved around a group of 10 states, accounting for
78% of sales.

The pack was led by California, the country's leading producer of fruits and
vegetables, with $2.2 billion, and on combining with Washington state and
Oregon, which ranked number 2 and 4 respectively, the West Coast has proved to
be the center of organic farming in the United States.

The survey has also suggested that farmers have been finding out the ways of how
they can get more food out of fewer acres. It is a reality that might help
undercut the chief criticism of organic farming that yields are quite low to
make it viable on a large scale.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 10, 2013 Friday

Pakistan: US keen to promote agriculture in Pakistan: Ambassador Olson

LENGTH: 328 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, May 10 -- United State' ambassador Richard Olson reaffirmed the
long-term US government's support to farming communities in Pakistan.

"Since the 1950s, the United States has been working to support agriculture in
Pakistan by introducing the orange and helping to double the country' wheat
production. Today, we continue our support because improving crop yields
protecting food sources from disease and boosting milk production will increase
incomes of the farmers which would ultimately strengthen Pakistan's prosperity,
US ambassador said addressing a gathering of government officials, researchers
and farmers during his visit to the National Agriculture Research Center (NARC)
here on Wednesday.

Ambassador Olson said that the US government is committed to help the small
farmers of Pakistan through projects that enhance agricultural productivity.

The introduction of this wheat variety helps protect Pakistan against UG 99 a
dangerous wheat disease in the region that poses a threat to country' farming
community, he claimed.

Olson added that US government has provided new harvesting machine to support
the Wheat Productivity Enhancement Project and also is also providing
specialized training opportunities to Pakistani wheat scientists to fight
against wheat diseases.

While talking on the occasion, Dr. Muhammad Imtiaz, Country Liaison Officer for
the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center, noted that without
disease-resistant varieties of wheat experts estimate that Pakistan's annual
wheat harvest could be reduced by 50 percent if when UG 99 arrives.

"Agriculture contributes 21 percent to the GDP of Pakistan and employs 45
percent of the labor force, making it one of the most significant economic
drivers of Pakistan," Dr. Imtiaz said Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 1, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid to Farmers Dropped 1.6% in April

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 10, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 30


Prices farmers get dropped 1.6 percent in April, falling to 9.1 percent below
the level of a year ago, the Agriculture Department said today.

The report by the department's Agricultural Statistics Board said the decline
was mostly the result of lower prices for eggs, cattle, hogs, wheat and milk.
Higher prices for lettuce, potatoes and tomatoes offset part of the decline.

Prices paid by farmers to meet expenses in April were down 1.8 percent from
February and 2.4 percent below April 1985. Because of spending cutbacks, the
board did not issue a March report on prices paid by farmers and will release
them quarterly beginning July 31. Other measures will continue to be reported
monthly.

According to the preliminary April figures, based mostly on midmonth averages,
the farm prices of livestock and livestock products dropped 3 percent from
March. Crop prices rose nine-tenths of 1 percent from March.

Cattle prices averaged $51.30 per 100 pounds, down $1.10 from March, and hog
prices dropped $1.10, to $39.30 per hundredweight.

Vegetable prices rose 14 percent from March. Higher prices for lettuce and
tomatoes accounted for most of the increase.

The report said the index of prices for poultry and eggs declined 8 percent from
March. Egg prices averaged 10.5 cents lower at 57.8 cents per dozen at the farm.

Prices for milk and other dairy products declined 1.6 percent from the March
average.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of prices received by farmers for all items from '84 to '86
(Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          January 29, 1992, Wednesday

DROUGHT TRIMS CENTRAL AMERICA'S GRAIN SUPPLY; MORE IMPORTS NEEDED

BYLINE: SHELLEY EMLING; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: GUATEMALA CITY


A severe drought is causing alarming reductions in the production of main
cereals in most of Central America, leading to a sharp increase in the region's
need for imports, mostly from the United States.

In 1991-92, the production of corn, the most important cereal grown in Costa
Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras, is expected to fall 19 percent to
2.03 million metric tons, and production of sorghum will be down 17 percent to
64,000 metric tons.

Since corn is the preferred feed grain of the two, all shortfalls will be made
up by yellow corn imports, which are expected to more than double, from 435,000
to 920,000 metric tons, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Besides the effects of the drought, "production has not kept pace with demand
and population growth in the last few years so imports have gone up because of
that, as well," said Chad Russell, assistant agriculture attache at the U.S.
Embassy in Guatemala City. "These imports are primarily from the United States."

Rice production, which represented 7 percent of the countries' total cereal
consumption last year, is projected to drop only 3 percent in 1991-92, bringing
imports up from 44,000 to 58,000 metric tons.

Central Americans consume substantial amounts of wheat - 628,000 metric tons in
1989-90, or 16 percent of the four countries' total cereal consumption. With the
exception of 34,000 metric tons grown in Guatemala, all the rest is imported,
mostly from the United States.

Wheat consumption is expected to grow in 1991-92 to 690,000 metric tons, an
all-time high while Guatemala's wheat production is expected to dwindle to
nearly nothing as producers turn to the export of more profitable non-
traditional products, like winter fruits and vegetables. Imports of wheat to
Guatemala, nearly all from the United States, have increased from 129,000 metric
tons in 1987-88 to 217,000 metric tons in 1991-92.

Grain production in Central America, especially corn, employs hundreds of
thousands of people. Because of the severe effects of the drought, caused by the
unusual weather phenomenon known as "El Nino," many farmers will not be able to
make loan payments this year.

As a result, governments are soliciting food aid from international
organizations for small farmers and several banks are refinancing loans that are
in default because of the drought.

In the eastern region of El Salvador, 75 percent of the crops have been affected
by the drought, principally the harvests of corn, rice, cotton, and livestock
feed. "This has resulted in more than $ 3 million in losses," said Carlos Borja
Letona, the president of El Salvador's National Farming Development Bank (BFA).

The drought will cause a total of approximately $ 37 million in damages as
nearly 20 percent of the country's basic grain production will be lost,
according to the Salvadoran Foundation for Economic and Social Development .

El Salvador and Guatemala have plenty of foreign exchange reserves to purchase
imports and will also use part of their GSM-102 funds, money from a U.S. credit
guaranty program designed to purchase imports of grain like corn. Honduras will
purchase imports with the help of PL480 food aid from the United States.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related article on page 7A: AUSTRALIAN DROUGHT AIDS US WHEAT
SALES

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              July 5, 2013 Friday

Year after drought, wettest Midwest spring in 40 years delays crop planting;
Last year, Midwest farmers struggled with drought; this year, it's heavy rain
and sodden farmlands, which have pushed back the planting season. By contrast,
farmers in the South worry about too little rain.

BYLINE: Mark Guarino Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 530 words


After scorching temperatures and drought conditions devastated the nation's crop
production last year, farmers across the Midwestern farm belt are now dealing
with the reverse side of Mother Nature - too much rain.

Meteorologists say the region experienced the wettest spring in 40 years, with
rainfall in portions of the Midwest 8 inches above normal. From January to June,
Illinois - the second largest corn and soy producer - had its wettest six months
in history, with 28.7 inches, which is 8.9 inches above average

Soggy farmland has pushed back the planting season, and some farmers have given
up planting entirely. Farmers worry that wet soil will prevent corn and soybeans
from developing the deep roots, about two to four inches, needed to fully grow.
Oversaturated soil prevents roots from getting oxygen, and ideal moisture is
located directly below the seed, not in the topsoil.

Much of the nation's corn crop is sowed by July, however according to the US
Department of Agriculture in its June acreage report, released last week, 91
percent of corn has yet to germinate, compared with 100 percent during the
extreme drought the same time a year ago. Planted corn acres are estimated at
97.3 million, resulting in a projected harvest of 89.1 million acres, which is
only slightly behind March estimates.

The agency reports that in Iowa, the leading corn producer, farmers planted
about 200,000 fewer acres than expected due to the heavy rains. Other states
that have seen a decrease in planted acreage are Minnesota (300,000 acres),
Wisconsin (150,000 acres), and Kansas (100,00 acres).

"It's been kind of devastating, and it's ruined quite a bit of stuff already,"
Jerry Smith, who farms 700 acres of corn, soybeans, and other crops in Somers,
Wis., told the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel Friday. "We'll probably have a week or
so where we won't have any sweet corn, because we weren't able to get in and
plant it."

Some states, including Texas, Nebraska, and Michigan, overcompensated for the
projected shortfall by planting more acres than typical; Texas led this trend by
planning 300,000 acres more than usual.

Soybean harvest is also behind this season.

The National Weather Service says the drenching rain pattern was created by a
low-pressure system in the South that pumped warm moisture toward a cold front
draped across the North. That resulted in persistent thunderstorms and rain
showers throughout the late spring.

Despite the rainfall in the upper part of the US, farmers in the South and
Southwest continue to worry about possible drought. The US Drought Monitor
reported Thursday that 60 percent of the South, which includes Texas and
Oklahoma, is experiencing some form of drought. Drought is also reaching into
Colorado, Utah, and California; in fact, the Monitor reports that more than 76
percent of the West, with the exception of Montana, is suffering from
moderate-to-exceptional drought conditions.

The hot and dry conditions expanded in the "moderate to exceptional" categories
to 44.1 percent, from 43.8 percent last week. However conditions are faring
better than last fall, when two-thirds of the US was in drought, the worst such
condition since the 1930s.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 31, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NATION;
FIDDLING WITH MILK SUBSIDIES

BYLINE: By Caroline Rand Herron and Michael Wright

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2, Column 4; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 341 words


The Reagan Administration would like to get Washington out of many things. One
of them is farming, particularly dairy farming.

In 1983, the White House won a cut in milk price supports of 50 cents, to $12.60
on about 12 gallons, and built in two more 50-cent cuts. But the trade-off for
that was a new Federal program, which for the first time paid dairy farmers who
wanted to participate not to produce milk. Last week, Agriculture Department
officials went to Capitol Hill to sell a hostile House subcommittee on letting
the ''pay-not-to-milk program'' die when it is due to, tomorrow, and, in
mid-1987, on switching from stockpiling dairy surpluses to limited direct
subsidies to farmers.

Part of the Agriculture subcommittee's problem was how the Adminstration was
getting from the here to there. Under hard questioning, Richard Goldberg, Deputy
Under Secretary of Agriculture, agreed that stockpiling the dairy surplus cost
the Government $1.5 billion in the 1984 fiscal year, $1 billion less than in
1983. But, Mr. Goldberg said, the stockpile was only cheaper - and smaller, down
to 10.4 billion pounds from 16.6 bilion pounds - because farmers were selling
more any overall drop in production.

So, Mr. Goldberg argued, while ending the pay-not-to-milk program would cost
money in price support payments in the short run, cutting the supports further
would in the longer term lead farmers to bring down production. After that, he
said, subsidizing them at a rate based on a percentage of what would then be a
cheaper market price would be far less expensive than stockpiling.

The panel also had political problems that cut across party lines the way the
dairy industry's potent political action committees do. Industry groups that
testified were sharply divided. Those representing larger farmers, who sell most
of their milk to butter and cheese processors, pressed for continuing the
pay-not- to-milk program. Those representing the smaller farmers, whose milk is
bottled for supermarkets, urged that the stockpile continue.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Clinch Valley Times (St. Paul, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2012

Individuals to serve on the Virginia FSA State Committee

BYLINE: Clinch Valley Times staff

LENGTH: 278  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director, J. Calvin Parrish,
announces the individuals who will serve on the Virginia Farm Service Agency
State Committee.

The State Committee members oversee the activities of the agency, including
carrying out the state agricultural conservation programs, resolving appeals
from the agriculture community and helping to keep producers informed about all
FSA programs.

"These individuals work with the USDA to help farmers and ranchers build and
maintain successful operations that produce the safe, nutritious food supply
that America needs while spurring economic development in our nation's rural
communities," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "They bring the experience
and passion necessary to help continue the Obama Administration's efforts to
rebuild and revitalize rural America."

The individuals appointed to serve on this committee include: Maxine G. Arey has
an 80 head dairy operation that also produces corn, soybeans and hay. She is
also a turkey grower out of Bridgewater.

James R. Robinson joins FSA from Winchester. His operation consists of apples,
pasture, row crops and timber production.

Cecil E. Shell has a tobacco, soybean and wheat operation in Ken-bridge. He also
grows sweet potatoes and watermelons.

Charles P. Shorter has a beef cattle operation and grows corn for silage and has
hay production. He also has 100 goats. His operation is in the Bla-cksburg area.

Clifton A. Slade of Surry grows wheat, soybeans, hay, vegetables and specialty
crops. He also is a chicken and swine producer.

Fro more information about FSA programs, visit a local FSA service center or go
online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Clinch Valley Times


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 12, 1985 Thursday

U.S. corn production   forecast to be record

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Dow Jones Service
    WASHINGTON  - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has predicted record
 corn production of 8.47 billion bushels this year, up 11 per cent from
 1984.

Soybean production was forecast at 2.06 billion bushels, also 11 per
 cent higher than last year.

The wheat harvest prediction was 2.4 billion bushels, 8 per cent lower
 than 1984.

Cotton production was forecast at 13.7 million bales, 5 per cent higher
 than last year and down 1 per cent from an Aug. 1 forecast.

The corn prediction was up from an Aug. 1 forecast of 8.27 billion
 bushels, and the soybean forecast was above an Aug. 1 prediction of 1.96
 billion bushels.

In another report, the department estimated Soviet grain imports at 37
 million tonnes for the 1985-86 season, down two million tonnes from an
 earlier estimate. The report cites a slow rate of early season grain
 buying by the Soviet Union.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

THE United States Department o...

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 309 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture released its monthly report this
week, delivering a report seen as positive for wheat, neutral for corn, and
negative for soybeans.

The initial reaction was for a modest rally in wheat prices.

But that faltered on Tuesday night as weakness in share markets, crude oil, corn
and soybeans spilled to wheat.

A rise in the US dollar also added to the downside, although the corresponding
fall in the Australian dollar helped limit the losses in the $A value of US
futures.

The size of the global wheat crop was increased again with larger crops for
India, Kazakhstan, Australia, Brazil and Canada, more than covering for a
decline in the European Union and Chinese crops.

The Australian crop was increased 1 million tonnes to 27.5mt, but this still
lags behind the 28mt announced by ABARES a few hours after the USDA report came
out.

The net increase of 1.41mt takes the global crop to a new record level of
744.85mt if it is achieved.

This is up 10.05mt on last year's record crop.

But with large volumes of cheap feed wheat available, consumption estimates were
also raised, more than wiping out the lift in production, and resulting in the
USDA reducing their ending stocks estimate by 3.75mt.

This is why the report was seen as mildly supportive for wheat.

The two conflicting numbers for the wheat market are that global stocks are
still set to rise by 8.18mt this year but, outside of China and the US, stocks
are set to fall by 8.74mt.

It is this latter number that will be the trigger for the eventual recovery in
wheat prices, possibly as early as during 2017.

While the USDA report was not negative for wheat, the numbers continue to show
why a sharp recovery in prices in the short term is not that likely.

With the US corn and soybean harvest about to gather pace, more pressure is
likely on grain prices in general.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 24, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Soybeans at 12-Week Low Despite Dim Crop Outlook

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 14, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 561 words


Prices of soybean futures tumbled to a 12-week low of $8.07 a bushel on the
Chicago Board of Trade yesterday in reaction to rain and cooler weather in the
drought-stricken Midwest. Corn and oat futures also declined, but wheat
advanced.

In other markets, cotton, coffee and energy futures fell sharply, while
livestock and meat futures were mixed.

The Agriculture Department said the soybean crop suffered immense stress in last
week's heat wave, and private analysts predicted that the department would again
lower its estimate of the soybean harvest in its Sept. 12 crop production
report. But the market ignored these bullish factors, dwelling instead on the
farming region's recent rainfall.

''It's looking pretty good for the beans,'' said Richard Loewy, senior grain and
oilseed analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities in New York. ''With the
moisture that has come in, you're getting some pretty good recovery yield
reports.''

Stronger export demand emerged for both wheat and corn, but most corn contracts
retreated in sympathy with soybeans, Mr. Loewy said.

Overseas demand for United States soybean products remained flat.

''The soybean market is still trying to find some sort of demand out there,''
said Cathy Leow, an assistant vice president at Thomson McKinnon Securities in
New York. ''The U.S. soybean oil market is overpriced, and there's still a lot
of soybean meal supply in the Southern Hemisphere.''

Cotton futures fell sharply on the New York Cotton Exchange. Late Monday the
Agriculture Department decided to revise the cotton program to make this
country's cotton more competitive on the world market. The price support program
has kept the price of American cotton significantly higher than cotton produced
by other nations despite abundant supplies in the United States.

Cotton for October delivery fell the 2-cents-a-pound daily limit during the
session but closed only 1.80 cents lower, at 50.50 cents a pound.

Coffee futures plummeted near the close, mainly on technical factors in the
absence of fresh supply-and-demand news, analysts said. The September contract
settled 4.04 cents lower at $1.2122 a pound.

The coffee market has been volatile lately and likely will remain so through
Sept. 20, when the contract for September delivery expires, said Kim Badenhop,
an analyst in New York with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.

''Traders are having trouble trying to justify major moves in either
direction,'' he said. ''You get a run-up and then everybody sells.''

Oil futures declined in light trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange amid
investor anticipation of higher oil product inventories, analysts said.

In a report issued after the close, the American Petroleum Institute said that
although stocks of gasoline and distillates rose last week, crude oil
inventories declined by nearly 4.3 million barrels.

Analysts had expected a buildup of 2 million to 4 million barrels of crude, said
John Azarow of Shearson Lehman Hutton.

The institute said gasoline stocks were up 349,000 barrels and distillate stocks
were up 2.1 million barrels.

Analysts also said the oil market weakened on a report that Saudi Arabia had
exceeded its OPEC quota for crude oil production during the first three weeks of
August.

West Texas Intermediate crude oil settled 21 cents to 31 cents lower, with
October at $15.70 a barrel.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

USDA farming census: Maine has more young farmers, more land in farms

BYLINE: Abigail Curtis BDN Staff

LENGTH: 594 words


BELFAST, Maine -- Maine may be the oldest state, but it certainly attracts an
outsized crop of young farmers, according to preliminary statistics released
last week from the United States Department of Agriculture's 2012 census.


The number of farmers aged 34 and younger grew by nearly 40 percent in the five
years from 2007 to 2012, the last time the USDA did a comprehensive agriculture
census. That growth surge -- from 396 to 551 young farmers -- far surpassed the
1.5 percent increase in the numbers of young farmers in the United States as a
whole.


Maine's growth spurt of young farmers isn't a surprise to 31-year-old Mike
Bahner, who has owned Bahner Farm in Belmont since 2009 along with his wife,
Christa. Both are originally from out of state, but Mike Bahner said that they
chose to plant their roots here because Maine has a lot going for it for young
farmers. Those draws include relatively affordable farmland, beautiful country,
a good market for their produce and the new farmer programs offered by the Maine
Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association, he said. In addition to vegetables
and blueberries, the couple, who are full-time farmers, are raising two young
children on their farm.


"We're the geezers of the millennial farmers," Mike Bahner joked Friday.


The USDA survey shows other statistics that also indicate that farming in Maine
is on the upswing -- good news, according to John Piotti, president of the
Belfast-based nonprofit Maine Farmland Trust. The data show that the value of
agricultural products in the state has increased 24 percent in five years, that
a growing number of landowners now list farming as their primary occupation and
that the amount of land in farms has increased by 8 percent in the same time
period.


"It's heartening," Piotti said. "Maine agriculture continues to grow."


That's a sharp turnaround from the recent past. In 2000, there were about 7,000
farmers in Maine and farm acres in production were declining significantly, he
told the BDN five years ago. Conventional wisdom in Maine was that agriculture
here was dying, he said Friday. In 2012, the survey counted 8,176 farms and 1.45
million acres of land in farms. Ten years prior, it counted 1.36 million acres
of land in farms.


Nationally, the amount of land in farms declined from 922 million acres to 915
million acres, the third smallest decline in between censuses since 1950. The
numbers of farms in the country also decreased to 2.1 million in 2012, down 4.3
percent from the 2007 agricultural census. But in every New England state, both
the number of farms and the amount of land in farms went up.


The growing numbers of young farmers settling down in Maine also is very
significant, Piotti said, and is a trend that counters common beliefs of the
recent past.


"What I heard from people 10 years ago, 15 years ago, was that young farmers
don't have good tenacity. They'll never stick with it," Piotti said. "The truth
is that the young farmers I know are smart, incredibly committed and very
capable. They understand what they need to do to succeed. They understand the
marketing side. They understand the production side."


That's true, according to Mike Bahner, who said there's much more to the
business than growing beautiful crops.


"Absolutely, you can make a living farming here," he said. "You have to be
business savvy. You have to be market savvy. And you've got to be able to
produce."


The full agricultural census will be released by the USDA in May. More
preliminary information from the report can be found at the website
www.agcensus.usda.gov.




LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            March 1, 2001, Thursday

Farming technology will be precise _ academic

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 19; FARMING

LENGTH: 453 words


WELLINGTON -- Precision farming, through the use of computer and satellite
technology, is expected to grow in popularity in New Zealand in the next few
years.

Machines driven by computers, farmers guided by satellites and decision-support
software could be the future of farming, according to agricultural engineer Ian
Yule.

Dr Yule, director of the New Zealand Centre for Precision Agriculture at Massey
University, told delegates to the university's recent annual conference on
fertiliser and lime research that future productivity gains in farming would
come from smarter use of technology, such as precision agriculture.

Tailoring farming methods to a specific site on a farm appeared to offer huge
opportunities to increase productivity and efficiency, Dr Yule said. The
Palmerston North conference focused on the use of global satellite positioning
technology, soil testing and yield measuring to produce farm maps identifying
the productivity possibilities of a farm.

"Quality assurance is becoming of paramount importance and reliable recording
systems are required to ensure we can guarantee a quality product," Dr Yule
said. "One mistake and our markets will disappear."

Over the history of farming, gains in production had come through innovations
such as replacing oxen with horses, the use of steam power, followed by the
internal combustion engine, followed by modern tractors and in recent years,
more efficient use of machinery, he said.

"Now we need to look to a new area to get to a new productivity level. Precision
agriculture is capable of producing crops at a higher level than we are at the
moment."

Trials done by the university in 1997 on a 13.5ha plot demonstrated the
productivity gains possible with precision agriculture.

Yield mapping of the southern part of the property found a 12 per cent reduction
in yield from the best in the crop. Soil tests found that area had reduced
potassium levels. By varying the fertiliser applications, so that some areas
received no fertiliser, others a normal dressing and another a double dressing,
the crop responded, producing a net benefit of $ 57/ha in 1998.

"Yield mapping suggests parts of our farms are performing beyond expectations,
but some sites are not profitable," Dr Yule told the Massey newsletter.

Yield mapping enabled farmers to switch their farm management from a
paddock-by-paddock to a metre-by-metre basis.

So far only a few farmers in New Zealand are using the differential global
position system (DGPS) for yield- mapping, but use of the technology is expected
to snowball.

Precision farming is becoming common in the United States and Britain. --NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 13, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. TRIMS CORN CROP FORECAST

BYLINE: By BILL KELLER

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 12


The Agriculture Department today scaled back its earlier forecast of a bumper
corn harvest this year, citing an August drought in the Corn Belt.

The department's September crop report predicted corn yields of 7.55 billion
bushels, well above last year's drought-stricken harvest of 4.16 billion bushels
but 2 percent lower than the forecast of a month ago.

Analysts said the lower yields, together with recent Soviet grain purchases,
would shore up grain prices, but probably would not result in major increases
from current price levels.

The Agriculture Department also reduced its estimate of Soviet grain production
from 180 million metric tons, to 175 million metric tons, indicating that the
Soviet Union will continue shopping abroad for livestock feed.

And it reported a sharp improvement this year in European grain production -
from 134 million metric tons, to 144 million metric tons - providing the
Russians with another possible source of supply.



 A 'Snug' Situation

In the United States, there should be little change in average corn prices
despite the lower crop estimates, according to Terry Barr, director of the
department's economic analysis staff. Last month the department predicted prices
would range between $2.70 and $3.05 a bushel over the season, compared with
$3.25 last year.

''I would describe the situation as a little snug,'' said Martin E. Abel, a
private agricultural economist. ''Supplies will be adequate in relation to
prospective demands, but there is not a very big cushion against anything going
wrong with 1985 coarse grain crops.''

In contrast to some private forecasts, the new crop report did not foresee a
signficant reduction in the soybean crop. The report said cool, wet weather in
the South had made up for damage from the drought in the Great Plains and the
Corn Belt.

The soybean forecast was for 2.03 billion bushels, slightly below the August
estimate.



 Bountiful Wheat

The report said hard red spring wheat had fared better than expected, despite
hot weather in Montana and North Dakota, with the result that total wheat
production is expected to be a bountiful 2.57 billion bushels, better than last
year's ample harvest.

Analysts said strong worldwide demand for wheat would probably keep prices firm
through the season, despite full storage bins from last year's crop.

The crop report, the last before the corn and soybean harvests begin, follows a
Soviet grain buying spree that has already amounted to 14.4 million metric tons
of grain for the year ending Sept. 30, and 8.8 million metric tons for the
following year. Most of the advance purchases for next year have been corn.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                           September 20, 2005 Tuesday

USDA estimates Katrina's losses at $900M

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns today estimated U.S. agricultural production
losses from Hurricane Katrina in the mid-south and drought in the eastern Corn
Belt at just $900 million.

The report clashes with the Louisiana Farm Bureau's estimate of $1.1 billion in
ag losses in Louisiana alone after Hurricane Katrina.

"Given the severity of the hurricane, the agricultural losses could have been
much greater," Johanns said. "With that said, there is a long road ahead for
many of our producers who face infrastructure and long-term losses not accounted
for in this assessment. USDA is committed to supporting producers throughout
long and short term recovery."

USDA's September crop production survey indicated cotton production losses in
the range of 4 percent for Alabama and Mississippi, key cotton production
states. Louisiana is estimated to have lost 9 percent of the state's sugar cane
production, which would account for about 1.5 percent of the U.S. sugar
production expected for 2006. Although corn, rice and soybean losses appear
modest, the assessment report acknowledges producers will face higher costs
harvesting the blown-over crops, which will require more time and high-cost fuel
to harvest.

Short-term livestock production losses due to the hurricane are estimated in the
range of $30 million. Millions of chickens were killed. Producers also lost
eggs, poults and chicken grow-out facilities, which will lead to long-term
economic losses for some producers.

Dairy producers discarded an estimated $3 million worth of milk due to lost
electricity on farms and at dairy processing plants and might face a period of
reduced cow productivity. An estimated 10,000 cattle were lost.The nearly $900
million in lost production due to the hurricane compares to a combined total of
$20 billion in farm cash receipts in 2004 for producers in Alabama, Florida,
Louisiana, Mississippi and Tennessee.

Grain and oilseed producers throughout the Midwest have faced reduced prices due
to the shipping interruption in New Orleans ports. Crop insurance will cover a
portion of farm production losses attributable to Hurricane Katrina, the drought
and other adverse weather conditions this year. While coverage varies by crop
and state, in general, 70 to 95 percent of planted acreage is covered by
insurance in the hurricane-affected area and 60 percent to 75 percent of corn
and soybean acreage is covered in the drought-affected area.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 11, 1978 Friday

U.S. corn crop   expected to top   that of 1977

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 182 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON (DJ)
  The U.S. Agriculture Department said that corn production is forecast at
 6.5 billion bushels, 6 per cent above the July 1 forecast and 2 per cent
 above last year's crop.

It said wheat production is placed at 1.82 billion bushels, 10 per
 cent less than last year but 1 per cent above last month. Winter wheat
 prospects declined 2 per cent from July 1, while durum decreased 12 per
 cent and other spring wheat increased 7 per cent.

Soybean production is forecast at a record high 1.77 billion bushels,
 3 per cent larger than the 1977 crop. Food grain production is expected
 to total 56.4 million metric tons, 6 per cent less than in 1977.

Sorghum grain production is forecast at 712 million bushels, down 10
 per cent from last year. Feed grain production (corn, sorghum, oats and
 barley combined) is forecast at 202 million metric tons, slightly above
 last year. Oilseed production (soybeans, cotton, seed peanuts and
 flaxseed combined) is forecast at 54.2 million metric tons, 1 per cent
 more than 1977. Cotton production is forecast at 11.8 million bales, 18
 per cent below 1977.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              December 17, 1991, Tuesday, DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION

Possible Soviet bid lifts wheat futures

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 20, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Prospects that the USSR will soon bid for subsidized U.S. wheat caused wheat
futures at the Chicago Board of Trade to climb US2 1/2 cents to US11 cents a
bushel higher yesterday.

The featured March contract ended at US$3.87 1/2, up US5 1/4 cents. Ideas that
wheat supplies in the U.S. will reach historically low levels also influenced
the buying.

Unexpected demand from Egypt for U.S. wheat also encouraged gains.

The strength in CBOT wheat was enough to help some corn futures move higher. At
the close CBOT corn ranged US 1/4 cents lower to US1 1/4 cents higher. Most
active March ended at US$2.53 1/2, up US 3/4 cents. However, the advances in
wheat were not enough to offset the declines in CBOT soybeans. Soybeans settled
US1 cents to US3 cents lower with featured March down US3 cents at the close at
US$5.57 1/2.

Negative influences in the soybean pit included favorable growing conditions for
the South American soybean crop and the feeling advances Friday were overdone
and in need of a downward correction.

The onset of the Christmas doldrums and resulting lack of demand generated the
weakness that took most grain and oilseed prices at the Winnipeg Commodity
Exchange down. WCE flaxseed settled unchanged to 50 cents a tonne lower with
featured March down 50 cents at $187.30.

A pick up in farmer selling also aided in the downward movement in the feed
complex.

WCE barley ended 10 cents to 70 cents lower with most active March finishing at
$88.80, down 40 cents. WCE wheat closed 30 cents to 60 cents lower with March
ending at $100.20. Concern over sluggish retail beef demand encouraged the
selling that took live and feeder cattle futures at the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange down.

CME live cattle closed US65 cents to US$1.12 a hundredweight lower with featured
February settling at US$71.72, down US88 cents. Feeder cattle at the CME settled
US25 cents to US$1.02 lower. Most sought after March was down US90 cents at the
close at US$76.95.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 1, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid To Farmers Off Slightly

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 30


The prices that farmers received for raw products in November declined slightly
from a month earlier but remained nearly 8 percent above their level a year ago,
the Agriculture Department said today.

The department's Agricultural Statistics Board said in its preliminary report
that lower prices for hogs, corn, grapefruit and soybeans were partly offset by
higher prices for tomatoes, potatoes, milk and sweet corn, resulting in an
overall drop of nearly 1 percent for the month.

In part driven by the summer's drought, prices received by farmers rose
throughout most of 1988, but leveled off in September. November's decline was
the first drop in the index since February.

Wheat Rises 6 Cents

Despite the decline of the overall price index, some commodities continued
higher in November. Wheat, for example, rose 6 cents a bushel, to a United
States farm price average of $3.90 a bushel, its highest level since hitting
$3.95 in May 1981.

Prices of livestock and livestock products as a group were off just less than 1
percent from October. Hog prices, at $36 a hundredweight, were the lowest since
June 1980, while beef cattle prices were unchanged at $67.10. Dairy products and
eggs were higher, while broiler prices declined. Compared with November 1987,
the index was up 5.6 percent.

The department's all-crops price index for November, although unchanged from
October, was up 11 percent from a year earlier. Prices of feed grain and hay as
a group declined 3.7 percent from last month and averaged 49 percent above the
level a year earlier.

Tomatoes Lead the Way

Prices of commercial vegetables were up 22 percent from October but off 30
percent from November 1987. Tomatoes led the price increases, while carrot
prices dropped slightly.

Although the projections are subject to change, Agriculture Department
economists say that net cash income of farmers may be between $55 billion and
$60 billion this year, after hitting a record $57.1 billion in 1987. Net cash
income is the difference between cash receipts and cash expenses during the
calendar year.

Preliminary figures show that food prices for 1988 will average a 4 percent
increase, about the same as last year's rise. For 1989, department economists
are projecting food cost increases in the same range, about 3 to 5 percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices, June 1987-Nov. 1988 (Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Vindicator (Valley Falls, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 20, 2011

Rural Route #8;
The View From

BYLINE: The Valley Falls Vindicator staff

LENGTH: 609  words


Late last week the U.S. Department of Agriculture let loose its annual avalanche
of numbers-filled summations and predictions about farming, even unto a global
level.

That's fitting of course, because agriculture is very global when it comes to
trade and making up for scarcity in unfortunate places with plentitude from the
lucky areas. The climate and weather are worldwide concerns. Right now there is
too much moisture in places like Australia and too little this year in places
like western Kansas and last year in parts of the Russian-controlled expanse.

We, the lucky ones from the United States, have helped out with this idea of
feeding the world for a long time. Obviously, we don't feed the world, because
it mostly feeds itself. However, we have given or sold cheaply for decades to
the have-nots to keep pockets and even nations of people from starving to death
or from suffering debilitating malnutrition.

The late, and some would say, great, Roderick Turnbull, after an illustrious
career as a fantastic farm writer for the Kansas City Star company, as public
relations specialist for the Board of Trade of Kansas

City, would say to tours wandering through trading area, that wheat is harvested
somewhere in the world 50 weeks out of the year. Turnbull, by the way, had roots
in Maple Hill in Wabaunsee County. His people were blacksmiths and
farmer-stockmen.

Even with wheat being so prevalent, shortages do occur from time to time.
Sometimes these shortages are in the form of class of wheat available. Right now
there is a shortage of very high protein wheat, and also quality problems in
Australia and smaller crops expected from some places in the former Soviet
Union. Everyone has fingers crossed for an eventual happy outcome for the Kansas
hard red winter crop, which was hard pressed in the western areas for moisture
from its planting last fall onward. A moist and heavy snow blanket would
probably do wonders for it if that would happen and stay on top of it into
March.

What really figures to be a political and economic player later in the year will
be the prospects and prices of the new corn crop. The USDA now expects al2.445
billion crop this year, which would be nearly a billion bushels fewer than it
expected just a few months ago. Corn carryover is now seen to be just 945
million bushels, or only about three weeks worth of supply.

Ethanol is projected to use 4.9 billion bushels of the corn supply, or 36.5
percent. This is going to make the anti-ethanol crowd of both right and left
wings howl with indignation. Even the folks in the middle who think ethanol does
prop up prices for farmers to some extent, but not to the stratosphere that
other forces like commodity index funds are blamed for doing, believe that dairy
farms will suffer first and dangerously if feed costs rise much more. There will
be more residues for feed available from the alcohol making, but that won't make
up for everything. Cattle feeding will be hit, too, probably. But dairy will
suffer first and worst, they say.

I can see and hear the grocery manufacturers pointing fingers at the corn
growers, despite fuel costs now already up to above $3 a gallon again, just as
they did two years ago.

Whatever the politics or the economic realities, farm marketing experts think
that the nation needs corn farmers to have a big crop and a quality crop in
2011. And, the soybean outlook is similar, with only a 140 million bushel
surplus seen and a big crop needed. Hang on to your favorite seed brand caps. It
could be a wild ride this year on the farm.

Jim Suber is an cward-winningfarm, ranch, and rural life columnist residing on
Rural Route No. 8, Topeka.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VFV

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 The Vindicator


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                          December 31, 1998, Thursday

Lean times for pork industry

BYLINE: MANAGH Neil

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 31; FARMING

LENGTH: 519 words


PALMERSTON NORTH--Feilding's Neil Managh has taken over the helm of the Pork
Industry Board at a time when the industry is under immense pressure. He took
over the role of board chairman on October 1, replacing the retiring Rob
Jeffrey.

Mr Managh, who operates the Ratanui piggery near Feilding, served as a director
for five years and chairman of the market development committee for the last
four.

''I fully understand and appreciate producers' concerns and their feelings of
insecurity about the period we are moving into. I have them myself,'' he said.

Competition from North American imports meant producers had to be more efficient
than ever before in order to survive, he said.

North American imports now accounted for 20 per cent of all pork consumed in New
Zealand, compared with 6 to 8 per cent a few years ago.

Mr Managh said huge oversupply in North America, a result of the Asian financial
crisis, meant producers were dumping pork in New Zealand.

However, there was some positive news from North America, where prices had been
at their lowest level in 30 years, indicating the liquidation of the sow herd
there was well under way.

The herd had dropped by at least 7 per cent already, or 400,000 sows.

Mr Managh said this had given a small rise in pork futures and the United States
Department of Agriculture had predicted a doubling of prices over the next few
months.

New Zealand pork producers needed to realise they were operating in a global
economy that required them to be internationally competitive, he said. New
Zealand pork producers had advantages over their competitors, which they had to
use.

''Because the industry here is that much smaller, our smarter and sharper
operators are in a better position to move quickly and change direction when
required,'' he said.

The number of pork producers had dropped significantly in the last few years.
Almost 2000 producers were registered with the board a few years ago, but that
had now shrunk to 580.

Despite the drop in the number of producers, pork consumption in New Zealand
continues to grow -- up from 12kg per person a year about seven years ago, to
16.6kg per person this year. Consumption reached a record 17kg per person last
month.

Mr Managh said this was a result of aggressive marketing, an influx of
pork-eating immigrants, sophisticated research and development, and rigorous
quality control -- all partially paid for through compulsory levies.

''We must know what's driving us -- what's happening in the marketplace and
what's happening on the farm, and clearly identify where the board's inputs and
services are needed.''

Mr Managh said producers clearly wanted to retain a representative industry
body, funded by a compulsory levy. This was the message the board sent to the
Government in its deregulation proposal last month.

''Basically, we have told Government the industry wishes to establish an
incorporated society to operate under the Commodity Levies Act and we have drawn
up a timetable for this to take place,'' he said. fuat--NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 11, 1980 Saturday

U.S. reduces corn forecast

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 252 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The U.S. Agriculture Department has trimmed by 1 per
 cent its forecast of U.S. corn production this year to 6.47 billion
 bushels. That would put the corn crop at a level 17 per cent below last
 year's harvest.

The department also raised slightly its estimate of U.S. wheat
 production to 2.36 billion bushels from 2.35 billion estimated last month.

That confirms expectations that the U.S. wheat crop - 10 per cent
 larger than last year - will be more than adequate to satisfy the likely
 demand of the Chinese. The United States currently is negotiating a three-
 year wheat and other grain trading agreement with China.

Also, the department forecast cotton production at 11.6 million bales,
 down 1 per cent from the September estimate and 21 per cent lower than the
 1979 output.

The department forecast orange production at 276 million boxes, up 1
 per cent from last season.

Soybean production was put at 1.76 billion bushels, down 4 per cent
 from the department's prior estimate and down 23 per cent from last year's
 harvest.

The department also trimmed by five million metric tons its estimate of
 Soviet grain production this year to 205 million tons. The reduction stems
 primarily from reports of continuing problems with the Soviet harvest
 because of unusually wet weather in the western part of the Soviet Union.

Looking at the world crop situation, the department forecast wheat
 production at 440 million metric tons, down 2 per cent from the previous
 estate, but 5 per cent above last year's harvest.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                            November 3, 2009 Tuesday

Kingdom to develop organic farming

LENGTH: 572 words


Ghazanfar Ali Khan | Arab News
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia, which leads the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council in
terms of ambitious organic farming projects and by setting up a private sector
Saudi Organic Farming Association (SOFA), is currently mapping out a
comprehensive action plan for the development of organic farming and food.

Saudi Minister of Agriculture Fahd Balghunaim, who was elected president of the
10-member SOFA board of directors, said, "The Saudi government has been backing
the initiative to promote organic farming with the help of the German technical
agency GTZ.

"Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Abdullah has donated SR10 million, while
Crown Prince Sultan has given SR5 million to support this initiative and to
ensure the production of organic food to the highest standards and quality."

The project initiative known as "Introduction of Organic Farming into Saudi
Arabia" is being promoted by GTZ, said Agriculture Minister Balghunaim.

The GTZ is also responsible for preparing the organizational set-up for SOFA,
while offering its expertise to the ministry in order to prepare a regulatory
framework for organic farming in Saudi Arabia.

The SOFA, he said, was also entrusted with the task of monitoring organic
production, protecting farmers and promoting consumer awareness. The move is in
line with the policies of European countries, which are also working on the
development of organic farming and food as agreed in the Copenhagen Declaration.

The Copenhagen Declaration states that organic farming is a highly relevant
tool, which contains the potential to participate in solving a range of problems
related to food production, environment, animal welfare, and rural development
simultaneously.

Asked about the exhibition, Balghunaim said, "It is a specialized event of
agricultural machines, technology, water management, recycling and the latest
equipment, which also provides a platform for sharing information and learning
from international expertise."

The highlight of the exhibition is the participation of about nine major Iranian
companies, which are featuring their products and services.

The four-day event features some 250 companies from 32 countries which are
actively participating in the event to exhibit their country's potential in the
field of agriculture. A number of other companies from Saudi Arabia, the United
States, India, Australia, Canada, Egypt, France, the UAE, Pakistan and Malaysia
are also displaying their latest products and services.

The exhibition seeks to show the potential of different countries in the fields
of agriculture and water. The event is important since Saudi food and
agricultural imports are expected to grow by 25 percent in 2009 and exceed the
SR56.35 billion spent on these products in 2008, according to a report. The
Kingdom is currently the GCC's largest agricultural importer, with food and
agricultural products accounting for around 13 percent of total imports and
currently representing the fourth biggest domestic import sector.

This show capitalizes on business and regulatory conditions to showcase the
latest in agricultural and water technology, machinery and equipment, said an
organizer, while speaking at the occasion.

The four-day exhibition will be open from 4.30 p.m. to 10 p.m. daily.

In addition, several workshops, conferences and networking activities will be
featured as part of a strategy to monitor new industry patterns and trends.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2009 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 31, 1989, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Prices Paid to Farmers Rise 0.7% in Month

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 30


The prices that farmers received for raw products rose seven-tenths of 1 percent
from February to March, averaging 15 percent more than a year ago, the
Agriculture Department said today.

The department's Agricultural Statistics Board said in its preliminary report
that higher prices for eggs, broilers, wheat and potatoes were mostly
responsible for the increase from the February average.

Lower prices for tomatoes, oranges, milk and strawberries partly offset the rise
for the other commodities, the report said.

''Market egg prices were at their highest level since April 1984, while the
average broiler price increased moderately from February,'' the report said.
''Feed grain and soybean prices also increased from a month earlier, and the
all-wheat price was at the highest level since February of 1981.''

The preliminary wheat price for March was $4.16 a bushel, up from $4.03 in
February. The price was the highest for the commodity in any month since it was
$4.17 a bushel more than eight years ago.

Egg prices at farms, fewer in number because of large cutbacks last year in the
nation's flock of laying hens, averaged more than 80 cents a dozen, up by 20
cents from February and by almost 30 cents from a year ago.

Most fruit and vegetable prices were down from February, and those for cattle
and hogs also fell slightly.

The drought from last year helped reduce the supplies of such significant crops
as corn, soybeans and wheat, which has resulted in higher prices. But cutbacks
or delayed expansion by many livestock producers have also helped raise market
prices.

The overall index of prices paid to farmers in March averaged 149 percent of a
1977 base that was used for comparison.

According to preliminary March price figures, the index for livestock and
livestock products as a group rose by 1.3 percent from the February average and
was up by 8.1 percent from a year ago. The all-crops price index for March was
down by seven-tenths of 1 percent from February.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of index of prices received by farmers, Oct. 1987-March 1989
(Source: Agriculture Department)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "COASTAL ROOTS FARM" to Coastal Roots Farm CORPORATION
(California)

LENGTH: 227 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: Coastal Roots Farm CORPORATION (California), has been granted
trademark (5093910) titled as "COASTAL ROOTS FARM" from the United States Patent
and Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: Educational services, namely, providing
classes, workshops, seminars and courses of instruction for children and adults
in the fields of agriculture, farming, gardening, and biodynamic principles;
Work and learn seminars in the fields of agriculture, farming, gardening, and
biodynamic principles; Educational services, namely, conducting conferences,
workshops and farm and garden tours in the fields of cooking, food production,
food distribution and the environment; Organizing community agricultural
festivals, community-supported agricultural cultural programs and events;
Providing facilities for educational conferences and educational special events;
Charitable services, namely, providing classes, workshops, seminars, and camps
to children and adults to learn about agriculture, farming, gardening, and
biodynamic principles; Providing a website featuring information about
educational courses in the fields of agriculture, farming, gardening, and
biodynamic principles. FIRST USE: 20150815. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20150930

Filing Date: October 21, 2015

Date of registration: 06-12-2016

First Use in Commerce: 30-09-2015


LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday

AUSTRALIA and New Zealand rank among the world's l

BYLINE: NEIL LYON

SECTION: GRA; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 435 words


AUSTRALIA and New Zealand rank among the world's leading adopters of no-till
farming with 69 per cent of the arable land, or 17.162 million hectares, farmed
under conservation principles. By world standards, Australia has a long history
of no-till and reduced-till farming and a particularly high uptake of controlled
traffic farming where machinery movements are confined to set wheeltracks. But
it is in South America where there has been an exponential rise in conservation
agriculture adoption with 57.5pc of their arable land, or 55.63mha, now run
under zero-till regimes.

Nearly half the land under conservation agriculture in the world is now in South
America. Addressing the 5th World Congress on Conservation Agriculture held in
Brisbane last month, South American conservation agriculture consultant Rolf
Derpsch said that more than 70pc of farming land in Argentina, Brazil and
Uruguay was now under no-till and more than 76pc in Chile and Paraguay. "Farmers
have understood that it is a system that makes it possible to achieve
sustainable agriculture," he said. "They can farm much quicker, save up to 66pc
fuel and have big financial advantages. "They have erosive rains and undulating
country so the erosion problem is always a threat. In the days when they used
conventional tillage, the erosion was catastrophic." Dr Derpsch said the key to
such high adoption was the co-ordinated approach by all sectors of the farming
community. "When you have a multi-stakeholder approach with farmer associations,
co-operatives, municipalities and agencies pushing in the same direction,
farmers become convinced it is the way to go," he said. One-third of the world's
conservation agriculture takes place in North America where the United States
and Canada have 15.4pc of their arable land, or 39.981mha, under no-till. By
contrast, Food and Agriculture Organisation senior officer Theodore Friedrich,
Rome, Italy, said Europe lagged well behind developed world adoption rates with
a mere 0.4pc of its arable land farmed without cultivation. Dr Friedrich said
while harsh climatic conditions and erosion threats had driven the need for
conservation agriculture in countries like the US and Australia, farmers in
Europe had been shielded by the continent's moderate climate and subsidised
agriculture. "Europe has low adoption because the pressure on farmers from
climate is quite low because in the recent past, the weather has been kind to
European farmers," he said. "Also, with the subsidies in Europe, European
farmers didn't have the same pressure to cut costs as farmers in South America
or Australia.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           December 21, 2002, Sunday

NEWSLINES

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 212 words


l TOTAL throughput of pigs in Northern Ireland this year is 23.8 per cent
higher, at 1,135,823 head.

l IRISH Farmers' Association Potato Committee chairman, John Sheridan, said that
Dunnes Stores's decision to sell 10kg of washed potatoes at EUR4.99 (pounds
3.19) "once again highlights the fact that the multiple is exploiting
hard-pressed potato growers".

l KEVIN Roberts has been confirmed in his role as director-general of the Meat
and Livestock Commission.

l UNJUSTIFIED negative attitudes about agricultural biotechnology are
contributing to the ongoing famine in southern Africa and harming America's
agricultural trade, a senior United States Department of Agriculture official
says.

l FEARS in the Republic of Ireland over possible restrictions on exports to the
Russian market have eased, as price tariffs on beef are now considered unlikely
and any European Union export quota for 2003 is set to exceed the total volume
of EU exports in 2002.

l EATING more vegetables and soya-based products may by as effective as
medication at cutting cholesterol, according to scientists at the University of
Toronto.

l HAROLD Hamilton, chairman of United Dairy Farmers, has been elected chairman
of the United Kingdom Dairy Association for 2003.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 1, 2002 Saturday Home Edition

WAR ON TERRORISM: State to get federal funds to protect agriculture from terror
;
$2.3 million targeted for livestock, crops

BYLINE: DON PLUMMER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 496 words


Georgia will receive $2.3 million to combat agriterrorism, federal officials
said Friday.

The state's allocation of emergency funds from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture is part of $43 million being sent to all 50 states to deal with
biosecurity threats.

Agriculture Undersecretary Bill Hawks said Friday in Atlanta that each state
received some money according to the size of the state's agricultural industry.

Georgia's allocation will be administered by state officials, Hawks said, with
$2 million going to rapid detection and diagnosis programs. Animal disease
response will get $133,669, plant pest and disease detection receives $75,000,
and animal disease surveillance programs get $53,095.

Overall, the money being sent to states includes $20.6 million for state and
university programs to establish a network of diagnostic laboratories to create
rapid diagnosis systems for animal diseases. Another $14 million will go to
strengthen state abilities to respond to animal disease emergencies. State
animal disease surveillance programs will receive $4.5 million, and $4.3 million
will go to assist states in improving detection of plant pests and diseases.

Rep. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), chairman of the House terrorism and homeland
security subcommittee, said agriculture and livestock is Georgia's largest
industry, making the state a logical target for intentional sabotage.

"We are the largest broiler producer in the United States, and there have always
been concerns about pathogens that might be injected into our broiler
community," said Chambliss, who is running for the U.S. Senate seat held by Max
Cleland. "We're also the largest peanut-producing state in the country, and we
are one of the largest vegetable producers in the country. . . . Certainly, we
know and understand that the potential for acts of terrorism to occur in Georgia
is very great."

Hawks, who is in charge of the U.S. Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service,
said that deterring agriterrorism hasn't received the attention as thwarting
airline hijackings, but the effort has been intense.

"We at the Department of Agriculture have reacted since Sept. 11 like a duck
swimming on the water," Hawks said. "You have not seen a lot of movement, but we
have been taking a lot of actions to prevent the intentional introduction [of
plant and animal diseases]."

Earlier this year, $177 million was designated to improve security at key USDA
facilities, including the Ames, Iowa, animal disease research and diagnostic
center and the Plum Island, N.Y., animal disease facilities, Hawks said.

Another $35 million will be spent to strengthen the agricultural quarantine
inspection program to block agricultural pests and diseases at the nation's
border, he said. The Food Safety and Inspection Service will spend more than $16
million to hire and train additional inspections and expand technical
capabilities.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 22, 2009 Wednesday

Farmer Hank leaves legacy of farming behind

BYLINE: Chris McDaniel, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 951 words


Jul. 22--Henry "Hank" Julian Czajkowski, a man who loved to share the art of
agriculture with local students, has died. The long time Yuma resident became
famous locally for his love of farming, and his willingness to share it with
anyone who was interested.

Farmer Hank, as he was known to students who could not pronounce his name,
passed away at his Yuma home Monday. He was 85.

"My father means everything to me," said Mark Czajkowski. "He was the best dad
anybody could ever have, and was the nicest guy you'd meet. He taught me
everything I know about farming. I miss him very much. He was a kind and gentle
person who was always smiling. There was nothing negative about him. He is going
to be missed by everyone."

According to Mark, his father was born January 2, 1924 in Detroit, Michigan to
Julian and Felicia Czajkowski. He spent his youth on his parents' farm in
Dearborn, Michigan.

Mark said Hank served in the U. S. Army 78th Infantry Signal Corps during World
War II and was stationed in England, France and Belgium. Not long after
returning to Michigan at the end of his enlistment he embarked on a trip around
the western United States.

Mark said his father was so impressed with the thriving agriculture he saw in
the winter months in California and Arizona that he decided not to continue his
engineering studies in Michigan, deciding instead to enroll in the College of
Agriculture at the University of Arizona.

According to the Mark, Hank returned to Michigan in 1949 to marry Berniece
Czarniecki of Grand Rapids. The couple then lived in Tucson while Hank completed
his studies. In 1951, after receiving his Master's Degree in Agronomy, he and
Berniece moved to Yuma.

Mark said Hank's first job in Yuma was as a fieldman with Arizona Fertilizers,
which afforded him the opportunity to become familiar with the Yuma farming
community.  In 1955 the family purchased farming acreage in the North Gila
Valley.

Mark said during a wet winter in the early 60's, his father noticed how many
open cotton bolls fell to the ground and were left behind by the cotton picking
machinery. One day, while putting Tinkertoys together with one of his young
sons, the idea came to him that the fallen cotton bolls could be picked up if
there was an extra set of "hands" attached to the cotton picker.

According to Mark, his father fashioned a wheel with "fingers" from his sons
Tinkertoys, and then created the first prototypes out of old truck tires.  Hank
perfected his invention and received patents for what became known as the Best
Cotton Saver.  Marwin, Inc. was formed to manufacture and sell the Best Cotton
Savers.

Mark said over the following years adaptations were made to the original design
which enabled it to work on hay, peanut, wheat and tomato harvesters. These
Savers were shipped all over the United States and even to Australia and Europe.

According to Mark, Hank did a great deal of traveling to demonstrate the devices
while Berniece did the book-keeping and placed orders for manufacturing
materials.

Mark, who is Hank's youngest son, now runs the business.

Mark said his father was always interested in aviation, and eventually became a
licensed pilot. Over the years he owned several single-engine planes which he
often used to fly over the North Gila Valley.

Mark said Hank was active in a number of agricultural and environmental
organizations which focused on improving soil conditions, natural resource
conservation and environmental issues.  He was among the early group of farmers
to use land leveling and irrigation ditch linings to improve irrigation
efficiency and conserve water.

According to Mark, Hank was involved with the Arizona Farm Bureau, Laguna
Natural Resources Conservation District, Arizona and National Associations of
Conservation Districts, Lower Colorado River Resources Conservation and
Development Board, Soil and Water Conservation Society, Bureau of Land
Management, Yuma Conservation Garden Education Center and Antique Farm Equipment
Museum and the Yuma Proving Ground Legacy Project for desert reclamation.

Hank was honored over the years with such prestigious awards as the State
Goodyear Conservation Award (1982), the Governor's Conservation Achievement
Award (1987), the Arizona Wildlife Federation's Water Conservationist of the
Year (1987) and the Farm Bureau's Environmental Enhancement Award (1996).

In 2007, Hank and Berniece received the Arizona Farm Bureau's Heritage Award to
recognize their many years of commitment to agriculture.

According to Mark, Hank loved being a part of the Agriculture in the Classroom
program. For over a decade, Hank captured the attention of Yuma elementary
school children with the video he made entitled "A Busy Day on the Farm with
Coco."

Mark said Coco, the family's German shorthair dog, cleverly "narrated" the video
to show the students what it takes to produce food and fiber with modern
machinery.  Hands-on projects like making thread from cotton bolls and planting
seeds in pots and watching them grow kept the youngsters' interest after Farmer
Hank's visit was over.

According to Mark, Hank estimated that he reached 10,000 students over the years
with his agriculture story.  To honor him for his commitment to Agriculture in
the Classroom, he was presented with the Service to Agriculture Award by the
Farm Bureau.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090722-YZ-Farmer-Hank-leaves-legacy-of-farming-behind-0722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2009 The Sun


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 6, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Would You Want Your Child to Be a Farmer?

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 296 words


To the Editor:

Contrary to Murray N. Rothbard's belief, farmers are not businessmen. Their lack
of cash flow is ample evidence. As John F. Kennedy noted, ''Farmers buy at
retail, sell at wholesale and pay the freight both ways.'' No, agriculture is
production-oriented, not market-oriented. The Cargills and the
Archer-Daniels-Midlands may be ''agribusinesses'' but they are a far cry from
farming.

Farmers are not homogeneous or monolithic. The New England orchardist has little
in common with the Arizona cotton grower; the Wisconsin dairy farmer has little
empathy for the New Jersey blueberry producer.

Farmers have little control over production. (Dr. Rothbard might hypothesize how
one could milk half a cow.) Farmers have no control over the market or
embargoes. They are at the mercy of weather, insects and diseases that can wipe
out a crop quicker than a foundation director can go on a sabbatical.

Representing less than 3 percent of the population, American farmers have made
crop and livestock production the envy of the world. Their rapid adoption of the
latest scientific findings of the experiment station network makes it possible
for the rest of us, including Dr. Rothbard, to pursue other interests. The
''cheap-food policy,'' in place for the last 50 years, has in effect subsidized
consumers.

America is the best-fed country in the world, and we spend less of our incomes
for an abundant supply of safe, nutritious and varied food.

''Will the farmer,'' your headline asks, ''ever stop wailing?'' Probably not
until receiving a fair return on labor and investment, and until
calorie-conscious Americans appreciate the source of those calories. There is no
such thing as a free lunch - or a free market. CHESTER J. TELLER Trenton, May
18, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 19, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Huge Planting Looms; Grain Futures Weaken

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 10, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 481 words


Prices of grain and soybean futures fell yesterday as traders awaited a
Government report on spring planting, which analysts said could mean a further
decline in prices today. A similar report on cotton was considered neutral for
prices.

After the close of trading, the Agriculture Department said a survey of farmers
showed they planned to plant 84.74 million acres in corn this spring. This would
be about 500,000 acres more than last year, and the figure was 2 million acres
more than analysts had expected.

''It's distressingly large,'' said Jay Meehan of Staley Commodities
International in Chicago. He said the prospect for increased plantings this year
would have a negative effect on prices, especially since ''there already is an
overwhelming supply problem'' caused by last fall's record harvest.

The Government report also showed farmers intending to increase their soybean
acreage to 69.54 million from last year's 68 million.  Analysts and Agriculture
Department officials said that the figures might not accurately reflect eventual
participation in the acreage reduction program that was announced last month.
Because of last year's huge harvest, Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said on
Jan. 29 that farmers who want Federal price supports and other benefits for 1982
crops of wheat, corn, barley, oats, sorghum, cotton and rice would have to
reduce their acreage from last year.

In yesterday's trading, corn for March delivery fell to $3.61 3/4 a bushel.  The
Agriculture Department also reported that cotton producers indicated acreage
devoted to their crop would be reduced by 12 percent, to 12.59 million acres.
This figure was slightly higher than market participants had been expecting.

Ernest Simon, a cotton specialist in New York with Bache Halsey Stuart Shields,
said futures prices could drop as traders continue to liquidate positions in the
March contract, which is entering the delivery process.

Prices of interest rate futures rose sharply. Traders expect a decrease in the
nation's money supply to be reported after the close of trading today, analysts
said.

Prices have fallen several consecutive weeks as M-1, the basic money-supply
measurement (currency in circulation plus all deposits in checking accounts),
showed unexpected rises. This has led to the idea that the Federal Reserve would
not be able to loosen its tightcredit policy because of fears of rekindling
inflation.

Livestock futures were mixed, and pork bellies rose in trading yesterday.
Precious metals continued to move lower, while copper prices settled a little
higher.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Animal ag demand for U.S. soybean meal grows;
Checkoff study

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 468  words


ST. LOUIS (Nov. 26, 2013) - U.S. animal agriculture's consumption of U.S.
soybean meal increased by 1 million tons, or the meal from 42 million bushels of
soybeans, in the 2011/12 marketing year, according to a soy-checkoff-funded
report. This is good news for soybean farmers since domestic animal agriculture
uses about 97 percent of the U.S. soybean meal consumed in the United States.

Despite this welcomed increase, the report concluded that U.S. soybean farmers
shouldn't let their support for the animal ag industry weaken. Animal ag farmers
face pressures like rising feed costs and dwindling U.S.-consumer demand.
Because animal ag continues to be U.S. soybean farmers' No. 1 customer, these
pressures also threaten the profitability of all soybean farmers, the report
said.

"The success of the U.S. soybean industry relies on the strength of the U.S.
animal agriculture industry," says Mike Beard, a checkoff farmer-leader who
grows soybeans and raises hogs on his farm in Frankfort, and.'The best way we
can support our customers and ensure they remain competitive is with
better-quality soybeans."

The report, titled the National Animal Agriculture Economic Analysis, also
outlined the economic benefits the poultry and livestock sectors provide at the
state and national levels. In 2012, animal ag provided the following benefits to
the national economy: Support for 1.8 million jobs $346 billion in total
economic output A $60 billion impact on household incomes $21 billion in income
and property taxes paid Read about animal ag's economic benefits for each state
in the full report <http://messaging.unitedsoy-bean.org.

According to the study, U.S. poultry, livestock and fish farmers used more than
30 million tons of soybean meal in the time period measured, or the meal from
more than 1.26 billion bushels of U.S. soybeans. Broilers and swine continue to
be by far the two biggest soybean-meal consumers. The meal consumption per
species breaks down as follows:

Broiler chickens: the meal from about 476 million bushels of U.S. soybeans

Hogs: the meal from about 410 million bushels Laying hens: the meal from 84
million bushels Turkeys: the meal from more than 75 million bushels Other: the
meal from about 217 million bushels The 69 farmer-directors of USB oversee the
investments of the soy checkoff to maximize profit opportunities for all U.S.
soybean farmers. These volunteers invest and leverage checkoff funds to increase
the value of U.S. soy meal and oil, to ensure U.S. soybean farmers and their
customers have the freedom and infrastructure to operate, and to meet the needs
of U.S. soy's customers. As stipulated in the federal Soybean Promotion,
Research and Consumer Information Act, the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service
has oversight responsibilities for USB and the soy checkoff.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Human Interest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 West Lyon Herald


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   The Rural

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

The latest United States Department of Agriculture

BYLINE: Nikki Reynolds

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 342 words


The latest United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) report was released
this month.

It was largely in line with the market's expectations with small cuts to
Argentinean corn and beans due to the weather issues that have been experienced
in these areas.

Brazilian beans were reduced by the USDA which was as per trade expectations as
well.

The USDA also cut China's soybean imports to 55.5mmt which is a reduction of
1mmt from the USDA's report in January.

The surprising aspect of the latest report came in the form of an increase in
world ending stocks for wheat which were increased by 3mmt to 213.1mmt, which is
an all time high.

This increase in world wheat stocks came mainly from an increase to Indian wheat
crop production which was increased by 800,000 tonne to 86.8mmt.

At the same time world consumption was reduced to 680.48mmt which is a reduction
of 1mmt. The USDA also increased the forecast US exports by 25 million bushels
to 975 million bushels.

Another potential surprise to the market was the fact that the USDA did not
reduce the record Brazilian corn crop which was used in the last USDA report
released last month of 61mmt.

This in addition with the above elements including a reduction in the Chinese
soybean crop, larger than expected Brazilian soybean crop, a reduction in
Chinese soybean imports and larger than expected Ukraine corn exports are seen
as slightly bearish sentiments for the market and prices for the short term.

Internationally, the USDA reduced Canadian exports to 17.5mmt which is down from
18mmt last month.

This was seen by some in the market as a little bit a premature reaction as
there is still seven months remaining in the Canadian marketing year.

The USDA increased the Kazakhstan wheat crop to 22.7mmt which makes this
forecast an all time record for Kazakhstan.

The USDA increased Russian exports to 20.5mmt.

The USDA did cut exports out of Ukraine to 6mmt, which is a reduction of 1mmt,
on the back of concerns about deteriorating weather conditions this year.
Australian exports were left unchanged at 21mmt.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 17, 2003 Monday

WTO talks face setback as farming deadline slips;
Negotiators say it's hard to find much progress and tempers are starting to
flare

BYLINE: SCOTT MILLER

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B20

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS


The World Trade Organization's current round of trade talks, where negotiations
have fallen behind on a number of fronts, appears headed for its biggest setback
yet with an agreement on agricultural liberalization almost certain to miss a
major deadline.

Agriculture is widely seen as the linchpin of the current round of trade
negotiations, known as the Doha Round. Many poor countries complain their rich
counterparts spend as much as $1-billion (U.S.) a day on trade-distorting
subsidies and that freeing farming is one of the best ways to help their
economies. What's more, developing countries have shown themselves reluctant to
make trade concessions in areas important to other members until they feel that
the agricultural playing field is levelling.

Trade officials are bracing themselves for the prospect of failing to meet a
crucial end-of-March deadline for agreeing on a broad framework for agriculture
talks. The bleak prospects are likely to be underlined this week with the WTO's
fresh attempt to find common ground, a consensus-seeking report by chief
agriculture negotiator Stuart Harbinson, expected to show scant progress.

"It's going to be a tall order based on what we are hearing from some of our
trading partners," said Canada's ambassador to the WTO, Sergio Marchi. "We will
keep our eyes fixed on March 31, and see where things stand on April 1."

He and others worry that failure to meet the March 31 deadline will be another
step down a slippery slope for the WTO. With the Geneva-based body's inability
to agree on medicines or preferential treatment for poor countries in December,
numerous critical issues remain unresolved and promise to complicate
high-profile meetings of the world's trade ministers in Cancun, Mexico, in
September.

The agriculture talks are roughly divided between countries that favour radical
agriculture liberalization such as the United States, Canada and Australia. On
the other side are the European Union, Japan and Norway, all of which provide
heavy agricultural subsidies and favour slower agricultural liberalization.

Talks on farming got off to a bad start last month when Mr. Harbinson unveiled
his first attempt to find common ground among the WTO's 145 members. Even before
the report was made public, the EU circulated a critical response, saying it
required more concessions from the 15-nation bloc than from the United States.
At the same time, however, agriculture-exporting nations such as Australia
attacked the WTO's plan as not going far enough. Massive tariffs on Japanese
rice, for example, would still remain sky high, Australian farmers complain.

So far, trade negotiators say, it is hard to find a single area where there has
been meaningful progress toward reaching a consensus in the three main areas of
the talks: market access, such as tariffs and quotas; export issues, such as
export subsidies and subsidized food aid; and, maybe the most contentious,
domestic supports designed to help farmers in their home markets.

As the talks progress, tempers are starting to flare. WTO insiders say that
director-general Supachai Panitchpakdi has on several occasions been visibly
unable to restrain his frustration, arguing passionately.

Some trade officials are turning on the WTO process itself. EU Trade
Commissioner Pascal Lamy, for example, has even attacked the report for being
too detailed. As an initial draft, it should have laid out only rough guidelines
for agriculture talks, he said.

"The situation is getting rather difficult, to put it mildly," said Kare Bryn,
Norway's ambassador to the WTO. "In many ways, what has happened during
so-called negotiations is that they haven't been negotiations at all."

Maybe the biggest obstacle hanging over the agriculture talks is the EU's Common
Agriculture Policy. The pact stipulates how much money the EU spends on
agriculture, limiting negotiating room for trade officials.

All the while, faith in the WTO may be weakening. Some in the United States,
already frustrated by Europe's unwillingness to allow imports of U.S.
genetically modified crops, are asking if the world trade body is necessary.
House Ways and Means Committee chairman Bill Thomas said last month that if the
EU doesn't liberalize its farming sector, there would be strong sentiment in
Congress for the United States to leave the WTO when lawmakers vote on renewing
its membership in 2005.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2015

Family farms are future of agriculture;
Other Views

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 718  words


My family owns a farm near Medina, and we now are transitioning that operation
to Steve Sund and his family. Our farm has always been and will always remain a
family farm committed to serve the health of the land and the community.

In my career I've had the opportunity to directly observe the evolution of
corporate- owned farms. Such farms operate by a single principle: maximum,
efficient production for short-term economic return (especially return to the
shareholders). There are no incentives in that business model to attend to the
health of the land or the community. As an article from Time magazine pointed
out in October 1992, the corporatization of U.S. agriculture makes farmers
"virtual serfs on their own land." That is not the path to a future sustainable
food and farming system in this country.

The expansion of non-family corporations into North Dakota will enhance the
undemocratic and unfair system that is damaging communities across the world.
Non-family corporations are attacking Country of Origin Labeling (COOL),
destroying food sovereignty, and fighting to weaken laws that protect people,
land, and communities. It is in everyone's interest to attend to this
destructive process.

Weakening the anti-corporate farming law in North Dakota is a grim mistake. The
movement toward large-scale industrial agriculture is not just about unfair
economics; it is about the negative impacts on quality of life, the environment,
and destruction of rural communities. Non-family corporate controlled
agriculture is destroying rural communities across the United States.

Furthermore, these structures are extremely energy intensive and cannot continue
to operate as energy-costs go up. As an example, when crude oil rose to
$147/barrel back in 2007, corporate hog operations in Iowa were losing $20 a
hog. We need to prepare for a future when crude oil will likely be much higher
than that. We need to design farming systems that are more regenerative, more
diverse and more self-renewing.

Corporate farms operating on the principle of short-term return, devoted to
"getting big or getting out," and farming "fencerow to fencerow" are not
sustainable. Family farms operating on the principle of taking care of the land
and their communities will have a distinct competitive advantage.

Family agriculture in rural North Dakota is thriving because North Dakota's
farmers and ranchers are the experts. They are in the best position to make
decisions about how to use their land and run their businesses.

And most importantly, they operate on the principle of affection -- affection
for land, affection for community, affection for home, and for your neighbor.
The focus for North Dakota must be on strengthening family-run agriculture,
rural communities and using the tools we have to grow the economy from the
bottom up.

We have an ideal system of family farm agriculture in N.D. It is not a relic of
the past -- it is the agriculture of the future. North Dakotans support and want
food produced on a family farm where food safety, food security, and stewardship
of land and livestock are a way of life.

N.D. Farmers Union and Dakota Resource Council have got it right. Why change a
system we know-works? Together with volunteers from across the state, these
groups have successfully completed a petition drive to refer Senate Bill 2351,
which weakened protections for family run ag in N.D. The Secretary of State's
Office is now verifying the over 21,000 signatures collected for placement on
the June 2016 ballot.

All of this is not just about short-term economics as a recent Fargo Forum
editorial implied, it is about long-term food and farming resilience, and that
security is in everyone's interest. How North Dakotans vote on this issue in
2016 will have a strong impact on our food future, and that does kick up more
than a "dust devil's worth of difference."

(Kirschenmann is president of Kirschenmann Family Farms near Medina. A member of
Dakota Resource Council, Kirschenmann has given talks around the world on
agricultural issues and is the author of the 2010 book, "Cultivating an
Ecological Conscience: Essays from a Farmer Philosopher.")

North Dakotans support and want food produced on a family farm where food
safety, food security, and stewardship of land and livestock are a way of life.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Billings County Pioneer


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 21, 2001 Thursday

Organic farming ... a growing market; New Mellerey Abbey seminar: Despite being
a big trend, farmers don't expect it to totally take off in the U.S.

BYLINE: JOE HEITZ

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: PEOSTA, Iowa


Many in the crowd took a slight step back as the large green tractor and
cultivator began spurting little flags of flame into the fledgling corn.

"I can turn this up and you'll think you were at Cape Canaveral," joked New
Melleray Abbey farm manager Dave Ruden as he began to demonstrate flame
cultivation. The organic process burns both weeds and corn, but the corn quickly
recovers weed-free.

More than 60 people from the tri-state area gathered at New Melleray Abbey south
of Peosta Wednesday to explore flame cultivation and other organic farming
techniques.

"I hope they learn a little bit more about organic farming," Ruden said. "It's
just a good time. People come and share ideas."

New Melleray Abbey has hosted the event every year since 1995, organizers said.
This year's field day was co-sponsored by Practical Farmers of Iowa and the
Michael Fields Agricultural Institute.

The monastery began organically farming part of its 3,500 acres eight years ago,
said Brother Kevin Knox, New Melleray farm supervisor. Approximately 600 acres
are now certified as organic and Knox hopes to expand that number to include the
entire 2,000 acres of monastery cropland over the next decade.

"We hope to share the philosophy of sustainable agriculture, which is
cooperation with nature rather than fighting it," Knox said. "The end-result is
it produces better food."

Organic farming works well for New Melleray, Ruden said.

"Last year, our organic beans outyielded the conventional beans," he said. "But
last year was exceptional."

However, both Ruden and Knox emphasized the importance of starting small when
beginning the transition into organic agriculture. It takes three years of
chemical-free farming to be certified organic, they told the crowd. In that
interim, farmers must deal with the worst of both worlds - reduced organic
yields and low conventional-commodity prices.

"It takes a lot of commitment," Ruden said. "You're never really going to see it
take off here in the United States because farms need to get bigger to make it."

But there is a good market for organic produce, he added. Organic soybeans sell
for at least $$ @11.50 per bushel - more than twice as much as conventional
beans.

With markets like that, farmers are starting to look into organic production.

"This niche has been growing at about 20 percent a year," Ruden said. "But we'll
still never take over."

Dyersville farmer Jude Becker began farming organically five years ago. He now
raises organic soybeans, corn, oats, wheat, hay and hogs. His livestock is fed
only all-natural feed and does not receive any antibiotics.

"It's pretty hard at first," he said. "But I've had some success. There's such
an untapped market."

Cuba City, Wis., farmer Chuck Timmerman hopes organic farming can provide a
niche market to help sustain family farms.

"Biotechnology is coming back to haunt us," he said. "You want to go back to the
basics."

However, even organic agriculture is undergoing change.

The United States Department of Agriculture recently got involved in organic
certification, Ruden said. Previously, there were several agencies setting
standards and regulations.

"This past year, USDA stepped in, set the rules and leveled the playing field,"
he said.

However, the USDA's requirements still are being developed. They may alter
acceptable compost specifications and the distance needed between organic and
conventional fields.

But one thing is certain - the requirements will be standardized.

"It's going to be a lot easier now," Ruden said.


LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mugs - Dave Ruden, Kevin Knox, Jude Becker, C. Timmerman

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 29, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

IF HEAT SPELL CONTINUES, FARMERS WILL BE HURTING;
FOR MANY, THE LACK OF RAIN IS THE BIGGEST WORRY

BYLINE: Repps Hudson; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A9

LENGTH: 648 words


To paraphrase Ira Gershwin, it's summertime, and the livin's not easy.

Too many farmers this year are worrying that a long stretch of hot days in the
90s will stunt their crops and shock their livestock.

Interviews with grain and livestock farmers in Missouri and Illinois this week
produced this kernel of truth: With prices for row crops, meat and milk among
the lowest anyone can remember, few farmers can take much more of this hot, dry
weather without going dangerously into debt.

Farm failures can have a severe impact on smaller towns closely tied to the
agricultural economy. They also could help to drive up the cost of food at
supermarkets over the long run.

"If prices are low and the yield gets high, that'll keep them in business
another year," said Dickie Jordan of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency in the Bootheel, an area that produces a cornucopia of soybeans,
corn, milo, rice, potatoes and wheat. "They can't continue without rain and
crops."

Timing of the rain is crucial, farmers say.

"We're entering the pod-filling and ear-filling time. Without moisture, they
won't fill out," said Ken Schafer, 42, a farmer in Illinois' Jersey County who
raises and feeds about 700 hogs a year, as well as raising more than 600 acres
of soybeans, corn and winter wheat.

If rain comes - more than just "pop-up showers" that sprinkle a few drops and
then disappear - farmers are likely to have plenty of grain to sell this fall or
next spring.

"The weather factor is greater than ever with farm prices down like they are,"
said Jim French, a John Deere dealer in Charleston, Mo., in the Missouri
Bootheel.

Like many farm implement dealers, French is hoping for rain and cooler
temperatures through the end of August, the soybean- and corn-growing season. If
farmers do well, he reasons, he may stanch the 50 percent drop in sales he's
experiencing this year as one of Mississippi County's largest dealers.

The last two weeks of nonstop blistering temperatures have taken their toll on
livestock, too. Schafer, in Jersey County, said his hogs aren't putting on any
weight because they don't eat well in the heat.

Likewise for Calvin Lindwedel's 115 Holsteins at Lindwedel Dairy Farm about five
miles north of Hillsboro on state Highway 21. His milk production has been
dropping since the heat set in.

On July 1, before the thermometer hit the 90s and stuck there, Lindwedel's cows
produced 7,234 pounds of milk. On Tuesday, they gave 6,202 pounds, a 14.2
percent drop, or 1,032 pounds less.

"Cows are just like a person," Lindwedel said. "They don't eat when it gets too
hot."

To counteract the effects of the heat, Lindwedel equips open sheds with fans and
misters to keep his cows cool.

That 14 percent drop also costs the dairyman more than $ 120 a day. Raw milk is
selling for about $ 12 a hundred pounds, about one third of the price of
processed milk at the grocery store. A gallon of processed milk in the grocery
store fetches $ 3 or more. One hundred pounds of milk produces about 12 gallons.

For orchard owners and produce farmers, the weather hasn't begun to take a harsh
toll - yet.

Dennis Ringhauser of Ringhauser Orchards in Jersey County is proud of his
succulent Red Haven and Glo Haven peaches at his stand south of Jerseyville.

For peaches, the growing season was this spring, which was mild and blessed with
ample rain. Moderate temperatures kept winter's usual stress off the trees,
provoking many peach growers to brag that this crop is one of the best in years.

Mitch Watson, a produce farmer who tends five acres of tomatoes, sweet peppers,
zucchini, corn, banana peppers and Japanese eggplants one mile west of Grafton
on Illinois Highway 100, fears for the rest of the summer. His time frame is
shorter, though.

"If we don't get rain in the next week, we're down the tubes," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Color Photo by LAURIE SKRIVAN/POST-DISPATCH - At the Lindwedel
Dairy Farm near Hillsboro, dairy cattle cool off in an open shed equipped with a
misting spray earlier this week. The persistent heat lowers milk production
because a cow, like many people, will eat less when it's too hot.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 9, 2014

Farmers market scholarship applications due by Dec. 15;
Open to all small, Delmarva farmers

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 344  words


The Historic Lewes Farmers Market is still seeking applications for its 2015
scholarship program for all small Delmarva farmers interested in learning about
sustainable practices and growing for the local market.

To receive an application and more information about the conference, call
302-644-1436 or email HistoricLewesFarmersMarket@comcast.net Completed
applications are due no later than Monday, Dec. 15. All scholarship applicants
will be notified of awards by Jan. 5.

Several $500 scholarships will be awarded to small Delmarva farmers to attend
the premier sustainable conference in the Mid-Atlantic, the Pennsylvania
Association for Sustainable Agriculture Annual Farming for the Future Conference
to be held Feb. 4 to 7 in State College, Pa., or a similar conference such as
the Mid Atlantic Fruit and Vegetable Conference to be held Jan. 27 to 29 in
Hershey, Pa. The Southern Sustainable Agriculture Working Group Conference is
also excellent and will be held Jan. 14 to 17 in Mobile, Ala.

These conferences draw farmers interested in education about sustainable
agriculture practices from a broad section of the East Coast, Mid Atlantic and
the South with similar growing conditions to the Delmarva. For more information
about the conferences, go to www.pasafarming.org, www.mafvc.org or
www.ssawg.org.

To be eligible for the scholarship, the Delmarva farmer must currently be
developing a sustainable farming enterprise, or currently farming on the
Delmarva Peninsula; operate a small farm (low-sales) as defined by the Economic
Research Service for the U.S. Department of Agriculture (less than $250,000
gross in agricultural sales) on Delmarva, or be able to demonstrate financial
need to attend this conference; or be a farmer/grower who sells what they grow,
raise or produce on their own farm.

A farmer/grower may be a sole proprietorship, a partnership, or a corporation
and shall include family members and employees who assist in the production
and/or sales/marketing of the farm products; and be willing to attend the HLFM
workshop held in the spring.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Preston County Journal (Kingwood, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 30, 2011

Farming remains a major industry here

BYLINE: The Preston County Journal staff

LENGTH: 374  words


Earlier this month the work of farmers and producers around the United States
was honored during the annual Agriculture Day.

Hosted by the Agriculture Council of America, the national campaign is about
recognizing and celebrating the contributions of agriculture in everyday life.

In a society where grabbing a burger at a local fast food joint to save time, it
is easy to forget what goes on behind the scene to produce the food we eat.

A scenic tour through West Virginia will provide travelers with views of
rolling, green hills, winding roads and crisp, clean air. But while many may
notice the farmer on the hill, they may not realize his contribution.

More than 1, 000 farms operate in Preston County alone. The county ranks number
one in hay production, number two in milk cows, number five in sheep and all
cattle, and number six in corn production.

There are 46, 323 acres of cropland, and 41, 729 acres of permanent pasture.

Commodity prices for grain crops continue to rise, however, farmers who pay the
higher grain prices for their livestock are not doing as well.

The price of fuel also continues to rise, stretching the budgets of the local
farmer.

According to the 2007 Census of Agriculture, the market value of the products
sold in Preston County was near $14 million, with an average of $13, 019 per
farm. And the average age of a Preston County farmer is 58.2 years.

In a recent news release Alfred Lewis, Executive Director for the USDA's Farm
Service Agency in West Virginia recognizes farmers, ranchers and others involved
in agriculture for their hard work and commitment to the industry.

"Agriculture is an important part of our daily lives and is often taken for
granted. But in these uncertain times, it should be remembered American
Agriculture is not only important for obvious reasons -- food clothing and
shelter, but, the industry also plays an important part in homeland security."

He refers to American Agriculture as "Homegrown Security" adding the US
agriculture sector is almost entirely under private ownership and counts for
nearly one-fifth of the Nation's economic aqtivity.

So the next time you step into a grocery store, think about the local farmer,
who works from daylight to dark, providing you with a safe product.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCJ

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2011 The Preston County Journal


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tifton Gazette (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

Ag Dept. shares latest farm statistics

BYLINE: Angie Thompson, The Tifton Gazette, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Feb. 5--TIFTON -- Agricultural census data has been collected since 1840 and the
latest agricultural statistics were revealed Wednesday at a briefing held at the
offices of the Georgia Department of Agriculture in Atlanta.

Doug Kleweno, state director of Georgia Agricultural Statistics, is housed in
Athens and his work is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's
National Agriculture Statistical Service. Kleweno said he gathered the
statistics over four months beginning last January and that they reveal trends
that industry leaders, legislators and others use to make decisions.

Kleweno said the agricultural industry is "dynamic and flexible" and has the
ability to change with time and demand. The statistics revealed some interesting
trends in the industry that remains Georgia's No. 1 money-maker.

"We saw a 44 percent increase in goat farms in Georgia, which is obviously a
reflection of the demand for that type of product," Kleweno said in a telephone
interview Wednesday afternoon.

The statistics also revealed a decrease of 73 percent in tobacco farms, which
Kleweno attributes to changes in farm policy. He also noted products marketed
directly from the farm to local consumers increased by 46 percent, which
represented $13.1 million in income to the producer.

One statistic Kleweno said was somewhat surprising was the increase in
agricultural tourism dollars.

"We saw those numbers triple in size from 2002 to 2007 and now have $14.7
million generated from ag tourism income," Kleweno said.

Tours of corn mazes to wine tours to hunting and fishing locations in the state
were some of the tourism activities measured in the statistics.

Another surprise, Kleweno said, was the increase in the number of women farm
operators.

"We saw an increase of 17 percent in the number of women farming as principal
farm operators in Georgia," Kleweno said. "Fifteen percent of those women were
less than 45 years old and 96 percent own some of the land they are farming."

The dynamics of the family farm is changing and Kleweno said that statistics
revealed that the age of farm operators increased from an average age of 56.5 to
57.8, a 3 percent increase since 2002. The average mid-size farming operation is
decreasing, Kleweno said, with the number of small and large commercial farms
increasing in numbers.

"Also, the number of operators that have some of their income in farming and
some of their income from other sources has increased from 54 percent to 63
percent," Kleweno said. "Principal operators who are full-time, their principal
occupation is not farming and that number has grown from 51 percent to 58
percent. The availability of health insurance could be related to that trend."

The statistics also reveal, Kleweno said, that the number of acres of land being
irrigated in the state has risen by 17 percent. Also, Kleweno said, organic
farming is growing in the state and over 2,000 acres of organic production in
2007 with over $2 million in products sold.

To contact senior reporter Angie Thompson, call 382-4321.

To see more of The Tifton Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tiftongazette.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tifton Gazette, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090205-TJ-Ag-Dept-shares-latest-farm-statistics-0205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   January 20, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

WHEAT WAR AVOIDABLE, PASZKOWSKI CHARGES

BYLINE: DONALD CAMPBELL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 381 words


Canada could have avoided a trade war with the United States over grain
shipments had federal officials dealt with contentious American issues prior to
signing the GATT world trade deal, Alberta Agriculture Minister Walter
Paszkowski says.

Paszkowski, who was critical of Ottawa's approach to negotiating last month's
GATT, said Wednesday export quotas on wheat to the U.S. should not be lower than
any previous record for Canadian shipments.

Paszkowski complained in December the federal government was spending too much
time trying to protect chicken, egg and dairy farmers from American imports in
the frenzied days leading up to the GATT deal in Geneva.

He warned at the time that there were outstanding issues to Alberta grain and
beef farmers, such as securing access to markets for those producers, that
needed to be addressed before a trade war was triggered.

Concern about Canadian grain shipments to the U.S. flared last week when farmers
in Montana blocked Alberta grain trucks from stuffing elevators in the border
community of Shelby.

Canada has launched negotiations to settle the dispute and avoid trade quotas
that can be unilaterally imposed on Canadian grain by the White House. The U.S.
can take trade action under laws not covered by the Canada-U.S. free trade
agreement.

Some Alberta grain farmers believe the U.S. is taking action on grain because it
couldn't get the kind of access into Canada it wanted for its chicken, egg and
dairy producers.

Under GATT, those markets will remain protected by high tariffs that will make
American shipments largely uncompetitive.

"No one likes a quota," Jack Gorr, a central Alberta farmer, said Wednesday.

"We think grain farmers will have to carry the brunt of problems for us keeping
(restricted access to chicken, egg and dairy markets). Who is going to
compensate us? Are they?"

One concession Canada wants in return for a deal with the U.S is to have the
Americans give up subsidizing wheat sales to Mexico, a potentially lucrative
market traditionally held by Canada until the U.S. tried to buy its way in.

Exports to the U.S. of Canadian barley and durum wheat have grown dramatically
in the last five years. Shipments of durum wheat, used for pasta, have tripled
in that period.



LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2013 Monday

USPTO grants trade mark "AVANT" to Avant Tecno Oy (FINLAND)

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Avant Tecno Oy (FINLAND), has been granted trademark (4409204) titled as "AVANT"
from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 007. US 013 019 021 023 031 034 035. G & S: Earth moving machines,
namely, loaders designed as small multifunctional working machines for
agriculture, fur farming, building construction, earth moving and estate
maintenance; accessories for loaders designed as small multifunctional working
machines for agriculture, fur farming, building construction, earth moving arid
estate maintenance, namely, tire chains and over-the-tire track systems for
skid-steer loaders and other construction machinery, belts for loaders, buckets
for loaders, pumps for loaders, windshield wiper motors for loaders; front end
loaders, namely, loaders designed as small multifunctional working machines for
agriculture, fur farming, building construction, earth moving and estate
maintenance; accessories for loaders designed as small multifunctional working
machines for agriculture, fur farming, building construction, earth moving and
estate maintenance, namely, tire chains and over-the-tire track systems for
skid-steer loaders and other construction machinery, belts for loaders, buckets
for loaders, pumps for loaders, windshield wiper motors for loaders

Filing

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 12, 1980 Tuesday

USDA trims corn crop estimate

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - To reflect the impact of the Midwest drought, the
 Agriculture Department has trimmed its forecast of U.S. corn production by
 9 per cent to 6.65 billion bushels from the 7.28 billion bushels it
 forecast last month.

It also gave a low first estimate of U.S. cotton production of 12.8
 million bales, down 12 per cent from last year.

Also reflecting drought concerns, the department forecast sorghum grain
 production at 553 million bushels, down 32 per cent from last year.

Soybean production was forecast at 1.88 billion bushels, 17 per cent
 smaller than the 1979 harvest.

The department left unchanged its forecast of total U.S. wheat
 production at a record 2.32 billion bushels. Within that wheat estimate it
 put the winter wheat crop at 1.87 billion bushels, up 1 per cent from the
 July estimate.

Simultaneously, the department trimmed its forecast of total world
 grain production this year to 1,558,000,000 metric tons from last month's
 estimate of 1,581,000,000 tons. The change, principally reflected reduced
 harvest prospects in the United States.

The department estimated world oilseed production at 167 million tons,
 down from 172 million tons forecast earlier.

The cotton harvest world-wide is projected to reach 64.9 million bales,
 within the department's earlier forecast range of 64.1 million to 66.6
 million bales.

The department slightly lowered its estimate of Soviet grain production
 to 210 million tons from 215 million forecast last month.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 29, 1988, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Soybean, corn growers protest weed-killer ban

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: WINDSOR, Ontario


   WINDSOR (CP) - Canadian soybean and corn growers say they've lost a
competitive edge to U.S. farmers because the federal government has decided to
continue a ban on the weed-killer alachlor.

The decision, made this week by Agriculture Minister John Wise, has pleased
environmentalists who say concerns about the weedkiller as a water pollutant
should outweigh profit motives.

Agriculture Canada cancelled alachlor's registration in February, 1985, after
tests linked the herbicide to cancer. Wise ignored the recommendation of a
review board last November that the herbicide be put back on the shelves.

Modern methods

"I think it's a sad day for agriculture," said Rudy Brown, head of horticulture
and biology at Ridgetown College of Agriculture and Technology. "There's no
evidence of people having died or become sick from having used alachlor."

Brown said the ban limits the use of the most modern farming methods and clears
the way for other weed-killers to be pulled from the shelves.

Alachlor is sold by Monsanto Canada Inc. under the brand name Lasso. It has been
replaced in fields in Ontario, Quebec and Manitoba by metolachlor, produced by
Ciba-Geigy Canada Ltd. under the brand name Dual.

Ray Mowling, vice-president of Monsanto, said the company has lost about $21.5
million in sales because of the ban - about 5 per cent of its total Canadian
sales of $430 million.

Alachlor is still available to U.S. farmers.

"We're in direct competition with them," Brown said. "It's a competitive edge."

"The decision has hit us pretty hard," said Larry Miehls, an Essex County farmer
and second vice-chairman of the Ontario Soya Bean Growers' Marketing Board.
"It's going to be very costly to the Essex County producer. It's not market
competitive."

Since the ban, price increases for Dual in Canada have outpaced hikes for the
same pesticide in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 11, 1989, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Farms, Food and Chemicals: Seeds of a Revolt

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1583 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept 10


Although the transition to natural cultivation has begun in several regions, the
National Academy of Sciences' proposal to shift most of American agriculture
from a heavy dependence on synthetic chemicals would take decades and require
profound changes in attitudes and public policy,farmers and agricultural experts
say.

The transformation, if it occurs in both farming techniques and agricultural
policies, could also mean regional shifts in crop and livestock production in
the United States.

For instance, Florida, which supplies half of all vegetables eaten in the United
States in the winter, could be forced to grow crops less vulnerable to insects
and diseases unless new pest control methods are developed.

And the intensive cultivation of irrigated corn on the delicate, erosion-prone
soils of western Nebraska might be replaced by the growing of dry land wheat if
Congress eliminates tax and crop subsidies that promote the use and development
of irrigation systems, the experts say.

Jim Hightower, Commissioner of Agriculture in Texas, is a strong proponent of
natural farming and says its time has come. ''What we've had here, and what we
found elsewhere, is that farmers doing this kind of agriculture make money,'' he
said. ''They pay off their notes; they pay for tractors and they do it without
crop subsidies. There is a conversion coming.'' At Mr. Hightower's urging, Texas
has established programs to help farmers practice organic farming and use
techniques relying on fewer chemicals.

Congress, which has historically considered natural farm practices to be
whimsical and incapable of satisfying the food demands of the nation and export
customers, also appears inclined to consider changes in farm policies that have
encouraged farmers to rely on fertilizers and pesticides.

Lawmakers face pressures for a shift, ranging from the cost of farm programs -
more than $136 billion since 1980 - to consumer concerns about pesticides in
their food and pollution caused by agricultural chemicals to chronic food
surpluses throughout most of the decade.

''I would hope that our colleagues will pay attention to some of these issues,''
said Senator Patrick J. Leahy, the Vermont Democrat who is chairman of the
Senate Agriculture Committee. ''Everybody is aware that we have to make some
changes. It can't be business as usual as we go into the next century.''

''We have the responsibility to give these ideas a fair assessment and we
haven't done that yet,'' said Representative Pat Roberts, Republican of Kansas
who is an influential member of the House Agriculture Committee. ''Our
responsiblity is to get the facts out and say, 'Look, we have the studies and
this is worth a try.' ''

But there remain strong concerns in the agricultural community about natural
farming. One concern is that the quantity and quality of food could be sharply
reduced; another is that the cost of food could rise. Even supporters of natural
farming concede this last fear could turn out to be accurate.

Step Toward Mainstream

Farm practices that use fewer chemicals took a step toward the mainstream of
American agriculture last week when the National Academy of Sciences issued a
report concluding that carefully managed farms growing diverse crops with little
or no chemicals are as productive and often more profitable than those using
pesticides and synthetic fertilizers.

In a lengthy study, the nation's pre-eminent scientific body urged changes in
Federal policy and in research to encourage farmers to switch to natural farming
techniques.

''Alternative farming practices hold promise for many other farmers and
potentially significant benefits for the nation,'' the report said. ''How fast
and how far this transformation of U.S. agriculture will go depends on economic
opportunities and incentives, which are shaped by farm policies, market forces,
research priorities and the importance society places on achieving environmental
goals.''

Use of Biological Controls

Natural farm practices involve an array of techniques that use natural
biological controls to do the same things chemicals do now.

For instance, instead of planting corn on a flat field, some farmers in the
upper Middle West grow their corn in beds six to eight inches above the field,
allowing mechanical cultivators to get to the ground around the plants to
control weeds.

In Massachusetts, the State Agriculture Department has helped farmers learn
techniques to reduce pesticide applications. And apple farmers have begun to
control coddling moths, a voracious pest, with one application of diluted
insecticide at the crucial moment when the insects are most vulnerable instead
of 5 to 10 applications at predetermined times as was the common practice in New
England until recently.

In California, the nation's largest agricultural producer, the transition to
natural cultivation practices, especially in the fruit and vegetable industries,
has been moving swiftly. Some of California's largest farms began to grow crops
this year without any synthetic pesticides, joining hundreds of smaller growers.
In the Salinas Valley, Tanimura and Antle, the nation's second largest lettuce
grower, developed new vaccuum equipment to suck insects from the plants instead
of killing them with toxic sprays.

Skepticism in Midwest

Fruit growers are using wasps and other beneficial insects to kill destructive
ones. Across California, farmers are counting bugs in the field and spraying
insecticides only when insect populations reach threatening levels.

''Given intelligent farming practices and given proper information, yes, in
fact, we can greatly lower our reliance on pesticides,'' said Dr. Steven S.
Balling, manager of entomology and pesticide control for Del Monte Foods, USA.

Grain growers in the Middle West and Great Plains are more skeptical. Over the
last four decades, Grain Belt farmers were encouraged by researchers and policy
makers to change from diverse small farms that also raised livestock into large,
specialized farms that grow the same two or three crops year after year. Such
farming would not be feasible without expensive equipment, generous amounts of
fertilizers to boost yields and pesticides to protect the enormous harvests.

More than half the 430 million pounds of pesticides used each year on the United
States cropland is applied on corn, wheat and soybeans in the Grain Belt, the
Academy of Sciences study found.

Many grain farmers see a shift from industrialized practices to systems that use
crop rotations and other natural farm methods as a step backward to an era when
the work was more backbreaking and the profits not nearly as substantial.

'I'd Go Broke'

''What they're talking about is doing what we did in the 1950's with the cover
crops and animals and spreading manure,'' said John K. Pellet, who farms 750
acres of corn, wheat and soybeans in Maryland Heights, Mo., 25 miles west of St.
Louis. ''But if I did it now I'd go broke. My yields weren't near what they are
today. My neighbors would outproduce me. We need the fertilizers and the
herbicides very bad. I know what happens out here if we don't use them. The
yields won't be the 150 bushels an acre I'm used to, and the weeds will be so
thick out there you can't see the corn.''

Yet the Academy of Sciences argued in its report that switching to systems that
involve planting more crops in rotation to build the soil's fertility and reduce
pest pressures could yield the same size harvests while reducing operating
costs.

One of the 14 farms studied by the Academy was Glen and Rex Spray's 720-acre
farm in Knox County, Ohio.

Without using commercial fertilizers or chemicals since 1971, the Sprays had
built their farm into one of the largest and most profitable in the region, the
Academy said. The Sprays raise corn, soybeans, wheat and oats, along with red
clover, white clover, blue grass and other pasture and cover crops. Their beef
and dairy herd supplied manure, which was spread on 100 acres each year. Yields
for corn and soybeans were substantially above the county average, and the cost
of production was less, the Academy said.

More Research Urged

In the report, the Academy urged Congress and the Agriculture Department to play
a more decisve role in encouraging the transition to natural practices. The
report said the Agriculture Department should increase financing for research on
natural farm methods from $4.45 million in 1990, to $40 million.

Dr. Charles E. Hess, Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Science and
Education, said the Bush Administration was preparing to ask Congress to
increase the department's overall research budget from $1.2 billion annually to
$1.7 billion to provide more money for research on natural farm practices and
other scientific studies.

In the meantime, the study's authors urged Congress to enact changes in farm
policies that now discourage farmers from trying the new techniques. Farmers
participating in subsidy programs for grains, soybeans and cotton are now
encouraged to maximize their yields to gain maximum benefits from the
Government. The policy of paying higher prices encourages overuse of fertilizer
and pesticides and chronic surpluses because producers strive for maximum yield
for each acre instead of maxmimum return in the marketplace, the Academy said.
The farm policy also discourages diversification into other crops not covered by
the Government's farm program, the Academy said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Glenn and Rex Spary in a soybean field field in Mt. Vernon,
Ohio (NYT/Kevin Fitzsimons) (pg. B10)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TALKS' FLOP IS EITHER BLESSING OR CURSE TO FLORIDA GROWERS

BYLINE: By SUSAN SALISBURY Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 604 words


Florida's sugar industry expressed relief Tuesday at the collapse of World Trade
Organization talks in Geneva, saying U.S. negotiators should be applauded for
refusing to compromise on agriculture subsidy questions.

But the state's fruit and vegetable farmers said they fear that the talks'
failure will delay changes in domestic farm policy that could benefit them.

This round of WTO talks was launched in Doha, the capital of Qatar, in 2001 and
was supposed to address the concerns of poorer countries, which contend that the
international trading system is weighted against them because rich nations' farm
markets remain highly protected.

On Monday, trade ministers from the United States, the European Union, Japan,
Australia, India and Brazil halted to more than five years of work after
differences over the farm subsidies proved unbridgeable. It is unclear when
negotiations might restart.

"Our negotiators did a good job of holding firm to protect U.S. consumers and
American agriculture," said Robert Coker, senior vice president at U.S. Sugar
Corp. in Clewiston.

The United States typically produces about 8.5 million tons of sugar from cane
and beets each year, with Florida producing around 2 million tons.

Although the U.S. sugar program consists of import tariffs and quotas,
low-interest government loans, and supply management controls such as marketing
allotments, it does not include direct subsidy payments. Major crops that do
have subsidies include corn, soybeans, wheat, rice and cotton.

Phillip Hayes, spokesman for the American Sugar Alliance, a trade group based in
Arlington, Va., said U.S. sugar producers have long contended that the WTO is
the arena for world sugar market reform. But the industry was concerned about
the way the negotiations were going, with the U.S. and the European Union
expected to make all the concessions.

"The vast majority of sugar is produced in developing countries, or countries
that call themselves developing but are not really, such as Brazil, India and
Thailand," Hayes said. "We have always contended we have to get to those
countries' subsidies if we are ever going to reform the world market for sugar."

Barbara Miedema, spokeswoman for the Sugar Cane Growers Cooperative of Florida
in Belle Glade, said sugar growers "welcome fair trade," which doesn't include
government payments.

"We can't compete with foreign treasuries that highly subsidize their
producers," Miedema said.

Ray Gilmer, spokesman for the Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association in Maitland,
said fruit and vegetable growers have been encouraged by U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Mike Johanns' statements this year that the upcoming 2007 Farm Bill
needs to be broadened to help their industries.

"What we are proposing is not direct payments," Gilmer said. "It is, instead:
Help us find ways to get rid of citrus canker and greening, and provide more
nutrition spending so more kids get exposed to fruits and vegetables."

Ben Lilliston, spokesman for the Minneapolis-based Institute for Agriculture and
Trade Policy, said the suspension of the Doha Round could be used as an excuse
to delay making changes in U.S. farm policy. Lilliston's group would like to see
something more dramatic.

"We think it is a new opportunity to rethink this whole global trade system and
what we want out of it," he said.

The WTO has been operating under the concept of the more trade, the better, and
trade for trade's sake, Lilliston said.

"When it comes down to it, people don't believe that," he said. "Other countries
are not willing to give up things."

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

susan_salisbury@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 SALVATORE DI NOLFI/The Associated Press FARMERS ENCOURAGED: U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Mike Johanns suggests that the 2007 Farm Bill needs to be broadened.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 12, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Broad Support Seen for Drought Aid

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 900 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 11


As showers that began Saturday continued to fall on parts of the parched Midwest
and South, the chairmen of the House and Senate Agriculture Committees told
President Reagan today that there was widespread support in both parties for
legislation that would provide billions of dollars in relief to farmers whose
crops have been damaged.

In a meeting at the White House, Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont,
chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, and Representative E. (Kika) de la
Garza, Democrat of Texas, chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, said the
President expressed support for the legislation and indicated concern about
drought damage.

Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng, Representative Edward R. Madigan,
Republican of Illinois, and Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana,
also attended the meeting.

'Encouraged' by Response

Senator Leahy said it was his intention to hold hearings on Capitol Hill this
week in order to shape the legislation into a form that could be approved. ''I'm
very encouraged by the response of the President,'' Mr. Leahy said. ''The
President asked us to be mindful of the budget. We are mindful of it.''

Republican Congressional leaders said they would be active in shaping the
legislation. ''There are no areas of disagreement,'' Mr. Lugar said.

The 25-minute meeting came as the Agriculture Department was preparing to
release a special study of the drought's effect on crop production. The study is
due out Tuesday. Mr. Lyng said, ''Perhaps never before in the history of the
United States has there been a July 11 on which so much uncertainty remained as
to the true supply and demand situation for U.S. agricultural production.''

'Wild Card' in Election

The activity at the White House and on Capitol Hill reflects a growing awareness
by both parties of the political consequences if they are seen as failing to
react to the distress caused by the drought. Republican political experts have
called the drought a ''wild card'' in the 1988 Presidential campaign, believing
that it may cause some voters to switch.

Democrats, meanwhile, hope to pick up support in the drought regions of the
northern Great Plains, the Middle West and the South, areas that have supported
Republican candidates in recent national elections.

The House and Senate versions, which are nearly identical, and which would cost
between $5 billion and $6 billion, call for disaster payments to be made to any
farmers who have lost at least 65 percent of their crops to the drought. The
payments are to be directed to farmers who raise vegetables, fruits, soybeans
and grains. Farmers would be eligible to receive payments amounting to
two-thirds of the market value of vegetable and fruit crops, and two-thirds of
the Congressionally set prices for grain crops.

Effect on Support Payments

In addition, some farmers who received support payments in advance from the
Government for grain crops would not have to refund portions of the payments if
the drought caused extensive damage. The Congressional staff members said they
believed that no more than $1 billion was involved in this part of the
legislation.

At the White House the drought has become a principal focus of activities this
week. On Tuesday, the President will meet with Congressional leaders of both
parties. On Wednesday, Mr. Reagan is tentatively scheduled to meet with Dean
Kleckner, president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, and presidents of
state farm bureaus. Both meetings will take place at the White House, officials
said.

On Thursday, Mr. Reagan leaves Washington to travel to Iowa and to tour parched
areas near Marion, Ill. He is scheduled to visit the farm of Herman Krone, who
raises corn and soybeans near Du Quoin. The trip, Mr. Reagan's first to assess
damage from the drought, recalled similar journeys by President Franklin D.
Roosevelt, who toured the Middle West and northern Great Plains in 1934 and
1936.

Reagan Wants Cooperation

Mr. Reagan, who has taken an active interest in the drought, has made it clear
to Mr. Lyng that he wants the Administration and Congress to work together to
aid farmers.

Meanwhile, the stubborn high-pressure weather system that produced the hot, dry
conditions over the northern Great Plains and Middle West collapsed over the
weekend, the National Weather Service said.

The weather system has been replaced by another that is helping to bring showers
over the Ohio Valley, the Dakotas, Iowa and parts of the South, particularly in
Arkansas. The showers are expected to persist through Tuesday and possibly into
Wednesday, meteorologists said.

Hot Weather Could Be Back

But the long-range forecast by the National Weather Service calls for the
high-pressure system to return, perhaps by the end of the week.

''The rain over the weekend and what we may get early this week helps,'' said
Ernest Paroczay, a meteorologist at the National Meteorological Center in Camp
Springs, Md., near Washington. ''But it's not going to end the drought.''

Across the Middle West, there were more indications that the corn crop has
already suffered extensive damage. Scientists at Purdue University in Lafayette,
Ind., estimated today that 40 percent of the state's harvest had been destroyed.
At about 650 million bushels of corn annually, Indiana is the nation's
fourth-largest producer.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 11, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

DOWN ON THE FARM, HIGHER PRICES

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 12; Special Section Page 44; Page 44, Column 1; National
Economic Survey Desk

LENGTH: 1085 words


WASHINGTON AMERICAN consumers are expected to face 10 to 15 percent higher food
bills this year because of drought-damaged harvests last year and increasing
export demand. And while higher prices and strong demand are good news for
farmers, rising interest rates could put a squeeze on their profit margins as
they borrow more this spring for seed, fuel, fertilizer and animals to restock
their feeder pens.

As in the past, the weather was the most critical factor last year for the
world's food producers and the effects will be felt through most of this year.

Winter storms damaged the American citrus crop. Although a record wheat crop was
harvested before drought parched great sections of the farm belt, the corn and
soybean crops, both record-setters in 1979, were badly damaged. Total feed grain
supplies have dropped, cotton and peanut crops are down 23 and 50 percent,
respectively, and world sugar production was drastically reduced.

During the first half of 1980, large supplies of cattle, hogs and poultry,
stimulated by 1979's cheaper feed, held retail food prices at lower levels than
other major components of the Consumer Price Index. But these low prices,
combined with mid-summer signs of rising grain prices, led livestock farmers to
begin cutting back their herds.

The effects of these cuts are now appearing in the form of higher prices for
meat and poultry, the most significant elements in the food price index. The
Agriculture Department now expects beef prices this year to average $78 per
hundred pounds, $10 more than last year. It forecasts that hog prices will rise
to $55 per hundredweight compared with $40 last year. Broiler prices are
expected to rise to 55 cents per pound, 8 cents higher than last year.

The weather was erratic in other parts of the world also last year, with
far-reaching effects. Although France and Canada joined the United States in
increased wheat production, Australia and Argentina, the only other major
exporters, are suffering smaller crops. So are the Soviet Union, its Eastern
European satellites and China.

At the same time, demand for corn, soybeans and other feed grains, as well as
wheat, continues to increase. Consequently, the heaviest drain on world grain
stocks since 1972 is expected this year, with the ratio of supplies on hand to
consumption expected to drop below 11 percent before the 1981 harvests begin.

The Agriculture Department says that supplies of wheat and rice will be adequate
to feed the people of any country able to afford the higher prices, though some
importing countries, like the Soviet Union, who are trying to improve diets, may
have to reduce meat production even more this year.

Last fall's scramble to buy grain while it was still available sent American
farm exports in 1980 to another record, pushing foreign currency earned from
farm commodities above $40 billion for the first time. The Agriculture
Department expects 1981 exports to be as much as one-fifth larger.

The bilateral grain trade agreement signed with China last fall assures annual
shipments of more than six million metric tons to that country. If
President-elect Ronald Reagan lifts the Russian embargo, the Soviet Union may
buy more American grain, though it is not likely to find the 17 million tons it
sought from the America last year.

Such export demands are already pushing all grain prices up.  Forecasters are
predicting wheat prices averaging between $3.95 and $4.25 per bushel, compared
with $3.82 last year. Corn is expected to rise to about $3.75, more than a
dollar per bushel higher. And soybeans, another principal livestock feed, are
expected to average $8.60 per bushel, more than $2 above last year.

If farmers are to enjoy grain and livestock prices at the levels now foreseen,
their portion of retail food costs should rise by between 12 and 20 percent this
year, with higher meat, poultry and egg prices the principal elements.

But the farmer's share is only a third of the final cost. The rest goes for
handling, transportation, packaging and energy. Inflationary pressures on these
factors are expected to force all of them up by between 9 and 15 percent.

Lower farm prices in the first half of 1980 brought farmers' net income down 20
percent last year, to about $24 billion. Agriculture Department officials are
confident that 1981 will see this net climbing back to betwen $27 billion and
$32 billion, with farmers least hurt by the drought earning the most.

But in recent years, farms have increased in size, operating expenses have
soared, and farmers are now among the largest annual borrowers, pledging their
property and inventories as security for loans to buy seed and equipment for
each year's planting. The farming sector's debt-to-assets ratio has doubled
since 1951, rising to 17.1 percent, from 8.5 percent.

Farm economists do not expect a repetition of last spring's financial crisis,
when grain and livestock prices fell, interest rates reached record highs, and
many farmers had difficulty borrowing enough to plant their crops. But the
outlook is for another wave of higher interst rates, which could erode the
profits of many overextended farmers, especially those hurt the worst by the
drought.

Still, the weather odds favor a closer-to-normal growing year in 1981. The
United States has not had back-to-back droughts in the past 20 years. And there
will be no planting restrictions on any basic American farm commodity. If the
weather patterns do hold, the Agriculture Department expects a big rebound in
grain production this summer.

If the rest of the world's weather also improves, the demand for American grain
will slacken. Such an easing would increase the pressures on the new Reagan
administration to promote exports more vigorously or see farmers' grain and
livestock prices start slipping again in 1982.

''But with world grain stocks now so depleted,'' J. Dawson Ahalt, head of the
Agriculture Department's World Food and Agricultural Outlook Board, said, ''the
danger looms that a disappointing harvest again in 1981 would lead to widely
fluctuating prices and perhaps serious food shortages in some areas of the
world.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: table on production and prices of beef, pork, broilers
and eggs, 1976-81

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Journal

                           December 29, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

High food prices to remain the norm;
FOOD prices are to remain high for the foreseeable future with little respite
for consumers worldwide. However, the complexity of the UK's farming structure
reflects the modern world, reports BRUCE JOBSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 50,51

LENGTH: 1114 words


FARMING and food production operates within a global economy and our domestic
food policy operates within an EU framework. High food prices are set to remain
the norm and the position is fast consolidating.

The days of a UK or EU "cheap food policy" now seem a relic of the past as
global food prices reached record highs in July 2012.

The World Bank, in its recent quarterly Food Price Watch report, warned the most
expensive food on a global-basis, would increase hunger and malnutrition in the
poorest countries.

The World Bank maintains policies such as the imposition of export restrictions,
implemented as prices increase, has in part, helped stabilise global food
prices.

However, all things are relative as grain prices remain high; 12% higher than a
year ago, while wheat and maize prices have increased by 24% and 17%
respectively.

The increase in global prices is due to severe drought conditions in the US,
Australia as well as the three Black Sea exporting countries of Kazakhstan,
Russia and Ukraine. The long-term effects of the US drought - the worst in over
50 years - now seems set to run into 2013 and 2014.

There appears little respite as US winter wheat crops have continued to suffer
from the drought, and farmers could abandon up to one third of the new crop
owing to weather conditions.

Decisions on US crop abandonment will have to wait until the spring as the
drought, coupled with record temperatures and high winds on the plains; has left
new crops in the worst recorded conditions in over half a century. In the past
60 years, wheat crop abandonment has only exceeded 25% on two occasions,
according to United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) records. In 1988-89
and 2001-2002, wheat crop abandonment reached 25 and 29%, respectively.

Current crop conditions are recorded by USDA as being worse at this point in the
season, with 26% of the new wheat crop already being rated as poor ... very poor
by late November.

To date, the first 11 months of 2012 mark the warmest of any year on record for
the contiguous United States and now seem likely to surpass the current record
as the warmest year on record.

Important wheat-growing regions such as the High Plains states have 65% recorded
drought levels and Nebraska is now rated with 100% severe or worse conditions.

The past 12 months have been turbulent for the UK farming industry. Agriculture
has been filled with uncertainty on numerous fronts owing to various market
circumstances and inclement weather. The industry has literally reeled from
pillar-to-post.

Farming and food production has suffered from a severe bout of Old Testament
conditions.

The usual suspects emerged in the shape of drought, flood and disease. Dry
weather conditions for the first part of the year resulted in water shortages
and the implementation of hose-pipe bans. This was swiftly followed by what
seemed 140 days and nights of continuous rain.

UK arable crops have been recorded as being down by 25-40% placing further
pressure on margins.

The inevitable feed price increases have resulted and farmers are paying more
for protein and soya.

Stable diet foods such as potatoes have suffered as a result of early dry
conditions followed by record rainfall, turning crops, in some cases, into pulp.
Yields are reported to be down by as much as 40% and even in December, some
potato crops in the region re-main in the ground. UK milk production hit record
low levels in November according to the Rural Payment Agency. Only 972m litres
were delivered to dairies, down 63m litres for the same corresponding month last
year.

Furthermore, November deliveries were 21m litres less than October levels. In
total, UK milk production level has fallen to 8.78bn litres, a reduction of
almost 240m litres below 2011 levels.

Milk production levels for the current quota year have been revised downward by
almost 5% to 12.9bn litres; the lowest recorded level for 15 years.

The inclement weather conditions have combined to reduce milk production levels
as a result of the wet field and grass conditions as well as a lack of sunshine
to promote grass quality and growth.

The cost of producing milk has continued to increase as a result of higher feed
costs according to Keenan nutritionist Seth Wareing.

"The spike in feed prices is likely to cost dairy farmers an extra 2p per litre
to produce over the winter months," he said. "Average yield per cow has also
reduced, in some cases by as much as 4 or 5 litres and milk produced from forage
has dropped to the four to five litres level.

"On one hand, feed prices have increased and on the other hand, production level
has decreased.

Cows have not peaked as high on daily milk production levels owing to poor
quality grass conditions in the summer months. And yields are therefore unlikely
to increase on a per cow per day basis owing to the reduction in silage
quality."

Mr Wareing works across a broad section of beef and dairy farmers, offering
independent support and advice alongside a farmer's preferred feed supplier and
company consultants.

He recommends farmers do not cut back on concentrate feeding, despite an
increase of £25 per tonne to the £250 per tonne region. Instead, he suggests
farmers incorporate bio-fuel co-products into the ration in order to reduce
overall costs.

UK dairy farmers are caught in a Catch-22 situation as the increases in feed
costs will place further pressure on margins. The real test will lie in the
coming months and whether dairy farmers will receive a "fair" price to cover the
increased costs of production.

Given the average cost of production is running at 29.5p per litre, a further 2p
increase in production costs will place pressure on dairy companies and
supermarkets to provide beneficial price support for UK milk producers.

Livestock farmers face further uncertainty as a result of Schmallenberg disease
(SBV) affecting cattle and sheep; and a resulting loss of progeny. Almost 300
new cases of SBV have been recorded in the UK during the past month taking the
total number to 715.

The number of SBV cases in UK cattle continues to increase at an alarming rate;
up from 196 recorded cases in the previous month to new figures of 453. Cases in
sheep stand at 262.

The first early lambs are now being born and already SBV concerns are mounting
as the virus appears to have spread from Europe into greater numbers of UK
cattle and sheep.

An uncertain time lies ahead across agricultural sections, as well as human
populations, as a result of drought, famine, flood and disease.

The more things change; the more things remain the same.

An uncertain time lies ahead across agricultural sections, as well as human
populations due to drought, famine, flood and disease

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WARNING From Keenan nutritionist Seth Wareing
UNCERTAIN FUTURE Potato farming is affected by the rainfall
FEED PRICES UP Cows have not peaked as high on daily milk production levels
owing to poor quality grass conditions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     June 20, 2004 Sunday WISCONSIN EDITION

ORGANIC GROWING
WISCONSIN IS RAPIDLY BECOMING A LEADER IN PRODUCING ORGANIC FOOD, A TREND
WELCOMED BY FARMERS AS WELL AS CONSUMERS.

BYLINE: Kevin Harter, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 829 words


Life on Pearson's Mann Valley Farm appears unchanged. Chickens cackle, a dairy
cow moos and barn swallows take flight as Dan Pearson revs the tractor and heads
for a hayfield.

But Troy Township farmers Dan and Terri Pearson don't raise cattle or grow crops
the way they once did.

They are among a growing number of state farmers who have gone organic, which
they believe is better for them economically, better for the 105-year-old farm
environmentally and healthier for them as well as consumers.

"We enjoy it and feel better about it," said Dan Pearson, who made the switch in
stages beginning in 1989. "For us, it was partly economical and partly
philosophical. It helps smaller farms survive and be economically viable, and
the healthier food you have, the better you will be."

Giving up chemicals means they have to work a little harder and manage better,
but selling organic sweet corn, eggs, milk and meat is worth it because they are
paid a premium for what they produce.

Driven by consumers, organic farming is the fastest-growing segment of
agriculture in the United States. While it still represents a small fraction of
overall farm production, organic has been growing more than 20 percent annually
for a decade.

Wisconsin is third behind California and Washington in the number of certified
organic farms, but first in the number of organic dairy cows, according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The state is home to La Farge-based Organic Valley, the largest organic
cooperative in the United States, which is where the Pearsons ship their milk,
and to the Spring Valley-based Midwest Organic & Sustainable Education Service.

Both offer evidence of organic farming's growing presence in the state.

In 1995, Organic Valley had sales of $9 million; this year's sales are projected
to be about $180 million.

The nonprofit MOSES programs include an annual conference that has grown from 90
attendees to 1,500 in 15 years.

But unlike in neighboring Minnesota and Iowa, Wisconsin government and
educational institutions have not done much to promote organic farming.

According to "Organic Agriculture in Wisconsin: 2003 Status Report," recently
published by the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the state ranks near the
bottom in supporting and promoting organic agriculture.

That is changing. One of the goals of Gov. Jim Doyle's "Grow Wisconsin" program
is for the state to become an international leader in organic food production,
processing and manufacturing.

Federal officials are also offering support. A bipartisan Organic Caucus was
created last year in Congress to "enhance availability and understanding of
information related to the production and processing of organic agriculture
products."

A provision in the 2002 Farm Bill provided $3 million annually for four years
for organic agriculture research.

"Organic is becoming more popular all the time," said Bill Anderson, University
of Wisconsin-River Falls professor of agronomy. "And there is now more research,
which was needed."

Dairy farmer Steve Pechacek, who began making the switch to organic in 1986 on
his rural Prescott farm, agreed.

"I always envied what Minnesota and Iowa were doing, but Wisconsin is getting on
the bandwagon now," he said. "People need to be educated. Many don't know what
organic is."

But more and more consumers, driven by health concerns ranging from mad cow
disease to the effects of genetically modified food on their children, are
learning -- and shopping.

And major retailers are taking notice. Organic is no longer only found at
farmers' markets and food co-ops. Organic products are now available in 73
percent of U.S. grocery stores, according to the USDA.

"It's not just the crunchy granola type of shopper anymore," said Bea James,
whole health manager for the Living Wise program for Lund Food Holdings and its
20 Lunds and Byerly's grocery stores.

Of the $433 billion spent on food annually, about $43 billion is spent on
organic and natural foods, which is an increase of 72 percent in the last five
years.

The reason, James said, is organic appeals to a full range of consumers,
including professional chefs and parents.

"It is really good, tasty and nutritious food," James said. "But they also want
to support the environment and organic farmers."

Faye Jones, executive director of MOSES, expects the trend to continue.

"I never would have dreamed it would come this far this fast," said Jones, who
started the nonprofit 22 years ago. "But now that it has, I don't see it slowing
down."

WHAT IS ORGANIC?

Certified organic is a legal term requiring that food be produced by farmers who
practice soil and water conservation and don't use most conventional pesticides
and fertilizers. Organic meat, poultry, eggs and dairy products must be produced
without use of antibiotics or growth hormones.

Kevin Harter can be reached at kharter@pioneerpress.com or 1-800-739-3921.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Shorter version appeared in City Edition on Page C1.

GRAPHIC: 5 PHOTOS BY CRAIG BORCK, PIONEER PRESS

1) A farmer's work is never done, which is doubly true in organic farming, which
uses fewer chemicals and is more labor-intensive. Dan Pearson uses a
four-wheeler to move a chicken pen to ground with more grass at the family farm
outside of River Falls, Wis. His wife, Terri, herds the young chickens in the
pen as it moves.

2) A barn cat descends a ladder from the loft, where the Pearsons suspect she is
hiding a litter of kittens.

3) Free-range chickens wander the barnyard at the Pearson farm. Wisconsin ranks
third in the nation in terms of its number of certified organic farms. Some
enthusiasts say free-range chicken is tastier, but many buy it for humanitarian
reasons.

4) Above: A day-old calf nurses from a bottle held by Terri Pearson. Livestock
that is certified organic must be raised without use of antibiotics or growth
hormones.

5) At right: The Pearsons made the transition to organic farming in stages
beginning in 1989. Dan Pearson bales hay before cutting the next field.

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 13, 2002 Tuesday

United States

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; What's News; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 118 words


Widespread drought has prompted the U.S. Department of Agriculture to slash its
estimated forecasts for grain and soybean production. Federal officials
yesterday lowered their estimate for corn production by 7 per cent from last
year, predicting that nearly 8.89 billion bushels of the most valuable U.S. crop
will be harvested this year. If the forecast is realized, it would be lowest
production since 1995. The Agriculture Department also lowered its forecast for
other crops, including soybeans, the No. 2 crop. The agency says production is
expected to be 2.63 billion bushels, down 9 per cent from 2001. In the wake of
the announcement, grain and soybean futures rose sharply on the Chicago Board of
Trade.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 21, 2014 Friday

HOLD FOR PUBLICATION OVER WEEKEND AND USE IN MONDAY BIZ PAGE:USDA farming
census: Maine has more young farmers, more land in farms

BYLINE: Abigail Curtis BDN Staff

LENGTH: 594 words


BELFAST, Maine -- Maine may be the oldest state, but it certainly attracts an
outsized crop of young farmers, according to preliminary statistics released
last week from the United States Department of Agriculture's 2012 census.


The number of farmers aged 34 and younger grew by nearly 40 percent in the five
years from 2007 to 2012, the last time the USDA did a comprehensive agriculture
census. That growth surge -- from 396 to 551 young farmers -- far surpassed the
1.5 percent increase in the numbers of young farmers in the United States as a
whole.


Maine's growth spurt of young farmers isn't a surprise to 31-year-old Mike
Bahner, who has owned Bahner Farm in Belmont since 2009 along with his wife,
Christa. Both are originally from out of state, but Mike Bahner said that they
chose to plant their roots here because Maine has a lot going for it for young
farmers. Those draws include relatively affordable farmland, beautiful country,
a good market for their produce and the new farmer programs offered by the Maine
Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association, he said. In addition to vegetables
and blueberries, the couple, who are full-time farmers, are raising two young
children on their farm.


"We're the geezers of the millennial farmers," Mike Bahner joked Friday.


The USDA survey shows other statistics that also indicate that farming in Maine
is on the upswing -- good news, according to John Piotti, president of the
Belfast-based nonprofit Maine Farmland Trust. The data show that the value of
agricultural products in the state has increased 24 percent in five years, that
a growing number of landowners now list farming as their primary occupation and
that the amount of land in farms has increased by 8 percent in the same time
period.


"It's heartening," Piotti said. "Maine agriculture continues to grow."


That's a sharp turnaround from the recent past. In 2000, there were about 7,000
farmers in Maine and farm acres in production were declining significantly, he
told the BDN five years ago. Conventional wisdom in Maine was that agriculture
here was dying, he said Friday. In 2012, the survey counted 8,176 farms and 1.45
million acres of land in farms. Ten years prior, it counted 1.36 million acres
of land in farms.


Nationally, the amount of land in farms declined from 922 million acres to 915
million acres, the third smallest decline in between censuses since 1950. The
numbers of farms in the country also decreased to 2.1 million in 2012, down 4.3
percent from the 2007 agricultural census. But in every New England state, both
the number of farms and the amount of land in farms went up.


The growing numbers of young farmers settling down in Maine also is very
significant, Piotti said, and is a trend that counters common beliefs of the
recent past.


"What I heard from people 10 years ago, 15 years ago, was that young farmers
don't have good tenacity. They'll never stick with it," Piotti said. "The truth
is that the young farmers I know are smart, incredibly committed and very
capable. They understand what they need to do to succeed. They understand the
marketing side. They understand the production side."


That's true, according to Mike Bahner, who said there's much more to the
business than growing beautiful crops.


"Absolutely, you can make a living farming here," he said. "You have to be
business savvy. You have to be market savvy. And you've got to be able to
produce."


The full agricultural census will be released by the USDA in May. More
preliminary information from the report can be found at the website
www.agcensus.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 11, 1989 Monday
                                  Late Edition

GREEN REVOLUTION HITS US FARMING;
ENVIRONMENT

BYLINE: Source: The Guardian

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 452 words


WASHINGTON, Sunday: The ecological revolution has reached the United States
Government's farm support program, with a stunning new report from the
authoritative National Academy of Sciences which says that the now standard use
of chemical fertilisers and insecticides does not necessarily result in better
crop yields than organic methods.

The report is a rousing endorsement of the high productivity of organic farming,
and has been greeted enthusiastically by the Department of Agriculture, long the
bastion of the "crops at any price" policy.

An institution traditionally sceptical of the claims of the organic farming
lobby, the department has a new assistant Secretary for Science and Education,
Dr Charles Hess, who said there had been a strategic shift which would seek
to"put US farming on an eco-sensitive basis within the life of the Bush
Administration".

"Our goal is to develop techniques to maintain high agricultural output, without
damaging the environment," Dr Hess said, adding that much of the traditional
scepticism about organic farming was based on fears that it would cut farm
produce and send food prices soaring.

The findings of the Alternative Agriculture report would powerfully influence
the 1990 Farm Bill, now being drafted, and would start to change the structure
of the US Government's $A18.4 billion farm subsidy program, he said.

So far, the subsidy structure actively discourages farmers from rotating their
crops, because it cuts the nominal acreage devoted to particular products on
which the subsidies are calculated. This is to be changed this year.

The department has already broken the link between crop yields and price
support, which traditionally encouraged farmers to grow crops for which there
was no market, knowing that the department would pay - the system which has
produced the notorious food mountains of the European Community.

The report said: "Wellmanaged alternative farms use less synthetic chemical
fertilisers, pesticides and antibiotics without necessarily decreasing, and in
some cases, increasing, per-acre crop yields and the productivity of livestock
systems.

"Wider adoption of proven alternative systems would result in ever greater
economic benefits to farmers and environmental gains for the nations."

Fewer than 5 per cent of America's 2.1 million farmers use organic methods, the
department estimated, but they are now being urged to consider the potential
savings in production costs by not buying chemicals, as well as the
environmental benefits.

The report argued that organic methods could reduce pollution in two ways. They
cut the pollution of ground water through the run-off of chemical fertilisers,
and could also obviate the need for insecticides.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

           June 30, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition EGIN> , ,
                            Late City Final Edition

U.S. SEES REDUCTION IN SOVIET FEED STOCK

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 10


The Soviet Union's grain harvest probably will total no more than 185 million
metric tons in 1980, a level that will not permit the Russians to sustain
current levels of meat production, United States Agriculture Department
officials said today.

Even if the United States lifts its partial embargo on grain sales to the Soviet
Union, the officials said, Soviet meat production will fall next year because
the country does not have enough grainimporting capacity to feed and keep its
livestock herds at their current levels.

The department also issued its November forecast of American grain production,
repeating its earlier estimate of a 17 percent smaller corn crop and a 22
percent decline in soybean production from last year.

Total world grain production in the 1980-81 crop year was expected to be
virtually the same as last year because of a record American wheat crop and
increased wheat production in Canada and Western Europe.

World Stocks at Five-Year Low

But Howard Hjort, the department's director of economics, said sharply increased
demands from the importing countries would reduce world carryover stocks next
summer to their lowest levels in five years.

The forecast of a Soviet crop of 185 million metric tons, made by the
department's Foreign Agriculture Service, was about 4 million tons higher than
the 181-million-ton crop hinted at last month by Soviet leaders.

''But even that 185-million-ton level means that the Soviet Union does not have
the capacity to import enough, no matter how much they are able to buy, to avoid
reducing their livestock herds and cutting meat supplies next spring,'' Mr.
Hjort said.

Even if there were no increases in American exports of corn, other feed grains
and soybean meal beyond those now expected, there would be ''essentially no
reserves'' of these commodities left a year from now, Mr. Hjort said.

This means that unless the United States, the largest exporter of these
commodities, shorted its other feed grain and soybean customers, it could not
sell more to the Russians without pulling American stocks below the level needed
to keep supplies flowing until the 1981 crop is harvested, Mr. Hjort said.

Good Supply of Food Grains

In contrast to the tightening supply of feed grains, Mr. Hjort said, United
States supplies of the two major food grains, wheat and rice, are sufficient to
accommodate increased export demands.

Reminded that the incoming Reagan administration had promised to lift the
Russian grain sales curtailment, Mr. Hjort replied: ''We understand they are
reassessing that position and we believe they will have to, once they consider
the supply available.''

At current export and domestic consumption rates, he added, there would be 10
million metric tons of wheat left in American reserves before minimum supply
levels were reached.

A metric ton is equal to about 2,205 pounds.  But if the Soviet Union were
permitted to buy that much American wheat, the Russians would end up holding
most of the exportable reserves remaining in the world, he added.

Earlier department estimates of a record wheat crop of 64.3 million metric tons,
or 2.36 billion bushels, were repeated in today's forecast. Corn production of
164 million metric tons, or 6.46 billion bushels, was also virtually the same as
last month's forecast. The soybean crop was forecast at 48.3 million metric
tons, which equals 1.77 billion bushels, up 1 percent from last month but still
22 percent less than last year's record crop.

Peanut Crop Down 42 Percent

The department also said that this year's peanut crop, hard hit by drought, was
expected to be 42 percent smaller than last year's while the cotton crop was
forecast at 11.2 million bales, 3 percent less than last month's prediction and
23 percent smaller than last year.

Mr. Hjort said today's forecasts of American crops were not likely to change
farmers' prices for these commodities in the near future, as both cash and
futures markets appeared to have adjusted already to these expectations.

''Nor would we change our earlier expectation of retail food price increases of
10 to 15 percent in 1981,'' he said.  He also said the Agriculture Department
expected the 1980 retail food price increase to come in at just below 10
percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 11, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. SEES REDUCTION IN SOVIET FEED STOCK

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 10


The Soviet Union's grain harvest probably will total no more than 185 million
metric tons in 1980, a level that will not permit the Russians to sustain
current levels of meat production, United States Agriculture Department
officials said today.

Even if the United States lifts its partial embargo on grain sales to the Soviet
Union, the officials said, Soviet meat production will fall next year because
the country does not have enough grainimporting capacity to feed and keep its
livestock herds at their current levels.

The department also issued its November forecast of American grain production,
repeating its earlier estimate of a 17 percent smaller corn crop and a 22
percent decline in soybean production from last year.

Total world grain production in the 1980-81 crop year was expected to be
virtually the same as last year because of a record American wheat crop and
increased wheat production in Canada and Western Europe.

World Stocks at Five-Year Low

But Howard Hjort, the department's director of economics, said sharply increased
demands from the importing countries would reduce world carryover stocks next
summer to their lowest levels in five years.

The forecast of a Soviet crop of 185 million metric tons, made by the
department's Foreign Agriculture Service, was about 4 million tons higher than
the 181-million-ton crop hinted at last month by Soviet leaders.

''But even that 185-million-ton level means that the Soviet Union does not have
the capacity to import enough, no matter how much they are able to buy, to avoid
reducing their livestock herds and cutting meat supplies next spring,'' Mr.
Hjort said.

Even if there were no increases in American exports of corn, other feed grains
and soybean meal beyond those now expected, there would be ''essentially no
reserves'' of these commodities left a year from now, Mr. Hjort said.

This means that unless the United States, the largest exporter of these
commodities, shorted its other feed grain and soybean customers, it could not
sell more to the Russians without pulling American stocks below the level needed
to keep supplies flowing until the 1981 crop is harvested, Mr. Hjort said.

Good Supply of Food Grains

In contrast to the tightening supply of feed grains, Mr. Hjort said, United
States supplies of the two major food grains, wheat and rice, are sufficient to
accommodate increased export demands.

Reminded that the incoming Reagan administration had promised to lift the
Russian grain sales curtailment, Mr. Hjort replied: ''We understand they are
reassessing that position and we believe they will have to, once they consider
the supply available.''

At current export and domestic consumption rates, he added, there would be 10
million metric tons of wheat left in American reserves before minimum supply
levels were reached.

A metric ton is equal to about 2,205 pounds.  But if the Soviet Union were
permitted to buy that much American wheat, the Russians would end up holding
most of the exportable reserves remaining in the world, he added.

Earlier department estimates of a record wheat crop of 64.3 million metric tons,
or 2.36 billion bushels, were repeated in today's forecast. Corn production of
164 million metric tons, or 6.46 billion bushels, was also virtually the same as
last month's forecast. The soybean crop was forecast at 48.3 million metric
tons, which equals 1.77 billion bushels, up 1 percent from last month but still
22 percent less than last year's record crop.

Peanut Crop Down 42 Percent

The department also said that this year's peanut crop, hard hit by drought, was
expected to be 42 percent smaller than last year's while the cotton crop was
forecast at 11.2 million bales, 3 percent less than last month's prediction and
23 percent smaller than last year.

Mr. Hjort said today's forecasts of American crops were not likely to change
farmers' prices for these commodities in the near future, as both cash and
futures markets appeared to have adjusted already to these expectations.

''Nor would we change our earlier expectation of retail food price increases of
10 to 15 percent in 1981,'' he said.  He also said the Agriculture Department
expected the 1980 retail food price increase to come in at just below 10
percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 24, 2005 Sunday

Corn or beans? Farmers face difficult choice; Weather could be the crucial
factor

BYLINE: JOHN SEEWER

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b7

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: TOLEDO, Ohio


Deciding whether to plant corn or soybeans usually is not difficult.

Most grain farmers tend to stick with their long-planned rotation of beans one
year and corn the next. A few throw in a year of wheat.

The decision has been complicated this year by the threat of soybean rust, a
fungus that could hurt production, and high nitrogen and propane costs that
could reduce corn profits.

"I'm sure everyone thought about this," said Ellen Joslin, who farms about 1,000
acres near Sidney in western Ohio. "Energy prices are going through the roof.
That's almost more of a concern than soybean rust."

Jim Beurelein, an agronomist with Ohio State University's Extension program,
said some farmers were going to grow a lot more corn until costs rose.

"On the whole, it's pretty much going to be a wash," he said.

Nationwide, growers intend to plant 74 million acres of soybeans this year, down
2 percent, according to estimates from the U.S. Agriculture Department. Soybean
rust is thought to be one of the reasons for the decline.

Soybean rust, which has the potential to cause millions of dollars in damage, is
found throughout South America. It arrived in the United States late last year.

The fungus, spread by wind-borne spores, has not caused any real damage in the
United States yet, but it cost farmers in Brazil about $1 billion last year in
crop losses and fungicide treatment.

High natural gas prices have made the use of nitrogen-based fertilizer much more
costly for corn growers. Nitrogen is made from natural gas. Farmers add the
fertilizer to replace nitrogen that corn takes out of the soil.

One way to combat the high fertilizer cost is to take soil samples and then
adjust the amount of nitrogen used, said Mike Miller, a university extension
agent in Medina County. Farmers have tended to add a little extra nitrogen as
insurance.

"Now they're fine-tuning," Miller said. "There are some folks cutting every
expense they can."

Agronomists tell farmers that it's best not to mess with crop rotation because
planting corn or beans in consecutive years could increase the chances of
developing diseases or insect problems.

Joslin said that after some consideration, she and her husband decided to stick
with their rotation plans.

In the end, the weather might have the biggest impact on whether farmers plant
corn or beans, agriculture experts said.

If the next few weeks are warm and relatively dry, farmers probably will plant
more corn. If it rains a lot, they'll turn to beans, which can be planted later.

"We've got people who would like to plant now, but it's still awful cold,"
Beurelein said. "Everybody is ready to roar."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The New Era

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 5, 2009

Payment limitation and eligibility changes;
FSA News

BYLINE: by larry kinoppCORRESPONDENT

LENGTH: 544  words


With the publication of an interim final regulation in the Federal Register on
December 29, 2008, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced
changes to payment limitation and payment eligibility for Farm Service Agency
(FSA) programs which became effective in accordance with the 2008 Farm Bill.

Beginning in 2009, program payments will be limited by direct attribution to
individuals and/or entities. A legal entity is defined as an entity created
under Federal or State law that owns land or an agricultural commodity, product,
or livestock. Under direct attribution, payment limitation is based on the total
payments received by the individual, both directly and indirectly. Qualifying
spouses are considered to be separate persons for payment limitation purposes,
rather than being automatically combined under one limitation.

Individuals and entities must be "actively engaged in farming" with respect to a
farming operation in order to be eligible to receive program benefits. Beginning
in 2009 each partner, stockholder, or member of an entity must make a
significant contribution of active personal labor and/or active personal
management commensurate to their claimed share of the farming operation. The
contribution of the partner, stockholder, or member must be regular and
substantial, and must be separate and distinct from the contributions of any
other partner, member, or stockholder of the farming operation.

Any change to a farming operation that results in the increase in the number of
persons or legal entities for payment limitation purposes must be bona fide and
substantive.

Substantive change can be met by any one of the following.

The addition of a family member to a Joint Operation.

In regard to a landowner, . change from cash to share rent.

Increase in base acres in the operation of at least 20 percent from the previous
year.

Change in ownership of land or equipment by sale or gift.

Addition of equipment not previously involved in the farming operation.

The payment eligibility and payment limitation changes that will be implemented
in 2009 may or may not affect the benefits paid to your entity.

For additional information on these programs, please call the office or go to
http://www.fsa.usda.gov.

If you have any questions or want to schedule an appointment, please call
605-297-5564, Ext. 2.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in all its
program and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because all or part of an individual's income is derived from any
public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). To file a complaint of
Discrimination, write to USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue, SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call (800) 795-3272
(voice) or (202) 720-6382 (TDD). USDA is an equal opportunity provider and
employer.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2009 The New Era


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

Senate panel wades into corporate ag law reform

BYLINE: Tim Carpenter.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 554 words


Republicans and Democrats worked to sort out implications Friday of a Senate
bill allowing out-of-state ownership of corporate farms in Kansas and
elimination of a county's option to block development of corporate swine and
dairy operations.

The Kansas Department of Agriculture, as well as some of the state's most
powerful agricultural lobbying organizations, are supportive of Senate Bill 191
because they believe removing barriers to investment in large crop and livestock
businesses would add fuel to the Kansas economy.

"Current restrictive corporate farming laws in Kansas have been identified as an
impediment of growth, and the day has arrived to remove this unnecessary
hurdle," said Dale Rodman, secretary of the agriculture department.

He said Attorney General Derek Schmidt issued an opinion in January indicating
elements of the state's existing limit on corporate farming operations could be
unconstitutional.

Mary Fund, project director with the Kansas Rural Center, which advocates on
behalf of family farmers and for sustainable agriculture policy, said proponents
of the bill shouldn't mislead anyone about intent.

"We shouldn't kid ourselves," she said. "Corporations are about profit."

The Senate Natural Resources Committee is considering the bill, which was
uncharacteristically not handled by the Senate Agriculture Committee. The
legislation could be sent to the full Senate within a couple weeks.

While the Kansas Farm Bureau and the Kansas Livestock Association advocated for
overhaul of the corporate farming law, a coalition of academics, farmers,
ranchers and environmentalists stood in opposition.

"It will encourage greater corporate control of Kansas agriculture and further
erode independent agriculture, rural economies, and air and water quality," said
Don Stull, a professor of anthropology at The University of Kansas and author of
"Slaughterhouse Blues: The Meat and Poultry Industry in North America."

He said massive confined animal feeding and production operations likely to be
drawn to the new corporate structure would generate vast quantities of waste. A
single broiler house with 25,000 birds expels 140 tons to 200 tons of manure and
other waste per year. The average hog excretes1.5 tons of solid manure and 5,200
gallons of liquid manure each year - 2.5 times the average human.

This corporate structure would accelerate consolidation of livestock operations
and could displace three times the number of new jobs created, Stull said. At
this point, three companies own more than half of all broilers grown in the
United States. Four firms controlled 83 percent of the U.S. beef slaughter in
2010.  In 1980, Kansas had 5,600 dairies. There are 420 in operation now. Of
120,000 milk cows in Kansas, two-thirds are owned by 20 dairies.

Sen. Larry Powell, a Garden City rancher and farmer who chairs the Senate
committee, said he was convinced realignment in the agriculture industry had
more to do with government mandates than corporate design.

"It is my belief that government regulations have run people out of the
business," Powell said.

Sen. Ralph Ostmeyer, a Grinnell Republican and life-long farmer, said odor
problems related to confined production operations, especially involving hogs,
had been reduced over the years.

"I think we're doing a lot for the industry," Ostmeyer said.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2012

Sussex farmers head to Brazil;
Agriculture tour to explore similarities, differences

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 684  words


Four Sussex County farmers head to Brazil Tuesday, Feb. 14, to learn more about
South American agriculture and technology.

Agriculture Secretary Ed Kee organized the 11-day trip with Iowa Agriculture
Secretary Bill Northey. The group includes 18 farmers from Iowa and 18 farmers
from Delaware, as well as the two secretaries and a Midwestern agriculture
journalist.

"The purpose is to understand Brazilian agriculture, especially in the context
that Brazil is our major competitor in corn, soybeans, grain, beef and ethanol,"
said Kee.

Tours of the Amazon rainforest and regional farms will take top priority, but
the group will also look at marketing, trade policy and technology used on large
farms in South America.

Jesse Vanderwende, Doug Corey, Travis Hastings and Kevin Evans, all of Sussex
County, are among those making the trip. For most of the Delaware farmers,; this
is their first visit to Brazil.

"For agricultural production, Brazil and South America are farming on a large
scale," said Vanderwende. "They have become really productive growers in the
last several years."

Vanderwende of Walnut Tree Farms in Bridgeville said he looks forward to seeing
the similarities and differences in farming techniques. Besides seeing soybean
fields, Vanderwende said he is interested in touring biofuel plants in Brazil.

THE PURPOSE IS TO UNDERSTAND BRAZILIAN AGRICULTURE, ESPECIALLY IN THE CONTEXT
THAT BRAZIL IS OUR MAJOR COMPETITOR IN CORN, SOYBEANS, GRAIN, BEEF AND ETHANOL.

- AGRICULTURE SECRETARY ED KEE

Vanderwende comes from a long line of Vanderwendes in Bridgeville, where the
family has been raising chickens for generations.

Brazil is expected to increase broiler chicken production by 5 percent in 2012,
which increases its competition with Delaware poultry farmers. In 2011, Brazil
was the world's top exporter of chicken products. Overall, Brazil and the United
States account for 70 percent of all chicken exports, according to global
poultry trends.

Doug Corey of D.C. Farms Inc. in Bridgeville said he is excited about the trip.

"I always wanted to go to Brazil, but never had the chance to go on my own, so
the tour really appealed to me," Corey said. "I know most of the farmers going,
so it will be a good group."

Corey said the farms in Brazil are vast and productive, and while he isn't sure
he will see new technology, he is interested to see how farms operate.

D.C- Farms grows corn, soybeans, wheat, barley, peas, lima beans and watermelons
on more than 3,000 acres in Bridgeville.

Corey said the farm does well even in drought years because most of his acres
are irrigated.

"Unless I see something earth-shattering on the trip, I expect things will stay
about the same on the farm," Corey said.

Travis Hastings of Coastal Growers and Lakeside Farms is a fourth-generation
farmer in Sussex County. He also serves on the board of directors for the
Mar-Del Watermelon Association and Delaware Soybean Board.

Besides his main crop of watermelons, Hastings also grows soybeans, wheat, corn
and string beans. Much of Hastings' fields are planted using a
global-posi-tioning-system or GPS-enabled tractor, which lays out the fields
like grids and then plants in specific rows, reducing much of the overlap from
traditional planting methods.

According to the 2011 Global Agriculture Productivity Report, Brazil is an
emerging market, meaning the country's productivity is accelerating.

The report finds that Brazilian farmers invested heavily in machinery and
technology advances in the past decade, leading to an increase from 32 tractors
per 100 square kilometers in 1961 to about 130 in 2006.

The final Sussex farmer heading to Brazil is Kevin Evans of Bridgeville. Farming
more than 1,700 acres, Evans Farms sells wholesale produce to local restaurants
and operates a seasonal farm market in Bridgeville.

Established in 1943, Evans Farms grows spinach, peas, lima beans, sweet corn,
string beans and pickling cucumbers for processing, as well as watermelons,
squash, zucchini, tomatoes, cantaloupes and more.

Look for a followup in the Cape Gazette in early March after the farmers return
from Brazil.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Deer Park Tribune (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 14, 2009

Morton earns Farm Bureau honor

BYLINE: Deer Park Tribune staff

LENGTH: 318  words


State Sen. Bob Morton (R-Orient) was recently honored by the Washington Farm
Bureau for his "exemplary voting record" on issues important to the state's
agricultural community.

Morton has received recognition for his support of family farms multiple times
during his legislative career, including the Farm Bureau's Legislator of the
Year award in 2000, the Farm Bureau President's award in 2003, and awards for
his for exemplary support in 2002, 2005 and 2009.

"Agriculture is our state's number-one ndustry," Morton said. "Farmers put food
on our tables and are a key part of our state's export economy. Farming's good
health is vital to our state's economic health. We need to do as much as
possible to protect people's ability to farm - from the water they need for
their crops and livestock, to protecting livestock from predators."

Morton is a member of the Stock Water Work Group that grew out of a challenge to
the decades-old law authorizing unlimited ground water withdrawals for stock
watering without a permit.

"This issue has to be resolved in a way that protects family farms. This 'no
limit' water resource for livestock has been on the books since 1945," Morton
said.

According to a report presented to Morton and his colleagues on the work group
in early September: In 1945, Washington was home to 6,550 livestock farms. Today
sheep farming is down by 89 percent, dairy cow operations are down by 22
percent, and hog farming is down by 70 percent. Only horse and cattle farming
have increased.

"Agriculture's access to water is a key issue for me," Morton said. "I serve on
the Senate committees dealing with agriculture and water. I' work hard to give
these issues energetic and seasoned oversight."

Along with his legislative role in protecting agriculture, Morton is a member of
the Washington State Farm Bureau, the Stevens County Cattlemen's Association and
the Washington Cattlemen's Association.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPT

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 Deer Park Tribune


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                                  June 25 2011

'Govt should dispel farmers' doubts on organic farming'

BYLINE: Alok K N Mishra

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 456 words


PATNA: There is great potential in the field of organic farming in Bihar as food
products grown through conventional farming methods are less tasteful and
unhealthy, said Dr Carol Shennan, professor of environmental studies, University
of California.

Shennan was talking to TOI on the sidelines of the first-ever three-day
international conference on 'Organic Bihar' here. The seminar was inaugurated by
CM Nitish Kumar on Wednesday.

"As pesticides are not used in organic farming, the products are healthy.
Consumption of organic food will improve human health, thanks to higher levels
of nutrients available in it. The growing demand for organic food items will
bring a fortune to farmers," Carol said. She emphasized on chalking out
strategies for organic farming keeping in view the availability of nutrients in
soil and demand for various crops.

An agriculture adviser to the government of Bhutan, Dr. Thimmaiah said that
organic agriculture can feed the world and solve food security problems in the
developing countries. "Organic farming will do away with farmers' despair, if
any, in Bihar. Like Bhutan, low-cost organic agriculture can be developed in
Bihar's fertile agricultural land if the government makes conducive plans," Dr
Thimmaiah told TOI.

The conference, which will submit its detailed recommendations to the government
of Bihar, will conclude on Friday. Agriculture scientists from the United
States, New Zealand, Zimbabwe, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Switzerland are discussing
ways and opportunities to develop organic farming in Bihar. The conference is
also being attended by 100 and odd farmers.

An expert from New Zealand, Dr Michael Adair Nichols, suggested that the
government should work to instill confidence among farmers about organic farming
. "I think Bihar can overpass New Zealand in this regard as farmers here are
getting subsidy from the government. It will work as the biggest stimulus for
them," Nichols said.

"The government should work to dispel doubts that farmers still harbour on
organic farming," he said.

"There are vast challenges in the field of organic farming in Bihar. It includes
lack of information, lack of biomass weed control, and pest and disease
problems. The Indian government and other agencies like Institute of
Horticulture Technology are determinedly working upon them and the situation is
bound to improve in a big way," an expert on horticulture from Zimbabwe,
Tavagwisa Muziri, said.

On day 2 of the meet, approaches and strategies for organic production and
certification of mango and litchis were discussed. Experts also presented their
views on post-harvest management, supply chain management at farmers' level and
buyer-seller interactions.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                                  June 24 2011

'Govt should dispel farmers' doubts on organic farming'

BYLINE: Alok K N Mishra

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 456 words


PATNA: There is great potential in the field of organic farming in Bihar as food
products grown through conventional farming methods are less tasteful and
unhealthy, said Dr Carol Shennan, professor of environmental studies, University
of California.

Shennan was talking to TOI on the sidelines of the first-ever three-day
international conference on 'Organic Bihar' here. The seminar was inaugurated by
CM Nitish Kumar on Wednesday.

"As pesticides are not used in organic farming, the products are healthy.
Consumption of organic food will improve human health, thanks to higher levels
of nutrients available in it. The growing demand for organic food items will
bring a fortune to farmers," Carol said. She emphasized on chalking out
strategies for organic farming keeping in view the availability of nutrients in
soil and demand for various crops.

An agriculture adviser to the government of Bhutan, Dr. Thimmaiah said that
organic agriculture can feed the world and solve food security problems in the
developing countries. "Organic farming will do away with farmers' despair, if
any, in Bihar. Like Bhutan, low-cost organic agriculture can be developed in
Bihar's fertile agricultural land if the government makes conducive plans," Dr
Thimmaiah told TOI.

The conference, which will submit its detailed recommendations to the government
of Bihar, will conclude on Friday. Agriculture scientists from the United
States, New Zealand, Zimbabwe, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Switzerland are discussing
ways and opportunities to develop organic farming in Bihar. The conference is
also being attended by 100 and odd farmers.

An expert from New Zealand, Dr Michael Adair Nichols, suggested that the
government should work to instill confidence among farmers about organic farming
. "I think Bihar can overpass New Zealand in this regard as farmers here are
getting subsidy from the government. It will work as the biggest stimulus for
them," Nichols said.

"The government should work to dispel doubts that farmers still harbour on
organic farming," he said.

"There are vast challenges in the field of organic farming in Bihar. It includes
lack of information, lack of biomass weed control, and pest and disease
problems. The Indian government and other agencies like Institute of
Horticulture Technology are determinedly working upon them and the situation is
bound to improve in a big way," an expert on horticulture from Zimbabwe,
Tavagwisa Muziri, said.

On day 2 of the meet, approaches and strategies for organic production and
certification of mango and litchis were discussed. Experts also presented their
views on post-harvest management, supply chain management at farmers' level and
buyer-seller interactions.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          November 16, 1988, Wednesday

AQUACULTURE PRESSED TO MEET FISH DEMAND

BYLINE: BRUCE W. FRASER; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 727 words


Millions of Americans and people the world over depend on fish for food. But
supplies of seafood from traditional sources such as the sea, lakes and streams
aren't keeping up with increasing demand.

Even with the boost given to production by the rapidly expanding aquaculture
industry, in which fish and shellfish are bred in controlled environments,
eafood demand continues to mount faster than the supply.

In the United States alone, consumption of seafood over the last five years has
soared 25 percent, according to the National Marine Fisheries Service of the
U.S. Department of Commerce. Products farmed by aquaculture, as well as
harvested in the wild, are coming on the market at a rapid rate. Imports of fish
harvested in the wild are satisfying some of that demand - but not enough.

In fact, imports are climbing faster than farm-raised fish production. There was
an overall increase of 1.2 billion net pounds of edible fish imported into the
United States from 1980 to 1987. During the same period, increases in the
production of farm-raised fish totaled only 500 million net pounds. The upshot:
a nasty trade deficit that has mounted year after year for the past decade.

If domestic demand for fish products continues to increase at the present rate,
then aquaculture will never be able to satisfy that deficit, warns Mike Dicks,
an economist in the aquaculture department of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

At the same time, however, there have been increases in domestic landings and
catch. And while imports have been rising steadily, exports also have increased
dramatically.

Lee Weddig, executive vice president of the National Fisheries Institute, a
trade group, predicts that the United States will become the world's leading
exporter of seafood by the end of next year.

More likely than not, the aquaculture industry will play a big role in reaching
this goal. There are roughly 700 million pounds of fish farmed annually in the
United States, of which nearly half is catfish. Besides catfish, certain species
of clams, oysters, mussels, crawfish and other seafood are being produced in
controlled environments.

The United States imports about 75 percent of its shrimp, one of the most
popular seafoods. Of that, a good portion is farmed.

The third major area of growth is in salmon farming. Norway has been a leader in
the production of farm-raised salmon, but now a host of other countries,
including the United States, are heavily involved. The greatest U.S. activity is
in the states of Maine, Washington and Oregon.

The farming of salmon has just taken off dramatically in the last decade, says
Nancy Hasselback, editor of Seafood Business magazine, an industry trade
publication.

Norway produced 47,000 tons of farmed salmon in 1987 and expects to churn out
74,000 tons this year. A good portion of that production is marketed in the
United States, and other countries, such as Chile, Canada and New Zealand, are
following Norway's example.

Domestically, says Ms. Hasselback, we catch a lot of salmon off the Pacific
Coast and Alaska, but the products complement each other in the marketplace
because the timing is different, and the taste and texture of the wild vs. the
farm salmon attract different buyers.

Nearly all rainbow trout sold commercially is farmed, primarily in Idaho.
Likewise, mussel-farming is coming on strong in the United States. And oyster
farming is gaining ground in certain sections of the country, particularly on
the West Coast.

By far the biggest category of farm-raised fish in the United States is catfish.
This segment alone has experienced over 30 percent average annual growth since
1980. That year the domestic industry processed 46 million live pounds of
catfish, compared to 280 million live pounds last year. Another 40 million to 50
million pounds were produced through other outlets.

Although most domestic catfish is farm-raised, some 11 million to 12 million
pounds of wild catfish are imported from the Amazon River. George Williams,
executive vice president of the Catfish Farmers of America, a trade
organization, pegs the cost from such imports to the domestic catfish industry
at between $ 40 million to $ 50 million a year.

The United States and Japan are the top markets worldwide for shrimp, and
consumption is rising in both countries.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 9, 1987 Thursday

Grain growers bracing for stormy year with declining prices,   stiffer
competition

BYLINE: JOHN KOHUT; GAM

LENGTH: 566 words


BY  JOHN KOHUT
 The Globe and Mail
  Falling prices and stiff international competition are blowing up
another stormy year for Canadian grain growers, although livestock
producers can expect a profitable year.

Meanwhile, the consumer is likely to see food prices rise 3 to 5 per
cent, mainly because of higher labor costs, the federal Department of
Agriculture said in its quarterly outlook.

The department has revised its forecast for net farm income upward - to
about last year's level of $4.74-billion. This compares with a December
forecast of $3.82-billion.

The revision does not come from improved crop prospects, but rather is
the result of a $1-billion subsidy from the federal Special Canadian
Grains Program announced in December to offset the impact of an
international grain war. The money is being paid in two instalments, in
January and April.

Even with the injection of federal aid, farm income in Western Canada,
where most of Canada's grain is grown, is expected to fall 2.6 per cent,
an Agriculture Department official said. However, in Eastern Canada, farm
income is expected to rise about 5.3 per cent.

Despite rock-bottom prices and world oversupply, the United States is
expected to increase wheat production, and the European Community will
grow about the same amount of wheat as it did last year, the report said.

Research for the department's survey was completed in February, before
the United States released a report on planting intentions that shows
farmers will cut wheat acreage 11 per cent to about 61.7 million acres.

A Canadian Agriculture Department official said a drop in U.S. wheat
acreage might be offset by improved yields after last year's below-average
crop.

Canadian producers are likely to cut wheat acreage 4 per cent to 33.6
million acres, bringing production down 16 per cent to 26.6 million metric
tons from last year's 31.85 million, the report said.

A recent Statistics Canada survey of planting intentions indicates
farmers will cut wheat acreage 7.2 per cent.

Nevertheless, the reductions will not be enough to buoy prices. U.S.
and EC subsidies still will help keep grain production well above
consumption, meaning Canadian wheat prices will fall 10 to 15 per cent in
the coming year, according to the report.

One beneficiary of low grain prices will be the meat sector. The report
said low feed grain prices and low interest rates will contribute to
continued profitability for Canadian producers of pork and beef, a sector
that faces increased competition from poultry for market share.

Lower cattle numbers and continuing herd expansion will mean a drop in
beef production of 5 per cent or more from last year's 3.2 million head of
slaughtered cattle, according to the report. However, large supplies of
poultry and pork will temper any rise in red meat prices.

The report painted a mixed picture for other crops. Although fair
weather and little winter damage have given horticulture a good start to
the year, the tobacco industry, for example, still faces a tough time in
adjusting to the decline in cigaret sales and to excess stocks.

The dollar's stronger performance against its U.S. counterpart could
help keep grocery price increases to about 3 per cent, although a rise of
about 5 per cent is possible. The main cause of any price rises is likely
to be labor costs, which are forecast to climb 3.2 per cent, and packaging
costs, which are expected to be 4 per cent higher than in 1986.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 13, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

PULSE: Livestock

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 145 words


Better breeding and management in animal agriculture, dominated by the dairy
industry, has pushed up production in the New York metropolitan region in the
last two years, while the number of livestock actually fell. Dairy operations,
which account for more than 50 percent of New York's $3 billion-a-year farming
industry, put the state in the third ranking among milk producers nationally and
continue to be the strongest form of animal agriculture in Connecticut and New
Jersey. But while allowing farms to increase production, better management has
also led to consolidation. There are about half as many diary farms in the
region as 10 years ago. The beef industry in all three states occupies a small
niche in the agricultural economy. (Sources: U.S. Dept. of Agriculture, N.Y.
State Agricultural Statistics Service, Departments of Agriculture in each
state.)

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Caption

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 11, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. corn rebounds from '88 drought

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: Washington,D.C.


  Corn production in the U.S. is rebounding from last year's drought, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said yesterday, estimating the 1989 crop at 7.35 billion
bushels, an increase of 49% over last fall's stunted harvest of 4.9 billion
bushels.

The estimates were based on the department's first field surveys of the year and
reflected conditions as of Aug. 1.

Overall, the department's agricultural statistics board put total U.S. crop
production at 103% of the 1977 average, a scale used to compare output from year
to year.

The latest figures came a week after Congress, responding to flooding in the
South and drought in the Plains, approved an $897-million U.S. disaster relief
bill for farmers.

While corn and soybean production was estimated at about average for the decade,
wheat production across the grain belt was forecast as weaker than usual, with
fields lacking rain since early July.

Agriculture Department economists had projected the corn crop at 7. 85 billion
bushels in June and revised that to 7.45 billion last month.

Soybean production was estimated by the department's agricultural statistics
board at 1.91 billion bushels, up 24% from last year's harvest of 1.54 billion.
Production of all wheat was estimated at 2.04 billion bushels, up 13% from the
1988 harvest of 1.81 billion bushels.

Winter wheat production was estimated at 1.47 billion bushels, down 6% from last
year. Durum wheat was indicated at 90.7 million bushels, up 102% from the 1988
harvest but down 19% from the July forecast because of drought problems in the
Dakotas.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday

Youth farmers leaving land to pursue other careers

BYLINE: Joe Callahan, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1054 words


Oct. 7--OCALA -- There's another profession that's rapidly becoming endangered
in the United States, a looming crisis that has drawn little attention.

There are no groups picketing to save them. And, without intervention, it is a
profession that its absence could create another economic crisis in a few
decades.

It's the crisis of the aging farmer.

For three decades, older farmers have preached about the future of farming, the
fact that fewer young people are coming in to replace those who retire.

The percentage of the nation's younger farmers, those under the age of 35, has
decreased from 15.5 in 1978 to 5.8 percent last year.

In contrast, the percentage of the nation's older farmers, those over the age of
55, has increased from 40.9 in 1978 to an estimated two-thirds last year.

During that time, the average age of a farmer has risen from age 50 to 58.

The bottom line is that young people, even those from farming families, are
ditching a family tradition for college and a different life.

In all, Marion County has 300,000 acres of agriculture land, though nearly half
is woodland acres.

There are 51,000 heads of cattle, making the county the 11th largest cattle
producer in the state.

There are 36,400 thoroughbred horses that employ 12,000 workers.

There are five dairies that produce 7.4 million gallons of milk.

There are 1,000 acres of watermelon, 100 acres of squash and nearly 1,200 acres
of citrus.

David Holmes, Marion County's extension agent, said running a farm is like the
old Western "riverboat gambler."

He said with Marion County's weather -- like the threat of hurricanes, possible
freezes and an occasional droughts -- farming is not for the faint of heart.

And fewer and fewer people have the heart.

"I just don't think I could sleep at night if I had that kind of a farm," Holmes
said of those nights when threats of freezing temperature may kill a crop.
"Unless you inherit land, it is hard to make money farming."

Coupled with the rising cost of fuel that has impacted feed and fertilizer.
Holmes said it makes it difficult for cattlemen, as well as crop growers.

Terence McElroy, the press secretary for the Florida Department of Agriculture,
said weather has always dictated what is grown, and where, in Florida.

One prime example is the citrus industry.

Back in the 1940s and 1950s, most of the state's citrus was grown north of State
Road 50, or basically north of Orlando, and Weirsdale was a packing mecca.

But with freezes in 1983, 1985 and 1989, which killed 99 percent of the groves
north of S.R. 50, the citrus industry moved south.

The old groves became retirement villages.

The same thing occurred over the years to traditional vegetable crops, where
farms have also migrated to southern Florida counties.

Officials all agree that organizations, like the group once known as Future
Farmers of America and 4-H, are important to get younger farmers back.

Without an influx of those younger farmers, the future of America remaining as
one of the world's top food producers is in jeopardy.

It's been 43 years since Richard Barber started his first farm in Marion County,
a venture he never has regretted.

Though it has been a lot of hard work, long days and sheer determination,
farming has seen him through tough times.

Barber said rising land prices, the cost of fertilizers and the cost of fuel is
making it tough on farmers. However, he does believe a good businessman can
still make a good living off the land.

He says leasing land to plant is the answer.

He knows there is no way to make it in farming if someone has to buy land at
about $15,000 an acre.

But, if they are smart, there is money still in one of the nation's oldest
professions -- farming.

"If you buy the land, it would be hard to make money with a legal crop," said
Barber, who was inducted into the Florida Agriculture Hall of Fame in 2004 and
the Marion County Agriculture Hall of Fame in 2004.

Barber said a successful farmer must know their soil and plan harvests at the
best available window of opportunity.

Barber also recognizes that finding enough of land to lease is getting harder
now that more large tracts have been divided into parcels for homes.

But leasing the land is the way to go to make money.

Barber leases 1,000 acres land to grow peanuts. On that land, he produces about
8 million pounds of peanuts. Barber also has cattle, hay fields and watermelons.

He said the trick to being a successful farmer these days is to make sure you
grow as much as you can per acre, or what is called a good yield.

For instance, the average acre produces 3,400 pounds of peanuts. Barber says he
yields about 4,000 pounds per acre and the extra yield means more profit.

"If you have the desire, you will find a way to be productive in agriculture,"
said Barber, adding that it will be a challenge and quite an exhilarating ride.

There are some young farmers trying to keep traditions alive.

James LeFils, 28, who works with his uncles at Seiler Farms, earned a degree
from the University of Florida in agriculture business management.

LeFils said he thinks it is the best profession and perfect for raising a
family.

He has two children with his wife, Sara: James Brian, 2, and Rebecca, 6 months.
It is a life that he believes is one of the most important in America.

LeFils grew up learning the industry, especially when it comes hay, cattle and
even logging.

Today, he works cattle, hay and peanuts. LeFils knows the profession means long
days, but he believes the benefits of making a living at it is important.

"Land is too expensive, too valuable to buy," he said. "We pretty much lease the
land."

He says that farming is the country's lifeline and without farmers then the
United States would become reliant on imported food.

"A safe food supply is most important to this country," LeFils said, adding that
it is all about pride. "It's all worthwhile and I love it."

To see more of the Ocala Star-Bannner -- including its homes, jobs, cars and
other classified listings -- or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.starbanner.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081007-OA-FARMERS-20081007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2008 Ocala Star-Banner


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday

Youth leaving land to pursue other careers

BYLINE: Joe Callahan, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1054 words


Oct. 7--OCALA -- There's another profession that's rapidly becoming endangered
in the United States, a looming crisis that has drawn little attention.

There are no groups picketing to save them. And, without intervention, it is a
profession that its absence could create another economic crisis in a few
decades.

It's the crisis of the aging farmer.

For three decades, older farmers have preached about the future of farming, the
fact that fewer young people are coming in to replace those who retire.

The percentage of the nation's younger farmers, those under the age of 35, has
decreased from 15.5 in 1978 to 5.8 percent last year.

In contrast, the percentage of the nation's older farmers, those over the age of
55, has increased from 40.9 in 1978 to an estimated two-thirds last year.

During that time, the average age of a farmer has risen from age 50 to 58.

The bottom line is that young people, even those from farming families, are
ditching a family tradition for college and a different life.

In all, Marion County has 300,000 acres of agriculture land, though nearly half
is woodland acres.

There are 51,000 heads of cattle, making the county the 11th largest cattle
producer in the state.

There are 36,400 thoroughbred horses that employ 12,000 workers.

There are five dairies that produce 7.4 million gallons of milk.

There are 1,000 acres of watermelon, 100 acres of squash and nearly 1,200 acres
of citrus.

David Holmes, Marion County's extension agent, said running a farm is like the
old Western "riverboat gambler."

He said with Marion County's weather -- like the threat of hurricanes, possible
freezes and an occasional droughts -- farming is not for the faint of heart.

And fewer and fewer people have the heart.

"I just don't think I could sleep at night if I had that kind of a farm," Holmes
said of those nights when threats of freezing temperature may kill a crop.
"Unless you inherit land, it is hard to make money farming."

Coupled with the rising cost of fuel that has impacted feed and fertilizer.
Holmes said it makes it difficult for cattlemen, as well as crop growers.

Terence McElroy, the press secretary for the Florida Department of Agriculture,
said weather has always dictated what is grown, and where, in Florida.

One prime example is the citrus industry.

Back in the 1940s and 1950s, most of the state's citrus was grown north of State
Road 50, or basically north of Orlando, and Weirsdale was a packing mecca.

But with freezes in 1983, 1985 and 1989, which killed 99 percent of the groves
north of S.R. 50, the citrus industry moved south.

The old groves became retirement villages.

The same thing occurred over the years to traditional vegetable crops, where
farms have also migrated to southern Florida counties.

Officials all agree that organizations, like the group once known as Future
Farmers of America and 4-H, are important to get younger farmers back.

Without an influx of those younger farmers, the future of America remaining as
one of the world's top food producers is in jeopardy.

It's been 43 years since Richard Barber started his first farm in Marion County,
a venture he never has regretted.

Though it has been a lot of hard work, long days and sheer determination,
farming has seen him through tough times.

Barber said rising land prices, the cost of fertilizers and the cost of fuel is
making it tough on farmers. However, he does believe a good businessman can
still make a good living off the land.

He says leasing land to plant is the answer.

He knows there is no way to make it in farming if someone has to buy land at
about $15,000 an acre.

But, if they are smart, there is money still in one of the nation's oldest
professions -- farming.

"If you buy the land, it would be hard to make money with a legal crop," said
Barber, who was inducted into the Florida Agriculture Hall of Fame in 2004 and
the Marion County Agriculture Hall of Fame in 2004.

Barber said a successful farmer must know their soil and plan harvests at the
best available window of opportunity.

Barber also recognizes that finding enough of land to lease is getting harder
now that more large tracts have been divided into parcels for homes.

But leasing the land is the way to go to make money.

Barber leases 1,000 acres land to grow peanuts. On that land, he produces about
8 million pounds of peanuts. Barber also has cattle, hay fields and watermelons.

He said the trick to being a successful farmer these days is to make sure you
grow as much as you can per acre, or what is called a good yield.

For instance, the average acre produces 3,400 pounds of peanuts. Barber says he
yields about 4,000 pounds per acre and the extra yield means more profit.

"If you have the desire, you will find a way to be productive in agriculture,"
said Barber, adding that it will be a challenge and quite an exhilarating ride.

There are some young farmers trying to keep traditions alive.

James LeFils, 28, who works with his uncles at Seiler Farms, earned a degree
from the University of Florida in agriculture business management.

LeFils said he thinks it is the best profession and perfect for raising a
family.

He has two children with his wife, Sara: James Brian, 2, and Rebecca, 6 months.
It is a life that he believes is one of the most important in America.

LeFils grew up learning the industry, especially when it comes hay, cattle and
even logging.

Today, he works cattle, hay and peanuts. LeFils knows the profession means long
days, but he believes the benefits of making a living at it is important.

"Land is too expensive, too valuable to buy," he said. "We pretty much lease the
land."

He says that farming is the country's lifeline and without farmers then the
United States would become reliant on imported food.

"A safe food supply is most important to this country," LeFils said, adding that
it is all about pride. "It's all worthwhile and I love it."

To see more of the Ocala Star-Bannner -- including its homes, jobs, cars and
other classified listings -- or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.starbanner.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081007-OA-FARMERS-AGING-20081007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2008 Ocala Star-Banner


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 9, 2013

New plant pest confirmed in Delaware;
Farmers urged to report any kudzu bug infestations

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 440  words


A new nuisance plant pest that can consume certain row and vegetable crops -
including lima beans and soybeans - has been confirmed in Delaware.

The kudzu bug was recently found on pole lima beans on a Sussex County farm,
reported the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service.

Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee said growers should be on the alert and
report any suspected infestations. Pesticides can be used to protect crops.

"We want farmers to know about this latest pest, which has been steadily on the
move from the South since it was first detected in 2009," Kee said. "We now have
an early warning, and this is the time to prepare."

In addition to soybeans, which are primarily used for animal feed in Delaware,
the kudzu bug can also go after succulent beans, such as lima beans, broad
beans, mung beans and common garden beans.

The kudzu bug, a relative of the stinkbug also known as Megacopta cribraria or
the Bean plataspid, was previously confirmed only as far north as Virginia. It
has also been found in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. Soybean growers in the South have
reported that nymphs and adults feed on plant stems and leaves. A 2012 survey by
the University of Delaware Cooperative Extension found no kudzu bug in the
Delaware.

"We know that these pests have been traveling, and now we know that they're in
Delaware," said Dr. Faith Kuehn, DDA's plant industries administrator. "There
are approved and safe treatments to keep the kudzu bug off crops, but
preparation and awareness are key. This is still a relatively new plant pest in
the United States, and we are steadily learning more about how it will feed,
disperse and act here."

The insect's presence in Delaware was identified and confirmed thanks to a rapid
response involving an agricultural consultant, University of Delaware
Cooperative Extension researchers, the Delaware Department of Agriculture and
the

U.S. Department of Agriculture's Plant Protection and Quarantine office in
Beltsville, Md.

The kudzu bug is so named because a primary host is the kudzu vine, an invasive
plant introduced from Asia more than a century ago that has been growing quickly
in much of the southeastern United States. The olive-green adult bugs are
smaller than a dime, about 4 to 6 millimeters long, and can generate a bad odor
if disturbed.

Farmers with questions about the kudzu bug can contact the Department of
Agriculture's Plant Industries Section at 302-698-4500; University of Delaware
entomologist Joanne Whalen at 302-831-1303; or local university extension
agents.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

Century Properties expands to agriculture

LENGTH: 289  words


Century Properties Inc. is pushing for the application of precision farming for
the first time in the Philippines through a multibillion-peso project on growing
corn for the production of animal feeds.

The project, which is to be done through Palawan Supercorn Development Corp.
(PSDC), is a joint venture with Precision Agriculture Management and Grains
Development (PAMGD) Southeast Asia.

The real estate developer is seeking to register the Supercorn project with the
Board of Investments, mainly for implementing a pioneering technology in the
country.

According to Century Propeties, the project intends to use 50,000 hectares of
farms and would need a total investment of P10 billion over 15 years.

At such scale, the Supercorn project is expected to hire 250 people.

In a proposal presented to the Department of Agriculture, Century Properties
said PSDC would help address the increasing demand for corn in the country
through the use of efficient and innovative corn farming techniques.

Meanwhile, the California-based PAMGD intends to provide jobs, train and educate
communities in agriculture and agribusiness.

The Supercorn project will also provide livelihood by way of smallholder
out-grower production, and financing and buy-back schmes for yellow corn
production, the proposal said.

The joint venture partners have identified the islands of Busuanga, Culion and
Coron in Palawan for the production of yellow corn with complete, fully
mechanized farming equipment and post-harvest facilities.

Further, the project is intended to help address the demand-supply mismatch of
corn between Southeast Asia and the Americas-with the Philippines, Indonesia and
Malaysia importing some 6 million tons from the United States and South America.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     August 19, 1996, Monday, METRO EDITION

Wheat board stays, Chretien says PM addresses divisive issue

BYLINE: by Darcy Henton TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: REGINA


   REGINA - Prime Minister Jean Chretien dashed the hopes of farmers opposed to
the Canadian Wheat Board yesterday by pledging not to implement changes that
might kill the Prairie grain marketing monopoly.

"I think the great majority of farmers want to keep the wheat board and they
don't want us to do anything that will destroy the wheat board," Chretien said
yesterday after touring a wheat farm west of here.

He said there are some problems with the board that can be resolved without
implementing radical changes which might threaten its existence.

"I am confident the wheat board will stay - no doubt about it."

The Prime Minister's comments are the first indication of what action the
federal government might take on a divisive issue to farmers and which has
sparked a number of demonstrations and court cases on the Prairies this summer.

A group of farmers who call themselves Farmers For Justice have vowed to go to
jail if necessary to win the right to sell their grain to whomever they wish,
rather than to the board.

One Manitoba farmer is in jail and about 150 others face charges over hauling
their grain to the United States to get a better price for wheat and barley than
what the wheat board can guarantee.

The Alberta government has launched court action to challenge the monopoly and
the Saskatchewan government has taken the opposite position.

Federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale, who accompanied Chretien on his farm
tour yesterday, has asked farmers to advise him by the end of the month whether
or not to implement changes that would curtail the board's monopoly.

Chretien said yesterday the government won't be careless about the wheat board's
future.

"It is my understanding people don't want the wheat board to disappear and it
has been extremely useful in difficult times," he said.

He said market conditions may now favor farmers who want to truck grain to the
United States, but the wheat board offers protection they need when prices
aren't so good.

"For me it is quite clear," he said. "You can't have a wheat board in tough
times if you don't have it in good times, too."

Chretien's comments are practically a call to arms for farmers opposing the
wheat board monopoly, said Saskatoon Farmers For Justice adviser Dan Creighton.

"There's nothing that's going to stop the Farmers For Justice," Creighton said.
"They know they are not violating the law."

But Alan Ganshorn, who hosted the Prime Minister and his entourage on his
770-hectare (1,900-acre) farm, said most Saskatchewan farmers endorse the wheat
board.

"We need the wheat board to regulate the standards and quality of our product,"
said Ganshorn.

The Prime Minister's visit to Regina got off to a rough start when an RCMP
security team member failed to recognize Liberal MP Morris Bodnar
(Saskatoon-Dundurn) and shoved him roughly out of the way when he approached
Chretien inside the arena.

Bodnar, who declined comment, received an apology from the officer.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2015

Family farms are future of agriculture;
Other Views

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 693  words


My family owns a farm near Medina, and we now are transitioning that operation
to Steve Sund and his family. Our farm has always been and will always remain a
family farm committed to serve the health of the land and the community.

In my career I've had the opportunity to directly observe the evolution of
corporate -- owned farms. Such farms operate by a single principle: maximum,
efficient production for short-term economic return (especially return to the
shareholders). There are no incentives in that business model to attend to the
health of the land or the community. As an article from Time magazine pointed
out in October 1992. the corporatization of U.S. agriculture makes farmers
"virtual serfs on their own lajid." That is not the path to a future sustainable
food and farming system in this country.

The expansion of non-family corporations into North Dakota will enhance the
undemocratic and unfair system that is damaging communities across the world.
Non-family corporations are attacking Country of Origin Labeling (COOL),
destroying food sovereignty, and fighting to weaken laws that protect people,
land, and communities. It is in everyone's interest to attend to this
destructive process.

Weakening the anti-corporate farming law in North Dakota is a grim mistake. The
movement toward large-scale industrial agriculture is not just about unfair
economics; it is about the negative impacts on quality of life, the environment,
and destruction of rural communities. Non-family corporate controlled
agriculture is destroying rural communities across the United States.

Furthermore, these structures are extremely energy intensive and cannot continue
to operate as energy costs go up. As an example, when crude oil rose to
$147/barrel back in 2007, corporate hog operations in Iowa were losing $20 a
hog. We need to prepare for a future when crude oil will likely be much higher
than that. We need to design farming systems that are more regenerative, more
diverse and more self-renewing.

Corporate farms operating on the principle of short-term return, devoted to
"getting big or getting out,' and farming "fencerow to fencerow" are not
sustainable. Family farms operating on the principle of taking care of the land
and their communities will have a distinct competitive advantage.

Family agriculture in rural North Dakota is thriving because North Dakota's
farmers and ranchers are the experts. They are in the best position to make
decisions about how to use their land and run their businesses.

And most importantly, they operate on the principle of affection -- affection
for land, affection for community, affection tor home, and for your neighbor.
The focus for North Dakota must be on strengthening family-run agriculture,
rural communities and using the tools we have to grow the economy from the
bottom up.

We have an ideal system of family farm agriculture in N.D. It is not a relic of
the past -- it is the agriculture of the future. North Dakotans support and want
food produced on a family farm where food safety, food security, and stewardship
of land and livestock are a way of life.

N.D. Farmers Union and Dakota Resource Council have got it right. Why change a
system we know works? Together with volunteers from across the state, these
groups have successfully completed a petition drive to refer Senate Bill 2351,
which weakened protections for family -- run ag in N.D. The Secretary of State's
Office is now verifying the over 21,000 signatures collected for placement on
the June 2016 ballot.

All of this is not just about short-term economics as a recent Fargo Forum
editorial implied, it is about long-term food and farming resilience, and that
security is in everyone's interest. How North Dakotans vote on this issue in
2016 will have a strong impact on our food future, and that does kick up more
than a "dust devil's worth of difference."

(Kirschenmann is president of Kirschenmann Family Farms near Medina. A member of
Dakota Resource Council, Kirschenmann has given talks around the world on
agricultural issues and is the author of the 2010 book, "Cultivating an
Ecological Conscience: Essays from a Farmer Philosopher.")

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Golden Valley News


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Statement from Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Farm Income
Forecasts for 2015 and 2016

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the following statement today on the
Farm Income and Financial Forecasts for 2015 and 2016, released by USDA's
Economic Research Service.





 "Today's farm income forecast underscores the unique ability of American
farmers and ranchers to plan ahead and make sharp business decisions in a
challenging market, as net farm income for 2015 was revised up significantly to
$80.7 billion-an increase of 43 percent since the February forecast. Falling
production expenses, including the price of fuel and inputs, was the largest
contributor to this latest rally by farmers. Just last week, farm exports for
2016 were revised up to one of the highest levels on record, demonstrating that
U.S. farmers and ranchers continue to beat expectations. Overall, farm income
over the last five-year period reflects the highest average five-year period on
record. Although net farm income for 2016 is forecast to decline relative to
2015, the 2014 Farm Bill has provided for a comprehensive farm safety net that
will ensure financial stability for America's farming families. Farm Bill
program payments-including Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC), Price Loss Coverage
(PLC), and the Margin Protection Program for Dairy (MPP)-are forecast to
increase nearly 25 percent to $13.5 billion in 2016. For producers challenged by
weather, disease and falling prices, we will continue to ensure the availability
of a strong safety net to keep them farming or ranching.



 "The estimates today also showed that debt to asset and debt to equity
ratios-two key indicators of the farm economy's health-continue to be near
all-time lows. In addition to strong balance sheets, median household income for
farming families remains near historic highs. In 2016, higher off-farm earnings
are expected to help stabilize losses due to low commodity prices.



 "The trend in strong household income reflects work of the Obama Administration
since 2009 to make significant and targeted investments across the United States
toward building a more robust system of production agriculture, expanding
foreign markets for U.S. farm goods, bolstering local and regional food systems
across the country, and creating a new bio-based economy in rural communities
that today supports more than 4 million American jobs. At the same time, rural
communities have been infused with billions of dollars to build schools,
hospitals, and public safety headquarters, and businesses of all sizes have
availed themselves of USDA's business loans and grants to spur growth that
complements the agricultural economy. Other key investments made by USDA since
2009 include new or improved high-speed internet service to 6 million Americans
in rural areas, along with investments in electricity, water and wastewater, and
clean power, that will continue to strengthen rural communities for generations
to come.



 "Outside the United States, demand for American-grown food and agricultural
products remains strong. Agricultural exports have surpassed $1 trillion since
2009, besting all previous records in terms of value and volume and acting as an
engine for America's farm economy. USDA will continue to ensure American farming
families have open markets and a level playing field by working to remove unfair
barriers to trade and negotiating trade agreements, such as the Trans Pacific
Partnership, that benefit all of agriculture."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                           September 17, 2012 Monday

Idaho, U.S. sugar beet harvest could be largest ever

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 204  words


Idaho is on target to break a record in sugar beet production this summer.

Bill Sigrist, an agricultural statistician with the United States Department of
Agriculture, said the drought that hit most of the United States this summer
didn't affect beet production.

"It's been a good growing year. There's been a lot of heat, but plenty of
moisture to go with the heat," Sigrist said. "Last year we had a huge amounts of
snowpack and good carryover, so that we still had water stocks.

Even in Minnesota, where drought has cut into corn crop yields, beets grew well
this year. Minnesota is the nation's largest beet producer, with 473,000 acres
this year. Idaho is second in line in terms of production, with 182,000
harvested acres this year.

If crop expectations are realized, U.S. sugar beet production for 2012 will be
35.6 tons, up 23 percent from last year. Growers expect to harvest 1.2 million
acres, which is up slightly from last year.

The yield nationally is forecast at 29.3 tons per acre, up from 5.5 acres last
year. In Idaho, yield is expected to hit 35.4 tons per acre, Sigrist said.

Idaho is expected to harvest about 15 percent of the nation's sugar beet acreage
this year, and will produce 21 percent of the sugar beets.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            December 7, 1998, Monday

Under agreement, Canada will further ease way for US agricultural products

BYLINE: BY DOUG PALMER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


U.S. trade negotiators said Friday they had reached an agreement with Canada to
further open its market to U.S. farm goods, allowing Montana and North Dakota
farmers to ship grain directly to Canada. The agreement, announced by U.S. Trade
Representative Charlene Barshefsky, also included Canada's promise to allow U.S.
farmers to export grain by rail and to revise its animal health import
regulations.  The agricultural trading partnership between Canada and the United
States is one of the biggest in the world, with $15 billion in farm goods
crossing the border last year. ""This is a first step, but for American farmers
and ranchers it is good news in a trying year, '' Ms. Barshefsky said in a
statement. ""While we clearly have more to do, the measures we have achieved
today will help solve many of the problems faced by grain growers, the cattle
industry and pork producers.'' The agreement was described as an important step
toward resolving a number of long-simmering farm trade disputes along the
U.S.-Canadian border. A Sunday blockade had been planned by angry farmers in
Minnesota, Montana and North Dakota to stop imports of Canadian goods if Ottawa
did not agree to some specific changes. The pact included greater cooperation on
cattle trade data and a U.S. plan to establish a new mechanism to monitor grain
imports from Canada with quarterly consultations between both nations. It also
will eliminate a 30-day quarantine on U.S. live hogs exported to Canada from 33
states, sharply reducing costs for U.S. producers. Ottawa also agreed to
eliminate burdensome testing requirements for a wheat disease known as karnal
bunt, which affected much of the wheat grown in 14 Northern U.S. states, Ms.
Barshefsky said. U.S. trade officials acknowledged there were more farm trade
issues yet to be resolved with Canada. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said
Canada also agreed to work with the United States to avoid trade disruptions
based on differing regulations for pesticides and veterinary drugs for animals.
The American Farm Bureau, the nation's largest farmer organization, expressed
some skepticism about the agreement and said U.S. producers would be watching to
see if Canada lived up to the pact. ""It's progress, obviously. There's a lot of
work to be done,'' said Dick Newpher, head of the Farm Bureau's office in
Washington. American farmers have complained that an influx of Canadian wheat,
cattle and pigs pushed down U.S. prices while the border rules denied them
access to Canadian markets. The dispute over agricultural trade has become a
high-profile issue for Northern farm state lawmakers because growers are facing
the lowest commodity prices in a generation, skyrocketing rates of bankruptcies
and a series of weather and crop disease problems.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       August 13, 1999, Friday, Edition 1

U.S. FARMERS PREPARING FOR BUMPER CROPS

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 275 words



Oppressive heat

not a factor

WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. farmers will harvest bin-busting crops of corn, soybeans,
rice and other products despite the drought and heat that have plagued parts of
the country this summer, the agriculture department said yesterday.

The agriculture department expects a modest increase in prices for some
commodities - 20 cents (U.S.) a bushel for soybeans and 5 cents a bushel for
corn - because of tightening world supplies or rising exports. But the higher
prices still wouldn't cover farmers' cost of production, so the rosier
projections are unlikely to slow a drive in Congress to pass a major bailout of
the agricultural economy.

The Senate last week approved a $7.4 billion (U.S.) package of farm
assistance[semi] the House has yet to act.

Soybean production is forecast at a record high 2.9 billion bushels, up 4 per
cent from last year, although the drought has ruined crops from Ohio through the
mid-Atlantic states.

Most of the U.S. heartland has received plenty of rain this summer and a Midwest
heat wave eased in time to spare most crops.

The corn harvest is expected to be the third-largest on record at 9.6 billion
bushels.

The department said it expects the average price of corn to range from $1.70
(U.S.) to $2.10 (U.S.) this year. Soybean prices should average $4.10 to $4. 90
(U.S.) a bushel.

Wheat production is down 9 per cent, as many farmers switched to other crops
they thought would be more lucrative this year.

But world wheat stocks are rising because of a big crop in China this year, so
the agriculture department doesn't expect prices to increase.


LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: <CREDIT> AP FILE PHOTO </CREDIT> <SUBJECT> GOLDEN HARVEST: </SUBJECT>
The U.S. department of agriculture yesterday predicted that the dramatic drought
conditions that have decimated some parts of the United States won't have a
dramatic impact on over-all agricultural production this year.

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 3, 2015

Lewes Farmers Market to host farmers workshop

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 192  words


The Historic Lewes Farmers Market will hold its ninth annual free farmers
workshop from 10 a.m. to noon, Saturday, March 7, at Lavender Fields Farm, 18864
Cool Spring Road, Milton. The workshop is especially for small and sustainable
farmers and growers.

Farmers and growers are invited to attend this highly instructive and fun
workshop which offers a unique local opportunity to learn about and strengthen
their knowledge and skills on successful marketing, and exchange ideas about
farming and agriculture.

HLFM scholarship participants who attended this year's Pennsylvania Association
of Sustainable Agriculture, Future Harvest CASA, Mid-Atlantic Fruit and
Vegetable Association, Southeast Regional Fruit and Vegetable Association,
Northeast Organic Farming Association and Mid Atlantic Fruit and Vegetable
conferences will be on hand to share the techniques and knowledge gained at the
conferences.

The workshop is free, but registration by phone or email is required because
space is limited, and attendees will need to be notified in case of cancellation
due to weather. To register, email historiclewesfarmersmarket@comcast.net or
call 302-644-1436.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

US expert pushes agricultural coexistence at IRRI confab

BYLINE: James Konstantin Galvez

LENGTH: 724 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) called on nations to further
boost food production, saying an expanding global population and the threat of
severe weather events compels not only the United States but also other nations
to propagate "coexistence" agriculture.

Dr. Pesach Lubinsky, science advisor at the USDA-New Technologies Division,
Foreign Agricultural Service, told participants at a seminar he conducted on
September 22 at the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) that
coexistence agriculture will increase yields for rice and other crops by
simultaneously nurturing genetically modified (GM) and organic plants in a
specific area.

Under coexistence farming, different types of crops will be grown in an area
using different production systems, similar to the concept of "making a hundred
flowers bloom and a thousand schools of thought contend" as practiced in Chinese
agriculture and politics.

Coexistence, as defined in a report of the USDA Advisory Committee on
Biotechnology and 21st Century Agriculture (AC21), is the concurrent cultivation
of conventional, organic, identity preserved (IP), and genetically engineered
(GE) crops consistent with underlying consumer preferences and farmer choices.

Lubinsky noted that the USDA has been promoting coexistence farming in order to
rationalize agricultural production since the demand for organic crops has been
rising even as the global requirement for food has been growing apace.

SEARCA Director Gil Saguiguit Jr. said Philippine research institutions are
actually engaged more on traditional crop breeding rather than developing GMOs
and noted that both PhilRice and IRRI are also conducting work on organic crops.

In the USDA concept, all the stakeholders\x97from organic farmers to those who
nurture GMO crops\x97have to confront the issue of global hunger, with 868
million people sleeping nightly on empty stomachs.

Bigger issue is hunger, not GMOs

Lubinsky said the USDA wants farmers, consumers as well as government to act in
a collective manner "to help US agriculture remain competitive" and revealed
that coexistence had been in the works since 2000, when policymakers realized
that the bigger issue is hunger and not GMOs and organic produce.

AC21 also covers issues like the impact of GMOs on traditional organic varieties
and how the state can compensate organic farmers should their plants be affected
by GMO crops.

"There will be compensation for those affected but this can be facilitated
through the establishment of eligibility standards as well as the specific tools
and triggers of impact as well as the testing protocols for verification,"
Lubinsky said.

AC21 is also involved in the conduct of research on coexistence farming as well
as gene flow management and assessment of the quality and diversity of US seeds
and germplasms.

Lubinsky noted that the USDA is trying to reach more farmers and promote best
farm practices and is working on GMO-related economic losses for organic farmers
while improving crop insurance for them.

USDA is addressing the issue of seed purity and quality seed availability for
organic and non-GMO farmers.

He said the department is conducting stakeholder workshops on current and future
actions on coexistence farming.

Lubinsky said the market demand for US-grown crops is increasing and output from
the organic, conventional, and biotechnology sectors must rise in order to meet
the demand.

Thus, the expert noted, the differences and challenges of each sector must be
studied and opportunities for growth in each sector should be determined in
order to maximize the potentials of the three types of crops.

Lubinsky noted that as the world population grows, the food requirement also
increases and one way of boosting yields is through coexistence farming.

The seminar was organized by the Biotechnology Coalition of the Philippines
(BCP) and the USDA in partnership with the Philippine Rice Research Institute
(PhilRice), IRRI, International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech
Applications (ISAAA), Southeast Asian Regional Center for Graduate Study and
Research in Agriculture-Biotechnology Information Center (SEARCA-BIC),
University of the Philippines Los Banos (UPLB), and the UP League of
Agricultural Biotechnology Students (UPLABS).

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: English

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Political/General News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      April 10, 1999, Saturday, Edition 1

WORLD GRAIN GLUT COULD WORSEN

BYLINE: D'Arcy Doran

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 408 words


U.S., Canada predict bumper crop, lower prices

 BUSINESS REPORTER

 Bad weather is the only hope for Ontario's hard-hit farmers who want the prices
of their crops to rise, agriculture analysts say.

The United States agriculture department's latest monthly report predicts that a
bumper harvest this year will dump more into the worldwide grain glut.
Yesterday's report forecasts U.S. soybean stockpiles will be the biggest in 13
years and last week the department predicted the largest corn surplus in seven
years.

The forecasts come at a time when European Union barley stocks are at record
high levels and wheat supplies are piling up around the world.

''The most likely good news is if during the growing season, something happens
to decrease the expected crop yields,'' said Dave Hope, director of policy
analysis for Ontario's agriculture ministry. ''If some region of the world has
weather problems, then prices might increase in anticipation of lower than
expected crop yields.''

The worse case scenario would be that everyone produces more than expected and
prices drop further, Hope said.

Analysts don't expect the U.S. projections to push prices down any further.

Prices have been driven down by over-production and a lack of demand in key
markets.

''It's sort of like the Titanic sinking,'' Chris Beckman, oilseeds analyst for
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, said from Winnipeg. ''At this point, an extra
ounce of water won't make any difference.''

The low soybean and corn prices have helped insulate hog farmers, who have also
been hit by decreased demand, from worse suffering. About 70 per cent of the
$140 it costs to raise an average hog goes into corn and soybean feed.

At the end of last year, some farmers were selling their hogs for about $110,
said Keith Robins, spokesperson for the Ontario Pork Producers' Marketing Board.
If feed prices had been higher, hog farmers would have lost even more.

The U.S. agriculture report raised the estimate for the U.S. corn surplus by 5
per cent to 1.799 billion bushels. The agency expects to have 430 million
bushels of soybeans when the 1999 harvest begins.

In its March report, Agriculture Canada projected Canada's soybean crop, which
grows mostly in Ontario, will be 210,000 tonnes, up slightly from 192, 000
tonnes last year. Canada's corn crop will increase to 118,000 tonnes this year
compared to 100,000 tonnes last year.


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday

US AGRICULTURAL POLICY IS DESTRUCTIVE

LENGTH: 578 words


United States agriculture policy is outdated, harmful to small farmers and
devastating to third world countries trying to make a profit by growing crops.
The basic situation is as follows: in the wake of the Great Depression, subsidy
programs were put into place initially as temporary measures, to help farmers
during an economic crisis.

According to the USDA's website, in the 1930s about 25% of the U.S. population
lived and worked on the nation's six million small farms and these subsidies
protected the livelihood of farmers -- at that time about a quarter of the
country's population. However, by 1997 about 157,000 large farms accounted for
72% of farm sales, with only two percent of the U.S. population residing on
farms.

This changing of the American farming landscape without a significant change in
agricultural subsidies policy has created a system that encourages
overproduction of crops. Farmers (mostly large scale farmers, or corporate
farmers) produce as much of a product as they can. Since they are guaranteed a
minimum price by the U.S. government, whatever cost of production the market
value of their crops do not cover, the government makes up the difference.

So what happens to all the extra crops that Americans don't eat? All the extra
crops are dumped onto the international market, which drives the prices of those
goods lower than the cost to grow them. This is simply devastating to the many
countries who base their welfare on agriculture. Take the cotton industry.
According to Oxfam America, a non-profit organization dedicated to ending world
poverty, more than ten million people in West and Central African countries earn
their livelihoods from cotton production.

Oxfam says, "The United States is the world's largest exporter and subsidizer of
cotton, spending nearly four billion a year on subsidies ... this is roughly
three times the entire U.S. aid budget for Africa's 500 million people." The
resultant overproduction and dumping of cotton on the world market, drives the
price of cotton below what it takes to produce, even in small countries where
the cost of production is lower than in the U.S.

Farmers in these agriculture-dependant countries are unable to sell their crops
for profit. As a result, these farmers cannot afford to educate their children,
obtain decent housing and clothing or even feed themselves or their families.
The continued support of U.S. agricultural subsidies policies in the United
States should not be considered a political slight, but rather a violation of
human rights.

Even within the United States, agricultural subsides clearly benefit large-scale
corporate farms and not small family owned farms. According to a press release
from Oxfam, the largest ten percent of cotton farms receive three quarters of
total payment. In 2001, ten farms received $17 million between them. And this
kind of statistic holds true across other kinds of crops that the U.S.
government also subsidizes.

Both at home and abroad, the current farm bill, the legislation under which
subsidies fall, is harmful to the livelihoods of people who are attempting (and
in many cases obligated) to make a living from farming. This year, Congress will
vote on a new farm bill. I hope that they recognize the harm that a continuation
of current legislation will cause and create a new farm bill that stops
rewarding the lobbying corporate farms and takes the lives of millions of
farmers worldwide into careful consideration.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 27, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BEST BUYS

SECTION: Section C; Page 9, Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 826 words


THOSE fruits and vegetables that have been scarce and expensive in recent weeks
are coming back on the market. Wholesale prices of cucumbers, eggplant, iceberg
lettuce, peppers, squash and tomatoes have dipped sharply.

''With recent good weather and ample supplies now arriving from Florida and
Mexico, we should see lower prices in the stores.'' said Mike Pflueger, a
spokesman for the United States Department of Agriculture.

The weather in Mexico and Florida has improved and shipments from these areas
have been heavy in the last week. But poor weather in the cities has curtailed
retail sales. People have not been shopping because of snow, ice and high
prices. To entice them to buy, prices have been cut.

The embargo has been lifted on Florida citrus. Picking and packing have resumed
and prices of grapefruit, oranges, tangerines and tangelos will come down with
the resumption of normal shipments. The crop loss resulting from the freeze has
been estimated at 25 percent.

Small navel juice oranges from California are selling at 9 for 99 cents and
lemons at 10 for 99 cents.  Meanwhile strawberries from Florida, not affected by
the freeze because they are irrigated with running water, are in plentiful
supply. ''By the weekend we should see some sales at the retail level for under
$1 a pint.'' Mr. Pflueger said.

The summer fruit harvest in Chile is well under way, so prices for seedless
grapes, nectarines and plums are expected to decline.  As for local fruit, red
delicious and Macintosh apples are still available, but the quality is inferior
now that they have been in storage for several months. The best buy is Rome
apples for cooking at 49 cents a pound. Bosc pears, at 59 cents a pound, are
also best when cooked.

Green cabbage at 25 cents a pound and spinach at 89 cents a 10-ounce bag are
good buys at this time of year. Mushrooms are also reasonable and good in
quality at 99 cents a 10-ounce container. They make a delicate hors d'oeuvres or
add to a salad when sliced raw, mixed with thin slices of celery and sprinkled
with olive oil and freshly grated Parmesan cheese.

Chinese cabbage, selling for 59 cents a pound in many supermarkets, is excellent
stir-fried in peanut or vegetable oil with chopped garlic and ginger. The
cheaper cuts of beefsteak can be sliced thin and quickly stir-fried with the
cabbage. Served with rice it all makes a most economical meal. Green cabbage may
also be cooked this way.

Onions are selling at three pounds for 89 cents and Idaho potatoes for baking
are 99 cents for a five-pound bag. Turnips, at 19 cents a pound, can be mashed,
Scottish style, with potatoes and butter to make a dish p oetically named mashed
neeps. The Scottish serve it withhaggis, and i t is good with less esoteric
dishes such as roast duck, chicken, pork or ham.

Canned tuna is selling at 59 cents for a six-and-a-half-ounce can at the A.& P.
this week with a $7.50 purchase. Although more a summer dish, tuna is excellent
on pasta in winter. Cook the pasta al dente and toss it with the flaked tuna,
olive oil and chopped parsley. It needs no cheese, just salt and pepper.
Spaghetti can also be served simply with with oil and garlic. Saute chopped
garlic in olive oil, coat the cooked spaghetti with the mixture, sprinkle with
fresh chopped parsley or red pepper flakes and grate some Parmesan cheese on
top.

Dried beans are a rich protein source and a n excellent substitute for meat in
winter. It is not necessary to so ak them; put them in cold water and add salt
toward the end of coo king to keep the skins from splitting and the centers from
hardening . Salt pork, bacon or oil can be simmered with the beans to add fla
vor.

Black Beans and Ham

1 pound black beans 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped 1 clove garlic, minced 1
chili pepper, finely chopped 2 stalks celery, with leaves, chopped Herb bouquet
(parsley, bayleaf and thyme tied in a cheesecloth) 1 ham hock Freshly ground
pepper Coarse salt to taste.

1. Combine all ingredients except salt in a large kettle and simmer for 2 to 3
hours, or until the beans are tender.

2. About 15 minutes before the beans are cooked add the salt to taste.

Yield: 4 servings

NOTE: This can be served with rice garnished with sour cream and fresh parsley.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Shopper's guide table

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     April 18, 1994, Monday, METRO EDITION

Canada's farmers set for wheat war After rejection of U.S. proposal that would
limit Canada's exports

BYLINE: By Shawn McCarthy TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 672 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - Manitoba wheat farmer Brian Saunderson is tired of the American
threats.

And he's happy federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale on Friday turned down
what he saw as a bad deal being offered by the United States to avoid unilateral
action to curb Canadian wheat sales there.

"Why have an agreement to limit our exports when we've been fair traders,"
Saunderson in a telephone interview. "We have an agreement - it's called the
free trade deal."

He applauded Goodale's tough stand.

"They're ready to play hardball and so should we," he said.

But trade experts say Canadian farmers are being naive if they think a free
trade deal will protect them from politically inspired sanctions in the U.S.
market.

"There's a serious problem here," says Murray Smith, director of the Centre for
Trade Policy and Law at Carleton University.

"It's risky to be overly successful in the United States, if that success comes
because of artificial policies on either side of the border."

As the dispute in wheat heats up - official notice of action from Washington is
due Friday - other trade irritants could also boil over.

Those include:

* A threatened U.S. challenge to new Canadian tariffs designed to protect
poultry and dairy farmers. The Americans will almost certainly take to a dispute
panel the Canadian tariffs on ice cream and yogurt and may take on the entire
supply- managed sector.

* Threatened American quotas on imports of peanut butter from Canada.

* Continued U.S. appeals to dispute panel rulings that say Canada does not
subsidize softwood lumber exports.

Saunderson, vice-president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said
Canada must show some backbone in these disputes.

He farms 600 hectares (1,500 acres) near Souris, just north of the U.S. border.
He knows the American farmers resent the huge flood of Canadian grain that is
disrupting their markets. But he also blames the U.S. government for creating
the mess.

That's because Washington offers its farmers a generous Export Enhancement
Program, which subsidizes exports and encourages American farmers to sell their
grain offshore.

That, in turn, has driven up prices domestically.

The new agreement under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade requires the
Americans to reduce those export subsidies, but only gradually.

As well, the devastating flood of the Mississippi River last summer wiped out
some crops, creating a vacuum that Canadian grain producers were quick to fill.

As a result, wheat shipments into the United States have grown by 250 per cent
in the past few years, to 1.76 million tonnes last year from 561,000 tonnes in
1991.

However, total wheat exports are down over that period to 17.9 million tonnes
from 23.4 million. And Canadian officials say one big reason for the decline is
that subsidized American wheat is grabbing traditional Canadian markets.

But U.S. farmers in northern states such as Montana and North Dakota don't care
why the Canadian imports are up. They're just tired of seeing truckloads of
Canadian grain competing in their normal markets.

And they are angry at the Canadian Wheat Board, which buys Canadian grain then
sells it on world markets,

They've been pressing their representatives in Congress to get tough, and those
senators and representatives have been pressing the Clinton administration.

Canada dodged one bullet last fall when the administration resisted pressure to
take immediate action and agreed to study the issue and attempt to negotiate
some ceiling.

But those negotiations hit a brick wall last Friday, when Goodale and his U.S.
counterpart, Michael Espy, were unable to close a deal during sessions in
Marrakesh, Morocco, where they had travelled to sign a new world trade
agreement.

And now, Saunderson might get the trade war he's been bracing for.

"It may get very ugly if they don't resolve things this week," says Ottawa-based
trade consultant Peter Clark. "I understand it was a nasty, nasty meeting" on
Friday.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STAR FILE COLOR PHOTO: Ralph Goodale: Agriculture minister refused
American deal to avert threat of sanctions on wheat exports from Canada. PHOTO
(Page B2): Michael Espy CHART: (Statistics Cnada): Wheat exports to U.S. 1988-93

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 16, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NATION;
REagan Tries His Hand at Farm Politics

BYLINE: By Carlyle Douglas, Michael Wright and Caroline Rand Herron

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 503 words


That more is less for the American farmer is not a matter of aesthetics but
fact. As the United States Department of Agriculture announced last week that
production of corn, wheat and some other major crops hit record highs in 1982,
some farm prices stood at their lowest levels in a decade and net farm income
was at its lowest in 50 years.

While farmers elsewhere in the country put up sometimes violent resistance to
loan-default sales, President Reagan was in Dallas telling members of the
American Farm Bureau Federation that ''help is on the way.'' He said that he
would sign a bill limiting Presidential power to curb foreign grain sales and
that his Administration would go ahead with its ''payment-in-kind'', or PIK,
program despite a lack of Congressional approval.

The measure didn't make it through the lame duck session, but Agriculture
officials believed that they already had ''adequate legislative authority'' to
implement most aspects of the program.  However, that position could be subject
to a challenge by the farmstate legislators who beat back the PIK bill.

The grain sale policy change - export contracts calling for delivery within 270
days of the announcement of an embargo would be allowed to go through - was
welcomed. But questions remained as to just how much help PIK would provide.

Under the program, grain and cotton farmers who receive cash subsidies for
reducing their normal acreage by 20 percent to 25 percent could get an
additional subsidy in the form of stored surplus crops by reducing their
plantings further, up to 50 percent. They would be given up to 95 percent of the
crop that would have been raised on the additional acres taken out of
production.

The farmers could do as they wished with the PIK payments. But the biggest
immediate benefit would be to the Agriculture Department, whose crop storage and
support costs would be reduced by more than $1 billion in fiscal 1984, according
to Agriculture Secretary John R. Block.

The second major aim of PIK, an increase in farm prices in 1984, would depend on
widespread participation in the program. An early estimate by the Pioneer Seed
Company of Des Moines, Iowa suggested that if three-quarters of eligible corn
farmers took the maximum additional 30 percent out of production, the harvest
would still be so big that only a slight reduction in the surplus would result.
Even that might be erased if cash-strapped farmers dumped their PIK corn on the
market. And the already depressed farm supply economy might be battered further
by the ripple effects of new decreases in planting -sales of seed, fertilizer,
and some equipment would surely fall off.

Among wheat farmers PIK's propects are even more clouded. Farmers in Kansas
reported last week that their winter wheat crop looked very good, so they
probably would lose money by participating in PIK. But wheatgrowers in Oklahoma,
hit by bad weather, might gladly plow under their ailing winter crop. The
Government has given them until March 11 to decide.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 4, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

OUR TOWNS;
The Dreams From Fields Of the Past Are Saved

BYLINE: By Andrew H. Malcolm

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 803 words

DATELINE: NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J.


FOR decades, Coles Roberts and his family have been the stewards of about 300
acres of the other New Jersey, the one you don't see from the Turnpike.

Mr. Roberts grew apples. At one point he farmed a forest of apple trees, 14,000
strong and sturdy trees whose well-fed roots and well-pruned limbs produced the
blossoms that attracted the bees that pollinated the flowers that became those
little green knobs that grew into those bulging Red Delicious and Rome Beauties
that left his land by the ton to feed the fruit needs of countless consumers all
over (not to mention his homemade hot cider).

Farming is hard work, like anything worthwhile, farm fathers told their children
for generations. You take care of the soil, and the soil will take care of you;
you nurse an apple tree through a decade of infancy and adolescence, and it'll
produce for you for a third of a century.

"I love the outdoors," says Mr. Roberts, "working with my hands and machines to
help things grow and mature." But the 66-year-old Mr. Roberts isn't farming
anymore. It got too hard and too expensive. His son, Sid, chose a future in
computers, which don't make anything but don't take a decade to get going,
either. Last spring when a hard frost annihilated this year's crop, the senior
Mr. Roberts just gave up.

Now he's the curator of the two-year-old New Jersey Museum of Agriculture here,
working to preserve the state's agricultural heritage through an eclectic
collection of old farm machinery, tools, imagination and not a few scraped
knuckles. Preserving a farming heritage isn't easy either in the face of
modern-day lack of interest.

Farming is probably not the first image that springs to the minds of most
Americans when someone mentions the nation's most heavily urbanized state,
except perhaps for tank farms. But agriculture and ancillary services like grist
mills were the principal reasons why many Garden State towns grew up where they
did. (The parkway exits came later.)

This is, for instance, the 100th anniversary of the first parcel-post shipment
of baby chicks in the United States. That first batch journeyed from Frenchtown,
N.J., to Chicago in a special incubator. And while that event is obviously not
as worthy of a postage stamp as, say, the cultural contributions of Elvis
Presley, it did help inaugurate New Jersey's poultry industry. Once, New Jersey
was the nation's chicken-egg capital. Once, chickens were so important here that
they tattooed each one to combat rustling. Once, New Jersey's chickens were
cause for local pride, not chuckles. Now, the state is better known for
producing Bruce Springsteen.

That's where museums come in, as producers of perspective, institutional
reminders of what once was. New Jersey agriculture may seem invisible, but
museum visitors (Wednesdays through Sundays, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.) learn it remains
a multibillion-dollar business, especially in sod, nurseries, vegetables and
even pond fish-farming. Cranberries will remain big, too, until someone conjures
a more lucrative use for those bogs.

The museum, just off an old farm-to-market road called U.S. 1, contains two
floors of machinery, photos and hands-on exhibits that come alive when Jennifer
Martin demonstrates how brooms are made, how butter is churned or how ubiquitous
corn is, even in urban lives. Sometimes they turn on that original incubator and
hatch some eggs. There's a history of nails, a blacksmith shop, old milk wagons
and tractors.

That's Mr. Roberts's favorite part. "I love antique machinery," he says. "We
take it apart and clean it and imagine what the oldtimers were thinking when
they designed it. Then we help it run again. Their work can seem pretty
primitive, but so will ours, too, someday."

Mr. Roberts and his co-volunteers Charlie Broy and Martin Decker are
particularly excited about an old grain drill recently uncovered in Elizabeth
Blauvelt's big dairy barn up in Franklin Lakes. The machine was built when
Theodore Roosevelt was President. With new housing closing in, Mrs. Blauvelt is
selling her last 11 acres and moving to New Hampshire.

However, thanks to the perverse economics pervading so many aspects of American
life, Mr. Roberts can still work his 300 acres, in a way. He's cutting down the
remainder of the 14,000 apple trees on his Burlington County farm and turning
them into firewood for the Saturday-evening enjoyment of approaching suburbia.

Clearing the land also has the possible advantage of increasing its value for
that inevitable day when the developer's lawyer wipes his shiny shoes at the old
farmhouse door. The sales contract will no doubt include the right to scrape off
the former farm's rich topsoil for sale elsewhere. That's the usual procedure in
the continuing disassembly of country culture, in New Jersey and beyond.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Coles Roberts, left, gave up farming to be the curator of the
two-year-old New Jersey Museum of Agriculture in New Brunswick, built to
preserve the state's agricultural heritage through a collection of old farm
machinery and tools. Mr. Roberts and Charlie Broy repaired a beetle duster.
(Dith Pran/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      July 30, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

HEALTHY HARVEST AWAITS FARMERS

BYLINE: GORDON JAREMKO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1/ FRONT

LENGTH: 470 words


A fat harvest this fall awaits Alberta farmers and ranchers who survived lean,
frost-bitten 1992, say federal government food-industry forecasters.

The rural community's net income for livestock and crops could double this year
to $ 1.4 billion, Agriculture Canada said Thursday in a progress report on the
growing season.

Healthy crops are expected to make up for flat prices to match or top earnings
in 1992, when markets were stronger but freak August frosts and snowstorms
spoiled the quality of grain harvests.

The gravy comes from the thriving livestock branch of agriculture, led by
proliferating cattle herds on about 30,000 Alberta ranches, farms and feedlots.

"Things are looking good," confirmed Anne Dunford, market-analyst for Alberta
Cattle Commission, the producer-financed voice of the industry. "We've had
phenomenal cattle prices for the first half of the year. It's looking positive
for the rest."

In a prediction rated as realistic by the commission, Agriculture Canada says
Albertans will sell up to $ 2.95 billion worth of livestock this year. Alberta
Agriculture has made similar, optimistic forecasts.

Nearly 70 per cent of Alberta livestock income comes from cattle, and Dunford
reported they continue to fetch 13-per-cent higher prices than last year, even
in the traditionally slow summer season.

With a growing number of mega-feedlots fattening 40,000 to 50,000 cattle each,
Alberta production is expected to beat last year's record 1.5 million "finished"
animals ready for meat-packers.

The beef boom is credited to sales to the United States, where bad weather has
hurt the cattle industry and the low value of Canada's dollar compared to its
U.S. counterpart makes even high Alberta prices look like bargains.

Hard-luck weather in the U.S. also buoys Alberta's crop outlook. Flooding by the
Mississippi River hurts U.S. oilseed harvests and raises revenue prospects for
expanded Alberta plantings of vegetable-oil-producing canola.

While world trade fights gutted wheat prices, the value of canola rose 20 per
cent on commodity exchanges this summer. Alberta farmers, weary of the wheat
wars, expanded canola plantings 15 per cent this year to 1.34 million hectares.

The Alberta Wheat Pool says the 50,000 farmers who still own grain have a chance
to do better this year than in 1992, by harvesting big, high-quality crops.

AWP communications officer Mona Zoerb said that while wet, cool weather has
caused some deterioration of crops in 21 per cent of growing districts, the
damage is scattered and "we can still see that turning around."

She said a potentially thick, heavy crop sprouted in all the rain: "Now we need
the sun to mature it . . . we're a long way from having it in the bin at this
point, but production certainly could be good."



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                October 06, 2016

U.S Removes Fertiliser Firm From Sanctions List

LENGTH: 663 words

DATELINE: Tendai Mugabe


The US Government has removed Zimbabwe's top fertiliser manufacturing firm ZFC
and its parent company Chemplex Group from its illegal sanctions list in a move
likely to boost fertiliser production ahead of the 2016-17 farming season. The
information is on the website of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of
the Department of Treasury of the United States

The Chemplex Group falls under the Industrial Development Corporation (IDC),
which is a State enterprise and its removal from the embargoes will likely boost
its employment capacity to produce more fertiliser. Also removed from the
sanctions list is the Zimbabwe Banking Corporation, commonly known as ZB bank.

This comes as Government has intensified preparations to ensure farmers are
adequately equipped for the farming season. The recently announced Command
Agriculture programme that is targeted at producing more than two million tonnes
of maize and the Presidential Inputs Support Scheme that mainly assists
vulnerable rural and small-scale farmers, will receive a major boost.

It is projected that by October 15, 2016 most of the farming inputs under
Government's Command Agriculture project should have reached all the targeted
beneficiaries.

By last week a local seed company had already supplied 500 tonnes of maize seed,
that is ready for collection in Harare while 4 380 tonnes of ammonium nitrate
fertiliser would be available for collection in a fortnight.

A Harare-based fuel company has also confirmed the availability of 2 million
litres of fuel for the 2016-17 farming season, while 20 000 tonnes of lime have
also been secured for the same season.

Private sector players working with Government had also requested the Government
to share its full procedure for the collection of the inputs so that they can
start working with suppliers on the modalities for collection.

It is against this background that the lifting of the sanctions on the
fertiliser company, comes as a boon for farmers and the firm. Chemplex chief
executive officer Mr Misheck Kachere yesterday told The Herald that the move
would boost their operations.

He said they were also now able to recover their money amounting to $2 million
that was intercepted as a result of the sanctions. "When you are on sanctions,
you are limited in terms of doing business and this move is going to help us a
lot," he said.

"We have been operating through other means, but now I can say business has been
made easier because we can now transact with anyone across the world without
having to go through intermediaries. In terms of the forthcoming agricultural
season, I think it was going to help much if the sanctions had been lifted at
least three months ago because we would also need to do our preparations. We
hope it will help us in future but since the season runs until February next
year, I can say this will help us to make fertiliser available.

"We also have our money that was intercepted and now we can start the process of
reclaiming it." He added: "The sanctions were unjust and I think this is going
to help us to access funds from both local and international banks. Most banks
didn't want to deal with us because of the sanctions and I think more investors
are also now going to consider us for investment."

Individuals who were removed from the sanctions list include former Mashonaland
East governor Cde Aenias Chigwedere, President Mugabe's late sister Sabina, the
late former Chief Secretary to the President and Cabinet Dr Charles Utete, Mrs
Jocelyn Chiwenga, former Zanu-PF Politburo member Cde Cephas Msipa and Mrs Abina
Chapfika, among others.

The First Family, however, remain on sanctions. Government yesterday said it was
yet to be formally informed about the latest development by the US
administration.

Foreign Affairs Secretary Ambassador Joey Bimha, yesterday said: "We will be
ready to respond as soon as we are told formally. We cannot comment on something
circulating in social media which may turn out not be correct."

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 2, 2010

Historic Lewes Farmers Market awards scholarships

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 541  words


The Historic Lewes Farmers Market recently announced that five local farms and
farmers have been awarded substantial scholarships enabling them to attend the
Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture Farming for the Future
Conference, set for Thursday-Saturday, Feb. 4-6. This marks the fourth year that
The Historic Lewes Farmers Market has awarded scholarships to local farmers as
part of its mission to promote and strengthen local and sustainable farming.

Winners of this award are Bruce and Carmen Pape of Deep Grass Organic, Tim and
Aspen Bell of Community Organics, Lisa Garfield and Patrick Buckingham of
Calliope Organic Farm, Julia and Theodore Wycall of Greenbranch Farm, and
Jeffrey Martyn.

Bruce and Carmen Pape have been farming since 1979, and Deep Grass Organic has
been certified organic since 1990. They will attend this conference in order to
interact with farmers interested in their organic transplants, learn what is
new, and learn what works and what does not work in order to expand their
nursery. Their business now has more than two decades of experience as organic
growers and wholesalers in the agricultural industry.

Tim and Aspen Bell of Community Organics are committed to sustainable
agriculture and the restoration of healthy soil. They will attend the conference
in order to get ideas on how to improve efficiency and production and gather
information for weed control and goat husbandry. Community Organics is a small
farm located near Greenwood. Tim and his wife Aspen grow a wide variety of
vegetables, most of which are heirloom and open-pollinated varieties. They are
committed to organic principles and are certified naturally grown, a national
program in which member farmers hold each other accountable for the integrity of
their growing practices.

Lisa Garfield and Patrick Buckingham of Calliope Organic Farm approach
sustainable agriculture from both a practical and ideological position.

Their goal is for their farm to be as diverse as possible while improving their
soil and being stewards of their land. They are looking to the conference to
help them build skills to grow vegetables and fruits and care for their farm
animals in a holistic manner.

Julia and Ted Wycall of Green-branch Organic Farm are interested in developing a
system to integrate the growing of fruits and vegetables and livestock for a
sustainable medium-size farm.

Jeffrey Martyn is interested in raising pastured large-breasted white turkeys
and will be attending a specialized preconference track on sustainable pastured
poultry to help him understand nutrition for turkeys to work toward his goal of
raising heritage breeds for market.

The Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture is a nonprofit
organization working to improve the economic prosperity and environmental
soundness of the local food and agricultural systems.

Members work with farmers who grow food and those concerned with the ecological
well-being of the environment and natural resources.

It is one of the largest statewide, member-based sustainable farming
organizations in the United States.

The Historic Lewes Farmers Market, as part of its mission, supports this
organization and local farmers interested in attending the yearly conference.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Cape Gazette


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 1, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

COMMODITIES;
Cotton Futures Soar; Grains, Soybeans Fall

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 417 words


Cotton futures prices soared while grains and soybeans fell sharply in heavy
trading yesterday.  Analysts attributed the activity to a United States
Department of Agriculture report released late Tuesday that showed farmers
planted less cotton, but much more grain and soybean crops than anticipated.

Rick Flegenheimer, a cotton analyst in New York with Bache Halsey Stuart Shields
Inc., noted that the report, coupled with adverse weather conditions in the
Southwest, were strongly supportive for cotton.

Government figures showed cotton growers reported planting about 11.2 million
acres, 19 percent less than last year and 20 percent less than 1980.

''And those figures do not include the 1.5 million to 2 million acres lost in
west Texas because of the heavy rains there,'' Mr.  Flegenheimer said.

Cotton futures on the New York Cotton Exchange were 0.5 cent to 1.6 cents a
pound higher, with contracts for delivery in July settling at 68.90 cents a
pound.

Higher grain and soybean plantings resulted in a decline in most contracts on
the Chicago Board of Trade, said Mike Hinebaugh, a grains analyst in Chicago
with with Conticommodity Services Inc.

Wheat was 1 1/4 cents to 2 1/4 cents lower with the contract for delivery in
July settling at $3.40 a bushel; corn was 2 cents to 3 1/2 cents lower with July
at $2.65 3/4 a bushel; oats were 1 cent to 5 1/4 cents higher were with July at
$1.92 a bushel; and soybeans were 8 1/4 cents to 11 1/2 cents lower with July at
$6.10 1/4 a bushel.

Silver prices made small gains and gold prices were slightly lower on the New
York Commoditis Exchange.  Silver prices, which have been rallying this week,
met resistance near $6.20 and fell to $6.02 a troy ounce, up 19.6 cents for the
day.  Gold was 20 cents lower on all contracts, with the contract for delivery
in August settling at $317.80 a troy ounce. Copper was 0.90 cent to 1.15 cents
lower, with July at 59.35 cents a pound.

Live cattle closed 0.05 cent to 0.22 cent lower, with the contract for delivery
in August settling at 63.25 cents a pound; feeder cattle were 0.20 cent lower to
0.32 cent higher with August at 64.77 cents a pound; live hogs were 0.22 cent to
0.85 cent lower, with July at 59.17 cents a pound, and frozen pork bellies were
0.10 cent lower to 0.42 cent higher with July at 74.75 cents a pound.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 1, 1991, Friday

US OFFICIAL CITES DANGER OF FARM TRADE WARS

BYLINE: RICHARD LAWRENCE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A failed Uruguay Round trade negotiation would raise the prospect of
agricultural trade wars, an administration official warned Congress Thursday.

Suzanne Early, an assistant U.S. trade representative for agriculture, said a
failed round probably would prompt the United States to "go after" the European
Community on its basic agricultural policies, including export ubsides, and
Japan on its rice import ban.

She suggested a possible subsidy war with the EC, because it is doubtful whether
present international trade rules are strong enough in themselves to compel the
EC to stop agricultural export subsidies.

Ms. Early sounded the warning in urging congressmen to support the Uruguay
Round, under negotiation at the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade in
Geneva, and specifically a two-year extension of presidential authority, known
as fast-track, to complete the round.

Under fast-track, Congress must vote trade agreements up or down, without
amendment, within 60 or 90 legislative days. This authority, due to expire June
1, is necessary to prevent Congress from "picking apart" any Uruguay Round
agreement eventually negotiated, Ms. Early said.

Ms. Early acknowledged, however, that the round might bring mixed results for
U.S. agriculture. American grains, cotton and beet sugar farmers, she argued,
would clearly benefit if recent negotiation proposals are implemented.

But, she added, the negotiations might yield only a "net wash" for American rice
growers and beef producers. Peanut farmers and to a lesser extent dairy
producers could on the whole suffer a negative impact, she suggested.

Ms. Early's testimony before a House Agriculture Committee subcommittee on
operations, research and foreign agriculture, was both lauded and sharply
questioned by subcommittee members.

Rep. Charles Rose, D-N.C., the subcommittee chairman, said U.S. proposals at the
Uruguay Round could send the government's peanut support program ''through the
roof" and devastate farmers. Rep. Harold Volkmer, D-Mo., vowed to fight a
two-year extension of fast-track "tooth and nail."

President Bush is expected to request the extension today.

Farm group spokesmen told the subcommittee that they are split over the
presidential request. Supporting it are the American Farm Bureau Federation, the
nation's biggest farm organization, but others, including the National Farmers
Union and the National Farmers Organization, oppose it.

Others in opposition are the National Milk Producers Federation, the American
Sugarbeet Growers Association, the National Peanut Growers Group and the
National Cotton Council. They fear Uruguay Round agreements could lead to import
surges.

The request has the backing of the National Association of Wheat Growers, the
National Corn Growers Association, the American Soybean Association and the
National Cattlemen's Association, which look to expand their exports.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      March 11, 2001 Sunday, Home Edition

U.S. farmers fear outbreak

BYLINE: Rebecca McCarthy

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 508 words


Athens --- As a staff scientist at Plum Island, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's research facility off the coast of Long Island, N.Y., veterinary
pathologist Corrie Brown remembers a female veterinarian who came for a training
session on foot-and-mouth disease.

"She was from out west, and her husband was a rancher," said Brown, now a
faculty member at the University of Georgia's College of Veterinary Medicine.
"She wouldn't call him on the phone for fear of somehow spreading
foot-and-mouth. People who deal with livestock are terrified of this disease."

With good reason. Foot-and-mouth disease, which affects cloven-hoofed animals
from cows, pigs, goats and sheep to deer and bighorn sheep, is the most
contagious animal virus known, capable of devastating a country's livestock
herds if not detected and contained immediately, as the current outbreak in
Britain illustrates.

"People here in the U.S. are very jumpy," Brown said. "Very jumpy. The fact that
it happened in a country with a sophisticated veterinary infrastructure and good
border patrol is a lesson that it could happen here as well. About 99.99 percent
of all veterinarians here wouldn't recognize it."

The European Union has banned the import of British meat and animal products,
and countries are disinfecting vehicles and cars coming from England. The United
States also bans such imports.

"The biggest concern is when you're not aware that foot-and-mouth disease is
present in a country, and you continue to do business with that country," Brown
said. She went into pathology because the detective work appealed to her, and
she is fast becoming an expert in agri-terrorism. "All processed food sources
are so intertwined. The question is, what did we buy from the U.K. before we
knew the disease was there?"

The United States hasn't had an outbreak of foot-and-mouth since 1929, but with
international travel an everyday occurrence, the chances of it arriving here are
not remote. Brown estimates an outbreak would cost $200 million to clean up and
could result in trade losses of $20 billion, plunging the economy into
recession. She fears that the virus would lodge in the country's deer and
bighorn sheep populations, which would mean that the United States would never
get rid of it.

So it's no wonder that federal and state officials closely monitor incidents of
foot-and-mouth disease around the world. A 1997 outbreak in Taiwan --- of the
same O strain of the virus now afflicting Britain --- devastated its pork
industry before infecting Japan, South Korea, Russia and Mongolia. Last summer,
foot-and-mouth broke out in Uruguay, Argentina and Brazil.

Along with five UGA veterinary students and a Web designer, Brown traveled to
Brazil this month to the Rio Grande do Sul region, where the virus was first
detected in August, a month before Brazil was to have been declared free of
foot-and-mouth disease. The group returns today.

ON THE WEB: Corrie Brown's foreign animal disease case studies:
www.vet.uga.edu/vpp/fad

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           December 31, 2000, Sunday

Preservation of family farm values will be costly; The last battle?:Traditional
farming is butting heads with big business

BYLINE: PERTER SIMON

SECTION: Pg. d2

LENGTH: 1046 words


This past year, farmers in several states were forced to plow under their
sugar-beet crop because the price of sugar had fallen so low.

Of course, this is not the first time. Farmers have been destroying crops and
produce since the Great Depression.

But we have entered a new era of farming in this country: It is, perhaps, the
last battle between the family farm and the corporate farm, and the "new
economy" might prove to be the death knell for small farms.

Increased trade around the globe will not do anything to assist small farms, and
the government's continued commitment to subsidization will not come cheaply.

But therein lies the problem: Corporate farming - at least to a point - is more
efficient, but we hold dear the values associated with family farming.

The attempted preservation of the small farmer is based not on the economic
principles of profit, competition or efficiency, but on values associated with
the American Dream: A rural culture and lifestyle - owning, working and living
off the land; watching something you planted grow and earn a living; and passing
your farm on to your daughters and sons - have symbolized for generations the
"pioneer spirit" that is so integral to our national identity.

Traditional farming in this country represents not the production of food for
profit but the production of food as a way of life, and it is butting heads
against the big business of food production only for profit.

In 1910, there were more than 6 million farms in the United States. That number,
shrinking almost every year since then, stands at slightly more than 2 million
today. Today, with the rising price of energy and equipment, farmers are being
squeezed on two sides: concentrated market power from the companies that buy
their crops and concentrated market power from the companies that sell them
essential supplies. While farmers are going broke, profits for the six or seven
corporations that buy their products are soaring.

The Department of Agriculture estimates that net income for grain farmers has
plunged almost 30 percent since the mid-'90s, and the Midwest will likely lose
40,000 farmers this year.

The trend is pretty clear: Small farms - family-owned or not - will soon be a
thing of the past.

The United States. has been subsidizing agriculture for many years. A subsidy is
simply a payment of money greater than what the market will pay: and that extra
money must come from either taxpayers or a rising national debt. Subsidies
sometimes make sense, like in the case of an infant industry if the industry is
important to the future of the country and if it will only take a few years to
start turning a profit.  But indefinite subsidies to an industry plagued by
volatile prices is an ever-growing and never-ending situation because it
perpetuates a cycle.

The principles of economics are quite clear: If you guarantee to buy a product
for more than it fetches in the market, then production will continue - in fact,
it will increase. This increases the supply of the product, lowers the market
price and creates a wider gap between the market price and the subsidy. As a
result, even more taxes or more debt, or both, are required to make up the
difference.

The number of small farmers that we're trying to preserve are a legacy from the
time when the country needed that many farmers to supply food. Those times have
long since gone, yet we continue to try to maintain that many suppliers - each
of whom can grow many times what they used to and many times what can be eaten.

In 1996, the Unites States. passed the Freedom to Farm Act in an attempt to wean
farmers from government subsidies. Obviously, it didn't work. But then it
couldn't be expected to - nor should it have been. Our government has a history
of providing safety nets: unemployment insurance, bank deposit insurance,
retirement insurance, disability insurance, among others.

If preserving a way of life is important to us, then we should expect to have to
pay for it. There's no such thing as a free lunch. Incidentally, our current
subsidy program is not unlike President-elect George Bush's tax cut: 1.3
trillion dollars over 10 years, most of which will go to those who need it
least, and none to those who need it most - just another wonderful example of
"trickle-down" economics.

For example, 80 percent of farm output is produced by only 15 percent of the
farms - and they're the large commercial farms, not family farms. Only 12
percent of farms receive 90 percent of the subsidies, none of which are small
family farms.

There are other options to Freedom to Farm. One, of course, is to stay the
course and let the small family farm follow the path of most other family-owned,
small businesses.

Another, proposed by U.S. Sens. Tom Harkin and Paul Wellstone, is to raise the
level of subsidies to small farmers to give them more negotiating power with the
buyers of their products. A simple solution put forth by editorialist Dave Hage
would be to rescind the Freedom to Farm Act and create a better safety net by
capping subsidies to each farm to put an end to the subsidization of very large
farms. None of these options is cheap; the problem is making a choice.

If we as a nation want to preserve the small family farm, then we must make that
commitment. But it's a hard commitment to make because food production is a
business - a big business. It won't be easy to save food production, in the form
of family farms, from the same throes of capitalism that have driven many other
small, sometimes family-owned, businesses to near extinction: Coffee houses,
bookstores, newspapers, publishing houses, movie houses, grocery stores, shoe
repair shops, seamstress shops, five-and-dimes and hardware stores.

I remind everyone again of the words of John Maynard Keynes: "Capitalism is the
extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men for the nastiest of reasons will
somehow work toward the benefit of us all."

Simon, who chairs the Department of Economics at Loras College, has been on the
faculty for nine years. He received his doctorate from Northern Illinois
University. Simon's specialities are macroeconomics, econometrics and monetary
theory and policy. His e-mail address is psimon@loras.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000, Telegraph-Herald


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Country-of-origin meat labelling opponents file injunction

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


An organization that represents Canadian beef farmers says it is seeking an
injunction while a court in the U.S. hears its case against country-of-origin
meat labelling.

The Canadian Cattlemen's Association says it is part of a coalition that has
asked the U.S. District Court in Washington to delay the policy to be
implemented in November.

It would require labels on meat products sold in the United States to contain
detailed information about from where the products come.

The lawsuit claims that the rule would violate the U.S. Constitution and the
U.S. Agriculture Marketing Act, and is arbitrary and capricious.

The coalition that has filed the injunction argues that the policy would cause
"irreparable harm" to the U.S. meat and livestock industry and is not in the
public interest.

The labelling system increases costs and makes it more difficult for U.S.
companies to buy Canadian products.

Plaintiffs in the lawsuit also include the American Association of Meat
Processors, American Meat Institute, Canadian Pork Council, National Cattlemen's
Beef Association, National Pork Producers Council, North American Meat
Association and Southwest Meat Association.

A World Trade Organization ruling on meat labelling found the American system
discriminates against foreign livestock.

The U.S. announced earlier this year it wants to require even more detail on the
origins of beef, pork and chicken sold in grocery stores.

Labels would include such information as "born, raised and slaughtered in the
United States" for American meat. Cuts of meat from other countries could carry
labels such as "born in Canada, raised and slaughtered in the United States."

Last month, the Canadian government released a list of potential U.S.
agricultural products to which Canada could apply retaliatory tariffs. They
include cattle, pigs, beef, pork, some fruits and vegetables and chocolate.

Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said that while Canadians could see higher
prices as a result, the U.S. will lose jobs and significant revenue from the
tariffs that may result from U.S. country-of-origin labelling requirements.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sean Kilpatrick, The Canadian Press; Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz
said Canadians could see higher prices as a result of a U.S. policy requiring
detailed country-of-origin labels on meat products sold in the country.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 21, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Grain and Soybean Prices Fall On Reports of Early Planting

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 10; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 423 words


Grain and soybean futures prices fell sharply yesterday after the Government
reported that planting was proceeding at a near-record pace, bolstering farmers'
chances of producing bumper fall harvests.

In other commodity markets, copper and palladium futures rose to new highs after
Federal Reserve policy makers left United States interest rates unchanged.
Coffee futures fell sharply for a third session on increasing supplies.

Farmers, as of Sunday, had put 88 percent of the corn crop into the ground,
compared with the five-year average of 67 percent at this time of year, the
United States Department of Agriculture reported late Monday.

Farmers also had sowed 46 percent of the soybean crops -- 20 percentage points
above average, the department reported.

The earlier farmers get crops into the ground, the greater the chance of bumper
crops. In 1994, for example, there was a record corn harvest after planting was
84 percent complete in mid-May.

Wheat futures retreated sharply despite declining winter wheat conditions.
Western Kansas is expected to get rain, which could provide a late boost to the
crop shortly before harvesting begins, analysts said.

Soybeans for July delivery fell 22 cents, to $8.44 a bushel; July corn fell 8.25
cents, to $2.7625 a bushel, and July wheat fell 14.75 cents, to $3.80 a bushel.

Copper and palladium futures prices rose sharply on the New York Mercantile
Exchange after the Fed left interest rates unchanged, fueling speculation that
demand for the metals would increase as economic growth continues.

Palladium and copper, used in electronics, construction, automobiles and
computers, would benefit heavily from cheaper interest rates.

June palladium rose $3.75, to $181.75 an ounce, the highest since April 1995.
July copper was up 2 cents, to $1.178 a pound, the highest since May 16, 1996.

Coffee futures continued their retreat from 20-year highs on the Coffee, Sugar
and Cocoa Exchange in New York as supplies of arabica beans increased.

The exchange reported late Monday that inventories at its warehouses rose to
47,192 bags from 41,682 on Friday. Warehouse supplies have grown by nearly
25,000 bags since May 6.

A meeting of the Association of Coffee Producing Countries, which accounts for
80 percent of the world's production, also weighed heavily on the market.
Analysts speculated that the group would announce today that it had loosened its
self-imposed export quotas, allowing producers to sell more coffee if prices
rise above a certain level.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     February 4, 2002 Monday, Home Edition

green giant;
AN OUTCAST NO MORE, BROCCOLI SPROUTS A SAUCY NEW IMAGE AS TRENDY, NUTRITIOUS

BYLINE: ELIZABETH LEE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Features; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 743 words


These are the salad days for the vegetable everybody loves to hate.

Mention broccoli, and many adults readily show their inner child: Noses scrunch,
grimaces appear. Ewww!

In the school cafeteria, even disguised with cheese sauce, it lingers on the
steam table while all the popular vegetables get picked. It earned a
presidential veto from George Bush, and George W. Bush shuns the stalks while
eating the crowns.

Yet somewhere between the convenience packs of florets in supermarkets and the
news that broccoli contains plenty of phytochemicals that may help prevent
cancer, the vegetable started getting second looks. Consumption of fresh
broccoli rose 300 percent in the past two decades, according to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, making it one of the fastest-growing vegetable crops.
Americans used 5.6 pounds of broccoli per person in 2000, up from 1.4 pounds in
1980.

That's a lot of stir-fries and broccoli salads, but to keep things in
perspective, know that 52 percent of vegetable servings in 1999 came from five
foods: iceberg lettuce, frozen potatoes, fresh potatoes, potato chips and canned
tomatoes. (Don't get your hopes up: Nobody really considers potato chips a
vegetable, but they do count for statistical purposes as part of the potato
crop.) Head lettuce, such as iceberg, totaled nearly 25 pounds per person in
2000.

But we're using more vegetables overall --- 192 pounds per person in 1999, up
from 149 in 1980, according to the Census Bureau's recently released Statistical
Abstract of the United States.

While some of us were busy picking out bits of broccoli from our ginger chicken,
others were rushing to incorporate the vegetable wherever we could. Scattered on
pizza, sprouted on sandwiches, shouldering aside cabbage in slaw, broccoli
blossomed. It started showing up at all the in places, including the snack table
at Atlanta Lawn Tennis Association matches.

Becky Repic of Cobb County usually brings to her ALTA matches a salad: crab,
taco or broccoli. She always gets requests for the broccoli recipe, which
includes all sorts of sweet or fatty extras to make it more palatable: bacon
bits, mayonnaise, sugar, raisins and shredded cheese.

"People think they're eating healthier when they're eating broccoli salad," says
Repic, who's not convinced of that herself.

At home, she likes to steam broccoli with butter and garlic. She won't eat it
raw.

She's still working on converting her 14-year-old son.

"If I put something on it, like a cheese sauce, he can tolerate it a little more
than plain," Repic says. "I think some people don't like the texture of it. It's
kind of flowery."

The cheese trick doesn't work well at Cobb County's Mount Bethel Elementary
School, where students shun broccoli for salad on the one day a week it's
served. Teachers eat it, though, says cafeteria manager Lisa Hong.

It's a similar story at Stephenson Middle School in Lithonia. There, broccoli
stands in the middle of the pack, not as popular as corn but not as dreaded as
greens.

"They eat it OK, but they don't love to get it," says nutrition manager Desiree
Ekanemesang. "Kids have this problem with broccoli. Even in my own home, some of
my kids won't eat it."

Adults will, though. Health concerns have boosted broccoli and such vegetables
as spinach and bell peppers, especially among baby boomers. Broccoli stands out
as one of the healthiest vegetables: It's a nutritional powerhouse rich in
potassium, vitamin A and vitamin C, as well as antioxidants that may help ward
off cancer, says Kathleen Zelman of Marietta, a nutrition consultant and
spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association.

Convenience products such as cut florets and broccoli slaw have made it easier
to choose the vegetable. The same strategy has elevated carrots from 6.2 pounds
consumed per person in 1980 to 11.3 pounds in 2000, thanks to snack packs of
sticks and bags of baby carrots. Other flavorful produce crops seeing their
popularity soar include chile peppers, asparagus, tomatoes and cantaloupe.

"The range of products that we eat in vegetables has increased markedly in the
last decade," says Gary Lucier, an agricultural economist with the USDA's
Economic Research Service.

Lucier, by the way, plays on the broccoli team. A Chinese restaurant near his
office in Washington serves his favorite version.

"General Tso's chicken," he says. "You've got to have the broccoli. It really
makes it."

LOAD-DATE: February 08, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Broccoli / LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff Graphic:
POUND BY POUND
Many commerically produced fresh vegetables and melons keep growing in
popularity. Here's a look at U.S. per capita use, in pounds:
1980.....2000
Broccoli...........1.4......5.6
Cantaloupe.........5.8.....10.9
Carrots............6.2.....11.3
Cauliflower........1.1......2.0
Corn (sweet).......6.5......9.2
Head lettuce......25.6.....24.9
Bell peppers.......2.9......8.1
Onions............11.4.....18.8
Tomatoes..........12.8.....17.8
Source: Economic Research Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2014

Crop insurance deadline approaching

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 240  words


The United State Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Risk Management Agency (RMA)
reminds producers in Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wyoming that the
spring sales closing date is March 15. The spring sales closing and cancellation
date applies to spring planted crops, and is also the deadline for producers to
notify their agent if they have planted winter wheat in a county with only
spring wheat coverage.

There are also important changes for organic producers this year. The five
percent surcharge for all acreage insured under organic farming practices has
been removed and a new contract price option will be available to organic
producers who grow eligible crops under guaranteed contracts.

An organic price election is now available for oats, bringing the total number
of crops with organic price elections to sixteen. Changes to organic
transitional yields (t-yields) will be phased in so they will be more reflective
of actual organic farming experience. More information on risk management tools
available for organic farmers can be found on the RMA Organic Crops website at:
www.rma.usda.gov/news/currentissues/organics/.

Doug Hagel, Billings Regional Office Director, reminds producers to contact
their crop insurance agent for changes and insurance availability specific to
their operation. A list of crop insurance agents is available at all USDA
Service Centers or on the RMA website at: www.rma.usda.gov/tools/agents/.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2014 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 10, 2009

MN has received over $900,000 for new farmers

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 176  words


U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, today
announced that Minnesota has received $919,900 in funding for local and regional
initiatives that address the needs of new farmers in Minnesota.

"Farming has been a vital part of Minnesota's history, and this funding will
provide training and education that builds a strong foundation for the next
generation of farmers," said Klobuchar.

In Minnesota, the funding is divided between two organizations: $413,820 to the
Land Stewardship Project in Minneapolis and $506,170 to the Farmers' Legal
Action Group, Inc. in St. Paul.

The grants are being awarded through the United States Department of Agriculture
as part of the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. This program is
designed to help those who nave been farming for fewer than 10 years through
education, training, technical assistance and outreach.

Senator Klobuchar worked closely with House Agriculture Committee Chairman
Collin Peterson to pass the 2008 Farm Bill, which authorized funding for this
program.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2009 The Ortonville Independent


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday

American farmers increasingly female, ethnic

BYLINE: By Mike Swift Mercury News

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 794 words


Sherrie Kennedy, a 55-year-old former gym teacher from Gilroy, never saw herself
as a farmer. She just knew that she was good at making good things come out of
the Earth, and that people got so happy when they tasted her heirloom tomatoes.

But in the three years since she went into business selling the organic tomatoes
she grows on eight acres below Pacheco Pass, Kennedy has seen her sales mushroom
tenfold each year. Last year, boutique grocer Nob Hill Foods came calling,
selling her produce in stores in San Jose and Gilroy.

"I treat my tomatoes like a box of Whitman samplers," said Kennedy, "where you
open up that box and you say, 'I've got to have that.' "

Farmers like Kennedy may not fit the stereotype, but they are an increasingly
prominent face of agriculture in the United States, according to data from the
newly released 2007 Census of Agriculture.

While the country has added about 300,000 farms since 2002, the average farm has
gotten smaller   a trend mirrored in Santa Clara County. Meanwhile, the number
of female farmers has grown 30 percent in the past five years.

The nation's farmers are also becoming more racially and ethnically diverse,
with the number of Hispanic farmers up 10 percent in the past five years and
increases in the number of Asian and black farmers as well.

The number of farms in Santa Clara County is up 4 percent since 2002, to 1,068,
even as the average farm shrank in size, according to the new data released by
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Compared to all U.S. farms, these newer
farms   like Kennedy's   tend to have more diversified production, fewer acres,
smaller sales and younger operators, the USDA says. There is also a growing
trend of farmers who earn income working off the farm.

With the average farmer now 57.1 years old in the United States and 59.3 years
old in Santa Clara County, Kennedy is one of those on the younger side.

"I never thought I'd be doing this my whole life, but I love what I do," said
Kennedy, who has a master's degree in counseling and health from Santa Clara
University. "The ground has been good to me."

The aging of American farmers, along with Americans' changing palates, are
driving the feminization of farming.

"You're seeing women taking over as the principal operator because their spouse
has passed on," said Carol House of the National Agricultural Statistics
Service. "You also see some women coming in and doing things like raising goats
and selling organic specialty cheeses. The niche-type things   they weren't
overrun by white male operators   and there is this role there."

In Santa Clara County, despite its silicon-based business image, the new census
shows that farming remains important in what was once dubbed "The Valley of
Heart's Delight." The county ranks among America's leaders for the farming of
sweet bell peppers, sweet corn and grapes.

In the county, 10 percent of farmers are Asian, one of the largest shares in
California, though the number of Asian farmers has actually dropped in the past
five years. The history of Japanese-American farmers who grew flowers,
strawberries and produce in the valley dates back to the early 20th century.

Flower growing and farming were "ethnic niches" for those immigrants, said Alex
Yamato, chairman of the social science department at San Jose State University,
who has studied the history of Japanese-American farmers in the valley. "Those
were economic opportunities that no one else wanted, and they could go into that
without much competition," he said.

The real boom in Asian farmers is in the Central Valley, where farmers from Laos
and Vietnam have joined longer-tenured Japanese-Americans.

In Fresno County, there are now nearly 900 farms run by Asian farmers, the most
in California. The number of Asian farmers there is up 29.6 percent since 2002,
and about one in every seven farmers is Asian, the new agriculture census says.

Newly settled Asian farmers have capitalized on a hunger among Bay Area
restaurant chefs and the general public for Asian vegetables, such as Asian long
beans, said Mas Masumoto, whose Japanese-American family has been farming
southeast of Fresno for three generations.

"A lot of the Asian families, and this is pretty traditional of immigrants
generally, they fill the niches that other operators have skipped over,"
Masumoto said.

Part of the reason for the more diverse statistics, USDA officials acknowledge,
is the agency tried harder to track down smaller, immigrant-run farms for the
2007 count.

But Kennedy feels the growing prominence of female and ethnic farmers is good
for those who eat food, as well those who grow it.

"They are filtering in," she said. "It all brings a great mix into the whole
thing."

Contact Mike Swift at (408) 271-3648 or mswift@mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sherrie Kennedy, 55, a former gym teacher, has acreage at her home in
Gilroy with her husband, Mike, where they grow organic heirloom tomatoes that
they sell to Nob Hill Farms. They are getting ready to plant the seeds next
week, and will have the first crop to pick in July. Today is Thursday, Feb. 12,
2009. (Karen T. Borchers/Mercury News)
This is the inside of the little vegetable store that they open when the
tomatoes have been picked. Sherrie Kennedy, 55, a former gym teacher, has
acreage at her home in Gilroy with her husband, Mike, where they grow organic
heirloom tomatoes that they sell to Nob Hill Farms. They are getting ready to
plant the seeds next week, and will have the first crop to pick in July. Today
is Thursday, Feb. 12, 2009. (Karen T. Borchers/Mercury News)
Sherrie Kennedy, 55, a former gym teacher, has acreage at her home in Gilroy
with her husband, Mike, where they grow organic heirloom tomatoes that they sell
to Nob Hill Farms. They are getting ready to plant the seeds next week, and will
have the first crop to pick in July. Today is Thursday, Feb. 12, 2009. (Karen T.
Borchers/Mercury News)
This is the outside of her tomato stand that operates after the tomatoes have
been picked. Sherrie Kennedy, 55, a former gym teacher, has acreage at her home
in Gilroy with her husband, Mike, where they grow organic heirloom tomatoes that
they sell to Nob Hill Farms. They are getting ready to plant the seeds next
week, and will have the first crop to pick in July. Today is Thursday, Feb. 12,
2009. (Karen T. Borchers/Mercury News)
This is the outside of her tomato stand that operates after the tomatoes have
been picked. Sherrie Kennedy, 55, a former gym teacher, has acreage at her home
in Gilroy with her husband, Mike, where they grow organic heirloom tomatoes that
they sell to Nob Hill Farms. They are getting ready to plant the seeds next
week, and will have the first crop to pick in July. Today is Thursday, Feb. 12,
2009. (Karen T. Borchers/Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 9, 1989

Organic farming gets boost in US

BYLINE: By MARTIN WALKER in Washington

LENGTH: 530 words


THE ecological revolution has reached the United States government's farm
support programme: a report from the National Academy of Sciences shows that
chemical fertilisers and insecticides do not necessarily result in better crop
yields than organic methods.

The report is an endorsement of the high productivity of organic farming and it
was greeted enthusiastically yesterday by the US Department of Agriculture, long
the bastion of a crops-at-any-price policy.


Previously sceptical of the claims of the organic farming lobby, an agriculture
department official, Dr Charles Hess, yesterday said there had been a strategic
shift.

The department would seek to 'put US farming on an eco-sensitive basis within
the life of the Bush Administration', he said.

'Our goal is to develop techniques to maintain high agricultural output, without
damaging the environment,' Dr Hess added, noting that much of the original doubt
about organic farming had been based on fears that it would cut farm produce and
send food prices soaring.

The findings of the report would influence the US government's Dollars 14
billion farm subsidy programme, Dr Hess said.

The subsidy structure has actively discouraged farmers from rotating their
crops, because it cuts the nominal acreage devoted to particular products on
which the subsidies are calculated.

The agriculture department has already broken the link between crop yields and
price support, which encouraged US farmers to grow crops for which there was no
market. A similar system has produced European Community food mountains.

'Well-managed alternative farms use less synthetic chemicals, fertilisers,
pesticides and antibiotics, without necessarily decreasing - and in some cases
increasing - per-acre crop yields and the productivity of livestock systems,'
the report says.

'Wider adoption of proven alternative systems would result in ever greater
economic benefits to farmers and environmental gains for the nations.'

Fewer than 5 per cent of America's 2.1 million farmers use organic methods, the
agriculture department estimates, but they are being urged to consider the
potential savings in production costs - through not buying chemicals - as well
as the environmental benefits.

The report, Alternative Agriculture, which was funded in part by the Kellogg
Foundation, argues that organic methods can reduce pollution in two ways: they
cut the pollution of ground water through the run-off of chemical fertilisers
and avoid insecticides.

Organic farming is a misleadingly simple word for a complex process, the report
points out, which includes crop rotation, careful soil analysis, and the planned
interaction of crops and livestock.

It requires greater management skills, longer working hours and more varied work
from the farmers. The report says it is not clear whether America's farmers have
the skills, patience or inclination to change their ways.

Those reluctant to change will find a powerful ally in the Fertiliser Institute,
voice of the Dollars 8 billion-a-year industry, which condemned the report
yesterday as 'an insult to American agriculture and to the consumer'.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 28, 2014

Historic Lewes Farmers Market awards eight scholarships to local farmers

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 286  words


The Historic Lewes Farmers Market announces that it has awarded eight
scholarships to Delmarva farmers. This year, HLFM received more applications
than ever before from farmers dedicated to sustainable farming methods hoping
for these important scholarships. Each scholarship provides $500 to enable these
farmers to attend conferences devoted to sustainable agriculture.

The HLFM provides these scholarships, as it has for the past seven years, to
further its mission of promoting and strengthening sustainable farming through
education and public outreach. Recognizing the importance of sustainable
agriculture to the community, individual donors have again generously stepped
forward to contribute to the HLFM scholarship fund.

-Seven recipients will attend the PASA Pennsylvania Farming for the Future
Conference Feb. 5-8 in State College, Pa. Beginning in 2011, and thanks in small
part to the HLFM, PASA began a discussion group for Delmarva and now includes a
Delmarva Region.

Another scholarship recipient will attend the Mid-Atlantic Fruit and Vegetable
Convention in Hershey, Pa, Jan. 28-30. The National Peach Council, of special
relevance to scholarship recipient Bennett Orchards, will meet at the convention
for its annual meeting as well.

The 2014 recipients of the HLFM scholarships are The Bennett family, Bennett
Orchards; Helen Waite, Black Hog Farmstead; Lisa Garfield, Calliope Farm;
Elizabeth Thornton, Chesapeake Organic; Lauren Schaefer, The Delaware Center for
Horticulture's 12th & Brandywine Urban Farm; Christie McDowell, The Good Farm;
Larry Armstrong, Heritage Oak Farm, and Cynthia Turner, Wisteria Lane Farm. More
information is available at www.historiclewesfarmersmarket.org and on Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    August 11, 1987, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Free trade would slash Ontario farm income, study says

BYLINE: By Alan Christie Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 696 words


   The list of losers will be long under a free trade deal between Canada and
the United States, and one of the hardest hit would be Ontario's agricultural
sector, two government studies show.

A study by the federal government's Department of Regional and Industrial
Expansion, obtained by The Star, assesses the impact of free trade on each of
the 10 provinces.

For Ontario, sectors that "could see employment losses include textiles, wine,
beer, household furniture, toys and games, motion pictures, sound recordings,
publishing, converted paper products, converted wood products, petrochemicals,
toilet preparations, automotive tires, automotive parts, major appliances,
construction and materials, industrial electrical equipment and electrical
wire," the study says. $

500 million

And another study, by Ontario's agriculture ministry and released yesterday,
suggests that, under a "worst-case scenario," farm cash receipts would decline
by 50 per cent, to about $500 million annually from $1 billion (based on 1985
prices).

Premier David Peterson relied on both studies when he outlined his conditions
and concerns about the free trade deal in a campaign speech in Windsor
yesterday.

Peterson is to meet with Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and the other provincial
premiers in Ottawa on Sept. 8 to discuss the deal, two days before the Ontario
election.

Peterson said the federal study suggests that many U.S. companies are likely to
close their plants in Ontario.

"Southwestern Ontario will face the greatest negative impact as a result of free
trade," he said, quoting from the study.

Eastern and rural Central Ontario could also face serious job losses, he said.

The study also lists sectors in Ontario that "could see increased employment or
profits."

Net impact

They are "non-rubber footwear, urban and inter-city buses, computer and office
equipment, some distilling, environmental equipment and instrumentation."

But the study also concluded that "the net impact of regional changes is
difficult to estimate, as significant employment gains in a few sectors may
outweigh employment losses in a greater number of sectors.

"Regardless, labor may not possess the job skills to allow full mobility between
'losing' and 'winning' sectors within a region," the study concluded.

The Ontario report said farm cash receipts would decline by:

* $170 million for dairy farmers.

* $127 million for poultry and egg farmers.

* $41 million by fruit and vegetable growers.

* $24 million by grain and oilseed producers.

"The decline in farm cash receipts, combined with the loss of direct government
payments to farmers (a condition the Americans are demanding) would have caused
net farm income to decline by 50 per cent in 1985."

Brigid Pyke, president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture, said in an
interview yesterday that free trade, which would mean elimination of all tariffs
at the border, would lead to an annual loss to Canada's agricultural industry of
$800 million, with 46 per cent of that in Ontario.

Dollar figure

But she said it's difficult to put a dollar figure on the impact because it is
like "the cost of clearing up after a nuclear attack."

Pyke and Peterson said the small family farm could be endangered under a free
trade deal.

Pyke said small chicken and egg producers would be forced to compete against
giant farms in the United States that "can loss lead (with lower prices) for 10
years and are just one off-shoot of a corporate giant."

Two or three such operations could supply all of Canada, she said.

Pyke said her association has invited Peterson, Progressive Conservative leader
Larry Grossman and New Democrat leader Bob Rae to discuss the issue at its
annual meeting Aug. 19 in Toronto.

Most at risk, said Bob Seguin, an analyst in the agriculture ministry, would be
fruit and vegetable producers, who do not have marketing boards to protect them.

'Not real life'

But the scenario designed by the ministry that suggests a 50 per cent decline in
farm income - and used by Peterson in his Windsor speech - is "not real life,"
Seguin said.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          December 10, 2003, Wednesday

FARMING BRIEFS

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 259 words


o IT is now almost one year to the day since the Department for Environment,
Food and Rural Affairs published the European Commission's interpretative note
on the impacts of the Thomsen case on Non-Producing Quote Holders (NPQHs) and,
since that date, 1,718.7 billion litres have been permanently transferred.

o FOR those producers in England who are not locked into long-term feed
contracts, recent feed price rises, which work out at more than 40 per cent,
could be the final nail in their coffins unless finished pig returns lift
significantly early in 2004.

o THE United States would continue to work with the World Organization for
Animal Health to ensure that there was a consistent international response to
potential future cases of BSE, Agriculture Secretary, Ann M Veneman, has said.

o NATIONAL Chip Week takes place from February 16-22, 2004.

o AGRICULTURE and Agri-Food Minister, Lyle Vanclief, has announced the formation
of the Canadian Agricultural Policy Research Institute, a new arm's length
organization that will advise government and participate as an independent voice
in the ongoing policy debate.

o AS British pig producers face a health crisis on their units, the specialist
pig vets they rely on to help them through their difficulties are facing a
crisis of their own. They are getting older, their number is shrinking and they
are under pressure in their own practices to generate the same returns as their
'companion animal' colleagues, according to Pig Veterinary Society president,
David Chennells.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday

Signs point to another profitable year for farming

BYLINE: Tyrel Linkhorn, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


March 25--Success one year in the fields never assures success in the next, but
over the last half-decade farm profits have been riding high.

"The last five or six years, I don't think there is any industry that has had as
good of a run as crop agricultural," said Matt Roberts, an agricultural
economist at Ohio State University.

Yields have been good, commodity prices have been up, and demand has been strong
both in the United States and abroad.

According to the United States Department of Agriculture, net farm income
reached $98.1 billion last year, up 24 percent from 2010 and 36 percent from the
10-year average.

Experts say this year isn't likely to generate quite the same returns, but 2012
is still shaping up to be another profitable year.

"I don't think we are going to have a record year as we did last year or over
the past couple years. However, it still looks like it should be a very
profitable year," Mr. Roberts said. "A lot of it has to do with yield, how many
bushels are actually produced."

Though agricultural economists say demand has leveled somewhat, it remains
strong both domestically and internationally.

A concern for farmers is that more demand will bring more production, which will
lower prices. Part of the reason they were so high last year was the poor
growing conditions in some parts of the country.

"The problem is the grain markets are starting to soften up some because they're
anticipating a lot of acres to be planted of corn and soybeans. The markets are
starting to reflect that," said Clyde-area farmer Bill Frankart. He said market
price for corn is about $1.50 less per bushel now than it was at the same point
last year.

Though Mr. Frankart says it's too early for him to think about planting, the
warm temperatures are helping him catch up after last year's harvest was
seriously delayed by weather.

"We have a lot of things to do we didn't get done this fall," he said. "We have
fertilizer to put on yet and we still have spraying to do. We've got a lot of
those jobs that are getting close to being ready."

Barry Ward, an agricultural economist at Ohio State, said many farmers are in
the same situation. Crops are expected to get in ahead of schedule, and Mr. Ward
said that could help push up production.

Mr. Ward said fertilizer costs dropped a bit in the fall when demand shrank
because of lower than normal application. Prices have come back up and likely
will continue inching higher, but he said most farmers shouldn't expect to pay
much more than last year.

"We don't expect to see anything too drastic, primarily because of improved
supply," Mr. Ward said.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120325-TO-Signs-point-to-another-profitable-year-for-farming
-0325-20120325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 12, 1980 Thursday

U.S. wheat forecast increases

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 272 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON DC


WASHINGTON (DJ) - The U.S. Agriculture Department has raised its forecast
 of U.S. winter wheat production to a record 1.76 billion bushels from the
 1.71 billion estimated last month.

The prospect of so large a wheat crop, following a slump in grain
 prices after the embargo on grain sales to the Soviet Union will likely
 put more pressure on the Carter Administration to pump extra funds into
 the financially ailing farm belt.

The department also forecast U.S. orange production at 271 million
 boxes, up from its previous estimates of 268 million. It also slightly
 raised its estimate of juice yield per box to 1.33 gallons from 1.32.

Meanwhile in a report on world crop production in the current marketing
 year, the department slightly lowered its estimate of oilseed production
 by one million tons to 177 million, mainly reflecting soured prospects for
 soybean production in Brazil and Argentina.

The department's forecast of total oilseed and grain production world-
 wide in the coming market year was virtually unchanged from its previous
 estimates.

The department forecast Soviet grain production at 190 million to 220
 million metric tons. Last month, the estimate was 190 million to 230
 million tons. The lower forecast reflects surplus moisture and the
 lateness of the crop, the department said.

This makes it more likely the Soviet Union will want the eight million  metric
tons of grain which the United States has said it will make  available in the
year starting Oct. 1. Previously, Agriculture Secretary  Bob Bergland had said
the Soviets would "badly need U.S. grain, provided  their own crop does not
exceed 225 million tons."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 13, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

MANY FARM CHILDREN ARE PREPARING FOR CAREERS OFF THEIR FAMILIES' LAND

BYLINE: By WILLIAM ROBBINS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1216 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 12


Like many farm children, Jay Oltjen once dreamed of a career on the land his
family farms near Hiawatha, in northeastern Kansas not far from the Nebraska
border.

Like many of them, however, he has abandoned that dream in the face of the
unrelenting financial crisis plaguing the nation's farms.

''He's seen how tough it is around here,'' said his mother, Katherine. ''He's
already seen a lot of our neighbors lose their land.''

Jay is enrolled at Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kan., one of the
country's leading agricultural colleges. But he is studying dentistry, not
farming. ''I want to be sure of a steady and secure income,'' he says.

Largely because of the deepening financial problems among farmers, many rural
youths are making similar decisions. A declining number of young people now
attend agricultural colleges, and fewer of those who do plan to return to the
land after graduation. As a result of these trends, teachers of agriculture
foresee a generation with fewer farmers to fill agriculture's wide array of
business and scientific needs.

'Nobody Left at Home'

''It scares me when I think about what's going to happen in farming,'' said
Gregory Johnston, who teaches agriculture at Hutchinson Community College in
south central Kansas. ''Right around here there's a tremendous number of older
people farming with nobody left at home to turn it over to.''

Gene Love, Pennsylvania State University's associate dean of residential
instruction, said the decline in enrollment at agricultural colleges ''is really
going to cause problems in the research laboratories and industry.''

Although the numbers of agricultural students at smaller colleges has remained
relatively stable, total undergraduate enrollment at agricultural colleges of 77
large universities fell by 18 percent, from 98,469 to 80,991, in the period 1981
to 1984, according to a recent report by a study group headed by David Mugler,
associate dean of agriculture at Kansas State. Enrollments in two-year
agricultural programs offered by big universities have declined by about 50
percent in the same period, from 6,524 to 3,280.

Those developments, educators and administrators in agriculture say, underscore
a warning issued two years ago by a study group of the National Association of
State Universities and Land-Grant Colleges, the major institutions offering
agricultural courses.

Shortage of Specialists Seen

''The United States cannot continue as the lead nation in agriculture without
new efforts for the development of its human capital,'' the group said.
''American agriculture is seriously threatened by deepening shortages of highly
qualified scientists, managers and technical professionals.''

Mr. Mugler and others said that declining interest in agricultural studies would
make it difficult to replace professors and administrators, many of whom were
educated under veterans' programs after World War II and are approaching
retirement. In addition, the 1982 study by the land-grant college association
cited a 13 percent shortage of college graduates in agriculture for jobs in such
fields as agricultural engineering, management, extension services and plant and
animal research.

Meanwhile, Census Bureau figures reflect the beginning of a decline in the
number of young people who remain in farming. The number of farmers under 35
years old rose steadily from about 275,000 in 1970 to 458,000 in 1982 and then
started dropping. By the end of 1984 the total was 421,000.

''Around here you can count the young farmers on three fingers,'' said Wesley
Beal, a 22-year-old graduate of Kansas State, as he paused outside a lot near
Mount Hope in south central Kansas where he and his father fatten thousands of
sheep. ''In this community, there are three farmers under 30, and I am one of
them.''

One Professor's Poll

''From everything we hear, it seems that the younger farmers are the ones who
have been hit hardest,'' said Calvin Beale, who heads the population section of
the Agriculture Department's Economic Research Service in Washington.

Among agricultural graduates of 14 institutions in the large north-central
region of the National Association of State Universities and Land-Grant
Colleges, for example, nearly 14 percent returned to farming in 1977. By 1984
the rate was 10 percent.

One of those who has seen some of the clearest evidence of that trend is Barry
Flinchbaugh, professor of agricultural economics at Kansas State.

Each year, Mr. Flinchbaugh said, he asks how many of his students plan to farm.
Over the years, he said, the number has declined. Last year only about 10 of 105
raised their hands.

But even that number is ''still too many,'' he asserted, adding, ''The only
sensible way to get farmers' income up is to reduce the number of farmers.''

Meanwhile, some experts say fewer young people who decide to remain in farming
are obtaining college training.

Decline in High School Graduates

''I get out into the country, and what I hear concerns me,'' said James
Oblinger, associate dean of agriculture at the University of Missouri. ''They
say, 'Shoot, I don't need college - I'm just going back into farming.' As
competitive as farming is now, they need every edge they can get. And I don't
see how that can help but affect the efficiency of agriculture.''

The educators say there are complex reasons for the enrollment decline in
addition to financial problems. Most cite a shrinking pool of high school
graduates, a population trend that was first reflected in national averages in
1982 but began earlier in some of the states where agricultural students are
most numerous.

Meanwhile, however, school administrators say, the decline in enrollment is
increasing competition among businesses and research establishments for
graduates with college training in agriculture.

Evidence of a national trend away from the land was clear here in southeastern
Kansas, where many high school graduates who once hoped to stay on the land and
who remain emotionally attached to farming are seeking farm-related careers. And
like many others, often for financial reasons, they had decided to begin their
higher education at a two-year school, in their case at Hutchinson Community
College.

Susan Seiler, for example, plans to work for the Agricultural Extension Service
as an adviser to farmers when she graduates. She would prefer to farm, she said
recently as she prepared a Holstein cow for a livestock show.

''But I'm afraid I'd go broke,'' she said.

'He's Seen Enough'

Another was John Colle, 19, a sophomore at Hutchinson.

''I try not to think about farming now,'' he said as he and his father, Loren,
worked to repair a giant combine. ''It's too depressing. It seems like the most
successful farmers now are the ones who are just breaking even. And the only
people making it are the ones with jobs in town.''

''I think maybe I'd threaten him a little if he showed no better sense than to
come back,'' Loren Colle said. ''He's seen enough to know what it's like here.
We're selling wheat and corn for less than it costs to grow it. Now we're going
through a bad time with the cattle, too. And he knows what it would be like here
if his mother wasn't teaching school. Without that, I don't know how we'd make
it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Darrin Unruh and Gregory Johnston (NYT/David Hutson)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 9, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

IDEAS AND TRENDS;
by Tom Ferrell and Margot Slade;
Deep Dip in the World's Granaries

SECTION: Section 4; Page 8, Column 2; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 263 words


The grain-importing nations of the world, and especially the poor ones, had
better pray for good weather in the Northern Hemisphere. In its latest forecast
of world grain supply and demand, the Department of Agriculture has estimated
that next June, when the 1981 wheat harvest in the north begins, the world's
reserves of wheat, corn, soybeans and rice will be 155.2 million metric tons,
the lowest since the summer of 1975 - the year when grain prices rose to record
levels and President Ford embargoed the export of corn. Low reserves are
anticipated, despite record-breaking wheat crops in the United States, because
American corn and soybean crops have been below normal and wheat crops have
fallen short in the Soviet Union and other Eastern European countries. Short
wheat crops are also now expected in Australia and Argentina.

The department's estimate for 1980-81 puts the world's entire grain crop at 1.4
billion tons, a figure that does not reflect the recent Russian hints at an
unsatisfactory harvest. That is enough to feed everyone on earth for the time
being, though prices are bound to soar, and are already doing so; countries that
are buying grain now will have to pay from 20 to 30 percent more than they did
last year, in addition to higher shipping costs. A second straight year of
poorto-middling crops in many countries, according to Fred Sanderson, an
agricultural specialist with the Brookings Institution, could mean ''disaster
for a lot of the world's people.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 17, 2009 Friday

As bison meat demand goes up, S.D. plays major role in production

BYLINE: Austin Kaus, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Apr. 17--FULTON -- In the 47 years that Ralph Mahoney has raised bison outside
of Fulton, he's seen the industry go through its fair share of bad times.

"Years ago, you couldn't hardly give them away," Mahoney said. "The hobby people
pretty much panicked and got out and quite a few of us just stayed here and
weathered the storm."

Now, Mahoney said the demand for bison meat far outweighs the supply, and
recently released numbers from the United States Department of Agriculture show
that South Dakota is playing a leading role in bison production.

The 2008 numbers show South Dakota as the top producer of bison in the nation
with an inventory of 38,700. That's more than double the bison inventory of
Nebraska, the second highest producer of bison, with 17,900. North Dakota,
Colorado and Montana were next in line with inventories of 15,900, 15,500 and
14,600, respectively.

South Dakota also was the top producer of bison in 2004, when the state had an
inventory of 40,200 head. The numbers are not compiled annually.

In the past decade, Mahoney said that breeding has advanced to add 100 pounds to
bison. The average weight of a bull on Mahoney's ranch is 1,200 pounds, while
heifers average 1,000 pounds.

"We kind of have them peaked now," Mahoney said.

As society becomes more health-conscious, Mahoney said the demand for bison
meat, which is low in cholesterol and fat, should increase.

South Dakota also ranked high in other categories of the USDA's Census of
Agriculture. Following are South Dakota's national rankings.

--Second: Alfalfa hay production (5.5 million tons), flaxseed production (84,000
bushels), honey production (21.375 million pounds), lambs born (265,000 head)
and sunflower seed production (1,049.3 million pounds).

--Third: All wheat production (172.5 million bushels), oat production (8.8
million bushels), other spring wheat production (68.4 million bushels), proso
millet production (3 million bushels) and winter wheat production (104 million
bushels).

--Fourth: All hay production (7.8 million tons).

--Fifth: All sheep and lambs (305,000 head), beef cows that have calved (1.616
million head) and land in farms and ranches (43.7 million acres).

--Sixth: Calves born (1.65 million head), corn for grain production (585.2
million bushels), durum wheat production (0.2 million bushels), heifers 500
pounds and over (905,000 head) and market sheep and lambs (60,000 head).

--Seventh: Cattle and calves on feed, all feedlots (390,000) and steers 500
pounds and over (685,000).

--Eighth: All cattle and calves (3.7 million head), harvested acreage, principal
crops (17 million acres) and soybean production (138 million bushels).

--Ninth: Pigs born (3.297 million head) and sorghum for grain production (7.4
million bushels).

--Tenth: All other hay production (2.3 million tons).

To see more of The Daily Republic, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mitchellrepublic.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Republic,
Mitchell, S.D. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090417-JQ-As-bison-meat-demand-goes-up-S-D-plays-major-role-in-production-0417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 23, 1989, Monday

SOVIETS SEEN BUYING US GRAIN TO INCREASE ITS MEAT PRODUCTION

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 459 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Moscow's longstanding commitment to put more meat on family tables is the
compelling reason behind the Soviet Union's huge orders of U.S. corn, says one
of the U.S. Department of Agriculture Department's top Kremlin watchers.

''The No. 1 factor is that the Soviets need to increase the output of livestock
products. That is, meat. They can't do it alone, they've got to import (feed
grains)," said Christian Foster of the department's Economic Research Service.
"Then, it's the other factors that determine where they're oing to import it
from."

During the fiscal year ended Sept. 30, the Soviet Union bought a record 21.7
million metric tons of U.S. grain with an estimated value of almost $ 3 billion.
That included a record 16.3 million tons of corn and about 5.4 million tons of
wheat.

Since Oct. 1, the Soviets have bought more than 5 million tons of corn,
including 1.2 million tons announced Thursday, plus some soybeans and soymeal.

Mr. Foster lists four "other factors"' that also are influencing Moscow's
decision to buy grain from the United States.

These include a reduced Soviet harvest of "coarse" grains like corn and barley
in 1988, along with smaller forage crops. Also, world supplies of coarse grains
were tight because of last year's drought, and prices favored corn over wheat
and barley.

Mr. Foster also cites "improved political ties" between Moscow and the United
States under Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev.

But Mr. Foster said Thursday in a telephone interview that the improved
political climate ranks "quite small relative to the other factors" that led
Moscow to buy so much U.S. grain.

Economics are important, too, he said. But the Soviets opted for U.S. corn, with
prices competitive with barley from Canada and the European Community.
Additionally, in fiscal 1989, Moscow bought a significant amount of U.S. sorghum
for the first time, another important livestock feed grain.

Overall, he said, the U.S. share of the total coarse grain market rose to about
70 percent last fiscal year from around 50 percent in 1988. Mostly, that was at
the expense of the 12-nation EC, which is geographically much closer to the huge
Soviet market.

"If they're buying grain, economically there must be more reasons (than price),"
Mr. Foster said. "You would think the (EC) would be cheaper because of
logistics."

Many U.S. export advocates, including recent secretaries of agriculture, have
touted the giant output potential of the U.S. grain farmer and the reliability
of the United States as a supplier.

Experts have noted for years that the longstanding commitment by Moscow leaders
to boost the livestock sector has been the underlying reason for importing grain
to make up harvest shortfalls.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Brownback signs food safety pact in trip to China

BYLINE: Andy Marso.

andy.marso@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 330 words


Gov. Sam Brownback's trip to China last week yielded an agreement to work with a
Chinese province on food safety projects.

According to a news release, Brownback and the governor of Henan province signed
a memo of understanding to partner on "modern agriculture and food safety"
initiatives.

The memo reportedly includes an intent to "work on projects related to
agriculture, food safety and bioscience encompassing commercialization,
education, extension, research and investment."

Brownback, Agriculture Secretary Dale Rodman and Commerce Secretary Pat George
also spent two days in Beijing meeting with national Chinese officials,
including the country's Minister of Agriculture, Han Changfu.

"Kansas is a recognized and trusted leader in agriculture in the United States,
and with or without this trip, that is a role I am confident would continue
domestically," Brownback said. "But the reality is we live in a global
marketplace. In order for Kansas to be competitive today and in the future in
the global economy, we must develop strategic relationships with key trading
partners, including China."

Brownback's office reports that he also met with private industry leaders,
including the head of the Wanda Group, which purchased AMC Theatres, the
headquarters of which is now located in Leawood. He also met with officials from
COFCO, China's largest food processor, manufacturer and trader.

The trip was paid for in part by the State Trade and Export Promotion program,
which is funded by the U.S. Small Business Administration.

Brownback called the memo of understanding with Henan a "major step forward in
solidifying that partnership and opening the doors to economic growth."

"This is the beginning of a long-term process for Kansas and Henan to work
together on initiatives that benefit both Kansas and Henan," Brownback said.
"Additionally, this MOU sets a precedent for the type of strategic relationships
we must look to develop with other trading partners around the globe."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 31, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A French Roadblock to Free Trade

SECTION: Section 4; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 763 words


French farmers and government officials are fond of saying that the word
"culture" is contained within the term "agriculture" for a reason. Farming is a
way of life, the French argue, which governments are entitled to protect from
the impact of "mindless trade liberalization" in a way that they ought not
protect, say, refrigerator manufacturers. The French have a strong attachment to
the ideal of the bucolic countryside, and a change in agricultural policy can be
blown up into a threat to national identity.

Those attitudes are important because they make France the leading supporter of
the European Union's costly protectionist agricultural policy, and the major
opponent of any serious change. That intransigence hurts developing countries,
where farmers often find themselves competing with the artificially low prices
of subsidized European produce that gets dumped on the international market.

As members of the World Trade Organization meet in Cancun, Mexico, next month,
they'll be trying to overcome French protectionism that threatens to stall
momentum toward expanding global trade. Great Britain, the Netherlands and some
Scandinavian countries tend to be more open to change -- something that is not
surprising because they pay in more to the European farm support system than
they take out. (American trade negotiators support reducing subsidies and trade
barriers on agriculture -- though their sentiments are not always shared by the
farm lobby in Congress.)

Europe's protectionism stems from the Continent's political determination to
sustain agriculture even when it makes little economic sense. European farms
are, on average, far smaller than those in the United States -- the European
Union has more than three times as many farms even though it has only about
one-third as much cultivated farmland. The idea of bigger farms frightens the
French, just like the idea of depopulated farming communities. But it is
possible to advance some of the more sensible goals of Europe's agriculture
policy, like land conservation and environmentalism, without losing touch with
reality. Europe loses about 3 percent of its farming population a year, and more
consolidation, in the form of larger-scale farming and an abandonment of
absurdly inefficient production, is inevitable. And while there is no question
that Europe has a right, even an obligation, to spend money on rural development
and the protection of open space, it is not sensible to believe that every
village that was inhabited in Charlemagne's day must be sustained. Moreover,
Europe's common agricultural policy in its present form does not always advance
the humble family farmers often pointed to in its defense. Larger corporate
agricultural interests get a disproportionate share of farm aid, giving
Europeans who pay for the subsidies the worst of both worlds. And the current
subsidies actually often hurt the environment by promoting overproduction.

A sensible compromise would provide government support for farmers who protect
land from development and maintain high environmental standards. But it would
not pay farmers to grow crops they couldn't sell under normal circumstances and
dump the result on the global market, driving prices down too low for poor
countries to make a profit on their own exports. The European Commission
recently moved in that direction. It proposed reforms to the common agricultural
policy that would stop linking farmers' subsidies to the amount they produce.
But farmers across Europe hated the idea. "We don't want to get checks simply
because we live somewhere remote and are nice people," said Franz-Josef Feiter,
who heads the Committee of Agricultural Organizations in the European Union, the
main farm lobby in Brussels. "Ours are industrialized societies with high wages
and we must assure similarly good wages for our farmers."

France led the fight against the commission's reform and, with the help of
German allies, was able to water down the final deal announced in June. Now, on
the eve of the W.T.O. gathering in Cancun, European and American trade officials
are negotiating the details of a common approach to reducing their harmful
restraints to trade in farm goods. If this effort is to succeed, France must
come to terms with the fact that at the very least, the time has come to
renounce the dumping of any subsidized farm products on world markets, and to
open its domestic market to imports from poor nations, free of any tariffs or
quotas.

Harvesting Poverty: Editorials in this series remain online at
nytimes.com/harvestingpoverty.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: HARVESTING POVERTY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1998 Drake University
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Winter, 1998

                            3 Drake J. Agric. L. 423

LENGTH: 4325 words

ARTICLE: THE ROLE OF LAW IN PROMOTING SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURE: REFLECTIONS ON
TEN YEARS OF EXPERIENCE IN THE UNITED STATES


NAME: Neil D. Hamilton*

BIO:



   *Neil D. Hamilton is the Ellis and Nelle Levitt Distinguished Professor of
Law an Director, Agricultural Law Center, Drake University Law School, Des
Moines, Iowa, USA. This essay is based on a presentation given at the Union
Mondiale des Agraristes Universitaires (the All World Union of Agricultural Law
Professors) (UMAU) 5th World Congress on Agrarian Law held May 19-21, 1998 in
Porto Alegre, Brazil.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... For the last ten years, I have had the opportunity to be directly involved
in efforts to promote "sustainable agriculture" in the United States. Since
1987, I have served on the Advisory Board for the Leopold Center for Sustainable
Agriculture located at Iowa State University, one of the leading land grant
agricultural research institutions in the United States. ... Sustainable
agriculture is defined in various ways, but in its simplest form, it means
developing agricultural practices which protect the environment while preserving
the economic profitability of farmers. ...  One of the key challenges in
developing a more sustainable agriculture is for agricultural lawyers and
policymakers to identify and work to reduce the impact these legal and
institutional barriers may present. ...  While most work in sustainable
agriculture has been agronomic, it is important to recognize the important link
between the economic and social structure of agriculture and developing
sustainable agricultural systems. ...  Perhaps the most significant obstacle to
including questions of structure and social policy in sustainable agriculture
research is that it is impossible to address the issue without encountering
difficult "political" issues that are controversial in the agricultural
community. ... Eighth, using the food system concept is one way to make
"sustainable agriculture" important to consumers. ... Let me conclude by
summarizing several of the important opportunities that exist for agricultural
lawyers and policymakers to promote sustainable agriculture. ...

TEXT:
 [*423]

   I. Introduction


   For the last ten years, I have had the opportunity to be directly involved in
efforts to promote "sustainable agriculture" in the United States. Since 1987, I
have served on the Advisory Board for the Leopold Center for Sustainable
Agriculture located at Iowa State University, one of the leading land grant
agricultural research institutions in the United States. During that time, the
Leopold Center has awarded over $ 15 million in funds to support research,
education, and promotion of sustainable agriculture. I have also served on two
committees for the Board of Agriculture of the National Academy of Sciences
addressing issues of sustainability. In 1992, the Committee on Long Range Soil
and Water Conservation Policy published Soil and Water Quality: An Agenda for
American Agriculture.  n1 The ideas proposed in that book, such as using a
watershed approach to address water quality issues and the promotion of field
buffer strips to  [*424]  reduce water pollution, have in recent years been
accepted as central features of American agricultural environmental policy.
Early in 1998, the Committee on Prospects and Opportunities for Sustainable
Management of America's Nonfederal Forests published Forested Landscapes in
Perspective.  n2 Over the last several years, I have written several law review
and journal articles addressing aspects of sustainable agriculture.  n3


   I write this Essay from that experience, with the goal of sharing reflections
on the important role which law and policy will play in promoting the
development of truly sustainable agricultural systems. Sustainable agriculture
is one of the most important developments in American agriculture in the last
half century. It has the potential to be a unifying concept that can provide the
basis for addressing both the environmental and the social needs of agriculture
in countries throughout the world. For that reason, I commend the organizers of
this Congress  n4 on selecting the issue of sustainable development as a theme
for consideration. It will be impossible for any nation or the world to progress
far on the path toward sustainable development if it does not examine
agriculture. Sustainability must start from the ground up and agriculture is the
place to begin. If food production systems and our relation to the natural
resources we use to raise food are not grounded on the principles of
sustainability, our future is in doubt.


   II. Defining the Principles of Sustainable Agriculture


   The first and perhaps most important step in promoting sustainable
agriculture is to develop a common, understandable definition of the term. By
[*425]  doing so, the goals and objectives sought to be furthered by research
and education efforts, as well as by law and policy, will become clearer. In the
United States' experience, the process of defining sustainable agriculture was a
long and sometimes acrimonious process. This was due in part to the fact that
many people and institutions in agriculture originally viewed promotion of
"sustainability" as a threat to their positions or markets. These fears over
what sustainability might mean have largely disappeared and have been replaced
by an increased acceptance of sustainability as a basis to measure both farming
practices and agricultural policies.


   Sustainable agriculture is defined in various ways, but in its simplest form,
it means developing agricultural practices which protect the environment while
preserving the economic profitability of farmers.  n5 The basis of the concept
is that no agricultural system can be successful in either the short or long
term unless it is designed to sustain the resources necessary for its operation.
n6 These resources include both physical resources, of soil, air, and water, and
also human and social resources of farm families, rural communities, and the
economic structure necessary for an agrarian system to function. By focusing on
how decisions affect the "sustainability" of agriculture, policies can be made
which incorporate a concern for the environment. More importantly, by combining
a concern for the environment with attention to the economics of farming,
sustainable agriculture offers a way to harness producers' natural concerns for
the profitability of their operations.


   One statutory definition of "sustainable agriculture" can be found in Iowa
Code

    266.39, which authorizes the Leopold Center, and that section defines the
term as: "the appropriate use of crop and livestock systems and agricultural
inputs supporting those activities which maintain economic and social viability
while preserving the high productivity and quality of Iowa's land."  n7


   For the last ten years, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
has funded research specifically aimed at these issues under the Sustainable
Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) program. United States federal law
defines sustainable agriculture as follows:


   [A]n integrated system of plant and animal production practices having a
site- specific application that will, over the long-term-


   (A) satisfy human food and fiber needs;


   (B) enhance environmental quality and the natural resource base upon which
the agriculture economy depends;

     [*426]

   (C) make the most efficient use of nonrenewable resources and on-farm
resources and integrate, where appropriate, natural biological cycles and
controls;


   (D) sustain the economic viability of farm operations; and


   (E) enhance the quality of life for farmers and society as a whole . . . .
n8


   III. To What Degree Is American Agriculture Meeting the Goal of
Sustainability?


   Opinions are mixed on whether American agriculture is making progress on
being more sustainable. Many commentators will tell you that we can do much
more, which is true. But many parts of American agriculture are doing a much
better job today than ten years ago. A combination of the federal soil
conservation laws, public concern for environmental protection, and research and
education on sustainable agriculture has led to many improvements. Farmers are
adopting soil conservation practices and are considering alternatives for
improving soil fertility and controlling pests. In that regard, the impact of
public policies such as conservation compliance and efforts to fund sustainable
agricultural research, such as the Leopold Center, have had an important impact.


   In my home state of Iowa, the results from sustainable agriculture research
on issues, such as how to reduce water pollution from the overuse of nitrogen
fertilizer, are clear. For example, the average rates of nitrogen fertilizer
used per acre in Iowa have dropped significantly in recent years without
lowering crop yields. One effect is that Iowa farmers are saving millions of
dollars in reduced fertilizer costs while also reducing the potential for excess
nitrates to enter water supplies. Another effect is that if the environmental
problems that bring attention to agriculture subside, such as public concerns
for water pollution, then there should be less need to enact regulatory
approaches that may increase the costs and restrict the freedom of choice
available to farmers.


   By merging economics and environmental stewardship, sustainable agriculture
holds great potential for the United States and other nations. First, it may
offer a way to reduce tensions between the environmental community and the farm
sector, and it can help preserve consumer confidence in the quality of our food.
In addition, it may provide a basis for justifying continued and even increased
public funding of agricultural programs, such as expanded efforts to control
water pollution and conserve soil. If farmers adopt practices to protect the
environment, the negative environmental effects creating public pressure to
regulate agriculture may decline. Law and policy will play an important role in
helping any nation develop and promote sustainable agricultural systems.
Identifying the legal tools and programs that will give life to sustainable
practices is one important  [*427]  challenge. Equally important are efforts to
identify the legal and institutional barriers, such as farm tenancy practices or
agricultural lending attitudes, that might promote practices which negatively
impact the environment and hamper the development of sustainable systems.


   IV. Lessons to Be Drawn from the U.S. Experience with Sustainable Agriculture


   Perhaps the most important insights that can be drawn from the American
experience are the following ideas on how to most effectively develop and
promote sustainable agriculture principles. First, it is important to develop
commonly understood and accepted definitions of what is meant by "sustainable"
agriculture. The role of definitions is essential, not just in helping clarify
the goals to be promoted and in gaining support for the efforts, but also in
trying to develop mechanisms to measure the effectiveness of any programs
adopted.


   Second, we must recognize that the communities affected by "sustainable"
agriculture are much broader than just the farming sector. Many groups and
institutions have an interest in and influence over agricultural policy. The
research and education sector, farm groups, input suppliers, farm lenders, and
landowners are among the important groups impacted by the type of agricultural
policies in place. They are also important players in the successful promotion
of any policy. These groups can either be allies in promoting sustainability or
barriers to its adoption. The ability to gain their involvement is partially a
function of whether they perceive that a shift to sustainable practices might
threaten them. One important development within agriculture that magnifies the
role played by these groups is the increased reliance by farmers and landowners
on paid consultants to perform certain farming practices. For example, it is
increasingly common for farmers to hire agricultural business, perhaps their own
cooperatives, to apply pesticides and fertilizers. Crop consultants are commonly
hired to conduct field surveys to determine when pest problems require
treatment. The increased use of outside expertise, not necessarily from public
agencies such as the USDA's Cooperative Extension Service,  n9 is a factor that
will determine how well any alternative farming practices identified by
sustainable research are adopted.


   Third, we must appreciate the fundamental role of education and research in
providing the basis for sustainable agriculture. The concept of sustainability
is an attractive ideal, but it will remain only an ideal unless actual practices
and policies are developed to help implement sustainability in the fields.
Farmers will not change how they produce crops in order to protect the
environment unless they have knowledge and information about how the new
practices will work and the  [*428]  effect these practices will have on their
productivity and profitability. The ability to marry the twin concerns of
respect for the environment and recognition of the need for profitability if any
economic system to survive is one of the essential features of sustainable
agriculture. That is why funding for research and education is fundamental to
the efforts to adopt sustainable farming practices. A good example is the need
to improve the testing and application of livestock wastes so that producers can
take credit for the nutrients when making later fertilizer applications.


   Fourth, it is important to identify the legal and institutional biases that
influence agricultural practices. One basic theme of sustainable agriculture is
to promote adoption of farming practices which have fewer adverse impacts on the
natural environment. Developing alternative practices that can be adopted is an
important step in this process, as is developing better awareness and acceptance
of the negative impacts common farming practices may cause. However, it is
important to recognize that the availability of an alternative and the awareness
of the current problems will not always lead to a change in how farming is
carried out. There are a variety of other influences that help determine how and
why agriculture functions. These influences include: the impact of land tenure
practices, such as short-term leases that lock producers into exploitive land
practices; the lending practices of agricultural financiers that may hinder the
adoption of alternative methods of production or crop diversification; the
attitudes of farmland owners who may desire a short-term maximization of returns
rather than longer term stewardship of the land; and governmental programs that
may encourage production of certain crops rather than more balanced systems. One
of the key challenges in developing a more sustainable agriculture is for
agricultural lawyers and policymakers to identify and work to reduce the impact
these legal and institutional barriers may present.


   Fifth, we must include within promotion of sustainable agriculture
consideration for social and human needs. While most work in sustainable
agriculture has been agronomic, it is important to recognize the important link
between the economic and social structure of agriculture and developing
sustainable agricultural systems. For any agricultural production system to be
sustainable, it cannot just deal with soil and water or price and income. The
system must also consider the farmers, their families, and the rural communities
that make up the cultural structure of an agrarian system. If an agricultural
system is to thrive, people must be in the equation because they are the actors
to whom the knowledge and advice of the research community is directed. It is
the farmers and their families who care about preserving the quality of the land
they farm and who want to build an economically viable operation through which
to accumulate wealth and acquire the financial resources necessary to live. It
is the people in an agricultural system who act as the transfer agents for
knowledge and wisdom across generations. For these reasons, most definitions of
"sustainable agriculture"  [*429]  include references to either people or the
social structure of agriculture. The Iowa definition of "sustainable agriculture
" refers to "social viability" and "appropriate use"; both clear mandates to
include a structural component in discussions of sustainability.  n10 However,
for many reasons, university and public research efforts find it difficult to
address these cultural components. Perhaps the most significant obstacle to
including questions of structure and social policy in sustainable agriculture
research is that it is impossible to address the issue without encountering
difficult "political" issues that are controversial in the agricultural
community.


   Sixth, it is important to accept the need for evolution and flexibility in
public programs promoting sustainable agriculture. One of the central lessons of
recent years in the United States is a recognition that as the public acceptance
of the importance of promoting sustainable agriculture grows, the publicly
funded programs designed to do so will evolve. Much of the effort in the United
States to limit the impact of agriculture on the environment involves paying
farmers to promote soil conservation and limit water pollution. Programs such as
the popular Conservation Reserve Program (CRP), which uses ten-year contracts to
retire erodible land from production,  n11 and the Wetland Reserve Program
(WRP), which buys permanent conservation easements from farmers who restore
wetlands on formerly drained fields,  n12 are good examples of how sustainable
agriculture is being promoted at the farm level. While these programs may not be
specifically promoted as "sustainable agriculture," the direct effect of the
efforts clearly is to improve farming practices and protect environmental
resources. Over the last ten years, the CRP has evolved to become more focused
on environmental protection. The WRP was first developed in 1990 as a way to
achieve more permanent restoration of valuable wetlands. It represents the first
nationwide effort by the federal government to use conservation easements, which
involve the public purchase of property rights on farmlands, to promote
conservation. Both programs are proving to be popular with farmers and
successful at protecting water quality.


   Seventh, we must also recognize the role of natural systems as the foundation
for promoting sustainable agriculture. When reduced to its essence, sustainable
agriculture may simply mean developing farming systems that are more in harmony
with nature than the conventional practices they replace. The idea of
recognizing and working with natural systems was a fundamental principle in the
writings of Aldo Leopold, whose book A Sand County Almanac and essay The Land
Ethic have greatly influenced public officials responsible for promoting
sustainable agriculture in the United States. The wisdom of using natural
systems as a way to improve  [*430]  agriculture is being increasingly
recognized and integrated into American conservation and agricultural policies.
A prime example is the value of using a watershed approach to address water
quality. While political jurisdictions may draw lines on the map, these often do
not fitthe manner in which water moves and is used. Using natural watersheds to
create the legal jurisdictions necessary to effectively address water quality
protection issues can help promote sustainability. Similar efforts are seen in
the value of restoring wetlands, the need to preserve unique and prime
farmlands, the treatment of groundwater and surface water supplies as
interconnected, and using field buffer strips to improve water quality.


   Eighth, using the food system concept is one way to make "sustainable
agriculture" important to consumers. Today, we see increasing references to the
term "food system" in discussion of the operation of America's agricultural
sector. The term is somewhat similar to "sustainable agriculture" in that it is
new and perhaps not widely understood and appreciated. Ten years ago, it was a
term rarely heard and, like sustainable agriculture, it does not have a fixed
definition, but instead reflects the values participants bring to the discussion
as well as the context of its use. The main objective of employing a food
systems approach to consider agricultural issues is to recognize that
agricultural production is only one part of a larger process, which encompasses
an array of economic activities and policy considerations. By viewing farming
and agriculture as only parts of a multi-faceted food system, broader public
questions and the connections between "farming" and these other issues can be
made clearer. Questions relating to opportunities for local food production,
food access for the poor and hunger assistance, farmland protection, the public
understanding of agriculture, and promotion of alternative markets are all
included within a broadened "food system" focus. Employing a "food systems"
model can build on the linkages that exist in the local economy and political
system. It can also help local officials ask questions that might otherwise go
unasked, such as what are the opportunities for increasing local production of
food, should public institutions purchase more food locally, and how do land use
policies affect the long-term protection of farming? Employing the food system
as a method of inquiry is a natural evolution of our attention to sustainable
agriculture.


   V. Conclusion: How the Law Can Be Used to Promote Sustainable Agriculture


   Let me conclude by summarizing several of the important opportunities that
exist for agricultural lawyers and policymakers to promote sustainable
agriculture. First, the concept of sustainability is not a separate item in
agricultural policy debates over issues such as price, income support, and
international trade. Instead, sustainability should be the organizing theme upon
which policies are based and the standard against which their performance is
measured. Second, efforts to promote  [*431]  sustainable agriculture will be
largely dependent on information and research. If farmers can be shown
alternative methods that protect the environment, as well as the economic
viability of their operations, they will adopt them. It is vital that a
significant increase in funding be provided for research on sustainable
practices. Third, as part of the attention to sustainability, it is essential to
incorporate the social and human issues relating to the structure of agriculture
. The current drive toward industrialization of American agriculture, especially
in livestock production, may threaten much of the present structure of
agriculture that will be necessary to achieve sustainability. Of all the
contradictions in American attitudes and policies toward agriculture, the most
threatening may be the divergence between the traditional structure of
agriculture, which is best suited by attitude and ability to protect the
environment, and the structure we are putting in place through
industrialization. The issue is whether the agriculture we are building can
yield the harvest we desire.


   Finally, an important force shaping American agricultural policy and the
policies of all nations is the international dimension. The recent GATT accord
on agriculture and the development of the World Trade Organization (WTO) have
brought about significant changes in federal farm programs in the United States.
While there are differences of opinion as to its impact, the GATT agricultural
agreement clearly provides the authority and opportunity for countries to
develop and fund conservation and environmental programs for agriculture.  n13
Whether the WTO will operate so as to support the promotion of sustainable
agriculture or give dominance to promoting the economic values of increased
trade at the expense of the environment is still to be determined. The recent
decision against American efforts to protect endangered species of sea turtles
during shrimp harvesting raises serious doubts about the sensitivity of the WTO
process to environmental concerns. In the United States, existing farm programs
are now the primary force for the "delivery" of soil and water quality
protections. We face a critical challenge in determining how these goals will be
achieved in the future if the current programs are dismantled, as scheduled for
2002.


   There is no reason to expect public demands for environmental stewardship
will disappear just because federal farm programs disappear. If farm programs do
not exist, the public demand for environmental protection may most likely find
expression in regulatory approaches to protect soil and water. If we miss this
opportunity to take the money now used for price and income supports and convert
it into internationally acceptable environmental and conservation programs,
American agriculture will have missed the opportunity to make a rightful claim
for public support to protect the environment. We, as a nation, will also have
missed an important opportunity to promote sustainable agriculture.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawNatural Resources & Public LandsWetlands
ManagementGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodPest & Disease
ControlGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct Quality

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Committee on Long Range Soil & Water Conservation Pol'y, Soil and Water
Quality: An Agenda for American Agriculture (1992).




n2  Committee on Prospects & Opportunities for Sustainable Mgmt. of America's
Nonfederal Forests, Forested Landscapes in Perspective (1998).




n3  A number of the ideas and themes reflected in this Essay are drawn from
these earlier writings. The names and citations of these articles are: Greening
Our Garden: Public Policies to Support the New Agriculture, 2 Drake J. Agric. L.
357 (1997); Plowing New Ground: Emerging Policy Issues in a Changing Agriculture
, 2 Drake J. Agric. L. 181 (1997); Reaping What We Have Sown: Public Policy
Consequences of Agricultural Industrialization and the Legal Implications of a
Changing Production System, 45 Drake L. Rev. 289 (1997); Essay: Agriculture
Production and Environmental Policy: How Should Producers Respond?, 1 Drake J.
Agric. L. 141 (1996); Tending the Seeds: The Emergence of a New Agriculture in
the United States, 1 Drake J. Agric. L. 7 (1996); Agriculture Without Farmers?
Is Industrialization Restructuring American Food Production and Threatening the
Future of Sustainable Agriculture?, 14 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 613 (1994); The Role
of Law in Promoting Sustainable Agriculture, 1 J. Sustainable Agric. 111 (1990);
Sustainable Agriculture: The Role of the Attorney, 20 Envtl. L. Rep. [Envtl. L.
Inst.] 10,021 (1990); Adjusting Farm Tenancy Practices to Support Sustainable
Agriculture, 12 J. Agric. Tax'n & L. 226 (1990); and Book Review: Exploring the
Roots of Sustainable Agriculture, 1 J. Sustainable Agric. 107 (1990).




n4  The UMAU 5th World Congress on Agrarian Law was held May 19-21, 1998, in
Porto Alegre, Brazil.




n5  See Neil D. Hamilton, Feeding Our Future: Six Philosophical Issues Shaping
Agricultural Law, 72 Neb. L. Rev. 210, 239 (1993).




n6  See generally Neil D. Hamilton, Sustainable Agriculture: The Role of the
Attorney, 20 Envtl. L. Rep. 10021 (1990) (discussing the developments and impact
of sustainable agriculture).




n7  Iowa Code 266.39(1) (1997).




n8  7 U.S.C.  3103(17) (1994).




n9  These are informal education programs conducted in the United States in
cooperation with the USDA. See id.  3103(7).




n10  Iowa Code 266.39 (1997).




n11  See Dollars for Wildlife in the Wetlands Reserve P r o g r a m ( v i s i t
e d N o v . 5 , 1 9 9 8 ) <http.//ngp.ngpc.state.ne.us/wildlife/wrp.html>.




n12  See Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) (visited Nov. 5, 1998)
<http://www.ftc.nres.usda.gov/doc/nri/27.html>.





n13  See Agreement on Agriculture, Apr. 15, 1994, art. 21(12)(i), WTO Agreement,
Annex 3 (visited Nov. 5, 1998) <http://www.wto.org/wto/legal/14-ag.wp5>.



                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 10, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

LUMBER, SUGAR FUTURES REGISTER SHARP INCREASES;
COMMODITIES;
Lumber, Sugar Futures Register Sharp Increases

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 9, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 350 words


Lumber futures prices, which have made dramatic gains in the last 10 days,
advanced again yesterday as traders voiced optimism about an upturn in the
housing industry despite the recent rise in mortgage rates.

Lumber, up the limit in all contract months on Wednesday, increased between 50
cents and $4.70 yesterday on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

''I think the market is reflecting improved prospects for the housing industry''
and for decreasing interest rates, said Greg Wood, an analyst with Bache Halsey
Stuart Shields Inc.

Because of a change in the Merc contract, spruce will be delivered on lumber
contracts instead of hemlock, starting in January. The new contract also will be
for 130,000 board feet instead of 100,000 board feet.

At the close, the January contract was $186.20 per 130,000 board feet.  Grain
and soybean futures prices closed mixed on the Chicago Board of Trade following
a day of choppy, light activity.  Analysts said traders attempted to even their
positions ahead of today's United States Agriculture Department monthly crop
report, the latest estimates for this year's grain production.

At the close, wheat was one-quarter to 1 1/2 cents higher, December $5.03 3/4 a
bushel; corn was 1 1/4 cents lower to 1 3/4 cents higher, December $3.52 1/2 a
bushel; oats were one-half cent lower to 2 1/2 cents higher, December $2.00 1/4,
and soybeans were one-quarter to 7 1/2 cents higher, November $8.21 1/4.

Continued optimism about large overseas purchases of sugar kept futures prices
moving upward on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York, with all
contract months establishing new highs.

At the close, sugar was seven-tenths of one cent to 1.17 cents a pound higher,
October 89.05; coffee was one-half cent a pound lower to 1.93 cents a pound
higher, December 132.02; cocoa was $22 to $42 a metric ton higher, December
$2,205.
Precious metals prices moved higher.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 22, 2015

MN Farm Link helps connect generations in farming

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 240  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) announces the creation of
Minnesota Farm Link, a web-based tool designed to link farmers and farmland.
Minnesota Farm Link includes all types of farming, from small fruit and
vegetable farms, to large grain and livestock operations. Whether it's helping
someone find a farm, matching an experienced or retiring farmer with a beginning
farmer, or exploring mentoring opportunities, the goal is to connect people.

The MDA's website also features a directory of Beginning and Transitioning
Farmer Information: www.mda.state.mn.us/beginning farming. The directory is a
clearinghouse of programs and services for all types of farmers, which includes
farmers seeking land, financial assistance and loans, farmer education, legal
services, multi-cultural programs, networking, mentoring and transitioning, and
succession planning.

Minnesota Farm Link and the Beginning and Transitioning Farmer Information are a
valuable tool for both retiring and beginning farmers. "We think it's important
to connect beginning farmers who are looking for farmland and/or mentorship
opportunities with retiring farmers who want to see their farm continue," said
Commissioner Dave Frederickson.

If you have questions about Minnesota Farm Link, please contact Jim Ostlie at
320-842-6910

or jim.osflie@state.mn.us To learn about other beginning farmer resources,
contact Becky Balk at 651-201-6369 or becky.balk@state.mn.us

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 4, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CONGRESS BACKS BILL TO PAY THE FARMERS WHO LIMIT PLANTING

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 3


The House of Representatives passed and sent to President Reagan today a farm
bill that would pay wheat farmers who agreed to limit their production this year
and next. It would pay the producers of other commodities for limiting their
production next year.

The House vote was 379 to 11 for approval of a compromise that had been worked
out between House and Senate negotiators last week. The Senate passed the
measure late Monday.

A spokesman for Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said Mr. Reagan was expected
to sign the bill quickly. The Agriculture Department said it would then reopen
for two weeks the period when wheat farmers could sign up for the revised 1984
price support program.

House Members Complain


The bill began as an effort by some senators to improve the wheat price support
program for 1984 and 1985. At the same time, the Administration wanted to save
$3 billion by freezing target prices, the prices that farmers are guaranteed for
their crops. If a farmer sells below the target price, the Government pays the
difference between that amount and the natinal average price of the commodity.

By encouraging farmers not to plant part of their land, the bill could help
avert a potentially price-depressing wheat surplus before Election Day on Nov.
6.

Under the bill, wheat farmers would be paid not to harvest 10 percent of their
cropland this year and next if they agreed not to plant crops on a total of 30
percent of their normal wheat acreage. To win that provision, wheat-state
senators agreed to a two-year reduction in target prices.

On corn, cotton and rice, farmers would have target prices frozen at 1984 levels
in return for a similar paid unplanted-acreage program if surpluses of those
crops exceeded specified levels.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 25, 1989, Monday

US UNLIKELY TO OFFER CREDIT TO SOVIET UNION

BYLINE: From Wire Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The United States is unlikely to offer the Soviet Union trade credits to buy
agricultural goods such as corn and wheat as rumored in grain trading circles,
analysts and government sources said last week.

Associations representing grain and oilseed growers also discounted the rumors,
but said such credits, if granted, would be welcome as they could boost .S.
sales and prices significantly.

The Soviet Union is the world's top grain buyer and a big client of U.S. grain.

Rumors suggesting a big U.S. aid package is being planned for Moscow, including
billions of dollars in easy credit to buy agricultural goods, have recently
circulated in Chicago, the premier American grain futures trading center.

The rumors gained momentum last week after the United States decided to grant
most-favored nation status to Hungary and extended a $ 100 million food aid
package to Poland. Under favored nation status, a country is entitled to lower
tariffs. Most major trading partners already have such status.

Some in the grain trade believe the United States can help Soviet leader Mikhail
Gorbachov achieve reforms by helping Moscow with easier, much-needed
agricultural aid.

"It is very unlikely and hard to imagine until the Soviet Union gets most
favored nation status," said a Department of Agriculture official, who declined
to be identified.

"The Soviet Union is a relatively wealthy country compared other much poorer
countries in the world so there's little need for easy credits," a State
Department source said.

Government sources and grain analysts said any move to grant easy credits to the
Soviet Union would provoke strong objections from many staunchly anti- communist
U.S. politicians opposed to aiding the world's biggest communist nation.

Some U.S. politicians believe a recent poor Soviet record on human rights and
disputes over emigration by Soviet Jews are issues that may work against
granting of such credits.

The Soviet Union can now buy subsidized wheat from the United States through
programs like the Export Enhancement Program administered by the Agriculture
Department.

Government sources said there is no need to expand these discounts by offering
them easy credits.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           February 7, 2015 Saturday

Minister positive about the future

LENGTH: 661  words


Agriculture Minister Michelle O'Neill has welcomed this week's 9.4% increase in
the average price paid at the Fonterra Global Dairy Trade (GDT) auction.

"Hopefully, this is the start of a sustainable trend for milk producers," she
said.

"I am fully aware of the financial pressure that dairy farmers have been under
over recent months. To this end I met the banks and had formal discussions with
DEFRA in London plus representatives of the European Commission. Specifically, I
had requested an increase in dairy intervention prices."

In general terms the minister believes that farming and food in Northern Ireland
can look forward to a bright future, in 2015 and beyond. Her confidence is
centred on the industry's ability to successfully export its output to a large
number of countries worldwide.

"I am very aware of the fact that the Euro has weakened significantly against
Sterling over recent weeks. But Europe is only one of the export markets that we
can target. Countries such as China, Australia and the United States are
potentially lucrative outlets for food produced in the north."

Commenting further on the potential to develop food exporting opportunities to
China, O'Neill confirmed that she will visit that country in the near future in
order to facilitate the needs of the pork sector.

"Vets from China had planned to be with us in January to inspect our pork
processing operations. That did not happen. Doing business with the Chinese is
all about developing good political relations with that country. And to that end
we have made a good start. I have already visited the country twice and will go
again if the pork processing sector believes that such a gesture is required on
my part."

The minister is very aware of the strides made by the government in Dublin to
forge stronger trading relationships with the US and other countries around the
world - the recent decision taken by the authorities in the United States to
green light Irish beef imports being a case in point.

"There is a cross border working group in place which allows the interest of the
north to be fully recognised when it comes to meeting the strategic needs of
farming and food sectors.  I also have a good working relationship with EU
Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan and my counterparts in DEFRA," she said.

"So there are a number of options open to me when it comes to ensuring that the
needs of local farmers and food processors are communicated to the key decision
makes within Europe and beyond."

The minister went on to confirm that Commissioner Hogan will visit Northern
Ireland at the end of March.

Mrs O'Neill firmly believes that the Going for Growth strategy, espoused by the
Agri Food Strategy Board, will deliver the export opportunities which she
believes must underpin the sustainability the of agri food industry moving
forward.

"The Executive at Stormont has an agreed vision and strategy for the farming and
food sectors. We have already made £250 million of funding available to help
drive the Farm Business Improvement Scheme, which is a fundamental driver with
the new rural development programme.

"There is also a close working relationship between my own department and DETI."

The minister also indicated that Brussels should approve the new rural
development programme by the summer of this year.

"We submitted a plan that will provide us with significant flexibility, in terms
of its overall implementation," she said.

"I am aware that of the significance that farmers place on the implementation of
the Farm Business Improvement Scheme. The first step in this process will be the
establishment of Business Development Groups, which will allow producers develop
the business plans they need to identify their specific opportunities for growth
during the period ahead.

"Full details relating to the working of these new groups will be forthcoming
later in the year. However, their operation will require a strategic input on
the part of DARD and CAFRE staff."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 7, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Grains and Soybeans Falter As Yield Prospects Improve

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 14; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 419 words


Grain and soybean futures prices weakened further yesterday, with wheat down for
the 12th straight day, as production prospects continued to improve.

"There is no doubt you're going to have record yields in soybeans and record
yields in corn." said Mickey Luth, senior grains analyst with Merrill Lynch &
Company in Chicago. "It's just a question of how big."

On the Chicago Board of Trade, wheat for September delivery fell 1 cent to
settle at $3.09 a bushel; September corn fell 2 cents, to $2.15 3/4 a bushel;
September oats dropped 5 3/4 cents, to $1.15 1/4 a bushel, and August soybeans
slipped 1/2 cent, to $5.53 a bushel.

Prices have fallen across the board this week amid expectations that the
Department of Agriculture will raise its production estimates for corn, wheat
and soybeans in a crop report next Wednesday.

The reason is that conditions for corn and soybean development in the Midwest
are nearly ideal after a cold, dry spring that gave the crops a slow start.
Wheat prices have been under pressure as a result of disappointing export sales
and the expectation that a big corn harvest will mean less demand for wheat as
livestock feed.

Sparks Commodities Inc., a respected analytical concern based in Memphis,
released its own crop production estimates after trading ended yesterday. Sparks
estimated 1992 United States corn production at a record high 9.06 billion
bushels and pegged the soybean harvest at 2.17 billion bushels, the largest crop
since 1982. The Department of Agriculture's most recent production estimates
were 8.45 billion bushels of corn and 1.96 billion bushels of soybeans.

Sparks estimated total 1992 wheat production at 2.32 billion bushels, compared
with the department's latest estimate of 2.23 billion and last year's production
of 1.98 billion.

Oil futures rallied on the New York Mercantile Exchange, erasing Wednesday's
losses, as United States and Iraqi Government officials exchanged angry remarks
about a planned search of Government ministries in Baghdad.

Light sweet crude oil for September delivery rose 24 cents, to $21.42 a barrel;
September heating oil jumped 0.96 cent, to 59.59 cents a gallon; September
unleaded gasoline climbed 1.36 cents, to 60.31 cents a gallon; September natural
gas rose 2.6 cents, to $1.877 for 1,000 cubic feet.

Cattle futures ended mostly higher and pork futures were mixed in early trading
on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Near-term cattle futures continued to be
supported by strong meatpacker demand.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 29, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Four Farms Chosen for Agriculture Awards

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, July 28


Four family farms have won the annual Governor's agricultural awards for service
to farming and to their communities.

The winners are a dairy farm, a poultry farm, a potato farm and a vegetable
farm, reflecting the range of agriculture in New York State. Farming is a $3
billion a year industry, measured in sales by farmers.

The awards, which will be presented at the State Fair in Syracuse next month,
went to Sunrise Farms in Catskill; Mahany Farms in Arkport; Peckhaven Farms in
Saratoga Springs, and Sorbello and Sons in Fulton.

Sunrise Farms is a 520-acre poultry and grain farm operated by William and
Evelyn Lasher and their daughters, Marian and Christine.

At Mahany Farms, Murray and Reba Mahany, together with their sons, Robert, Gary
and Gregory, and a son-in-law, Dennis Acomb, grow potatoes for potato chips as
well as oats, wheat and corn on 2,000 acres.

The Peckhaven Farm operated by Joseph and Patricia Peck and their son, David, is
home to 165 dairy cows.

Sorbello and Sons, operated by Morris Sorbello, his wife, Barbara, and their
sons, David and Dana, grow lettuce and other greens, Chinese cabbage, potatoes,
onions and strawberries on 350 acres.

Gov. Mario M. Cuomo said the winners were active not only on the farm but in
fire companies, 4-H clubs, Little League teams and civic organizations.

Each award consists of a framed citation signed by the governor and a metal
model of a barn and a silo, mounted on wood bearing a brass plate with the
winner's name.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           January 24, 2013 Thursday

EcoFarm kicks off with hope for sustainable ag

BYLINE: By JESSICA SHUGART Herald Correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Business

LENGTH: 639 words


The title of the opening seminar at the 33rd annual EcoFarm Conference
"Cultivating Our Capacity to Feed the World"   was large in scope, to say the
least.

The sweeping topic drew more than 1,500 sustainable agriculture advocates to the
Asilomar Conference Center in Pacific Grove on Wednesday, the first night of the
annual event that continues through the weekend.

During the next few days, farmers, ranchers, marketers, students and educators
will commiserate about sustainable agriculture through an array of workshops,
seminars and gatherings.

"It's time to think of tomorrow, today," said poet and activist John Trudell in
the meeting's opening address. "We need to think our way out of what we believed
our way into. How can we show respect for life if we don't use our common
sense?"

His speech set the tone for an evening filled not only with stories of
ecological destruction, but with hope for the future of sustainable agriculture.

Denise O'Brien, a longtime organic farmer from Iowa, spoke about ecological
devastation perpetuated by poor farm management in her home state, a place she
described as "the belly of the beast." There, she and her husband maintain a
small organic farm amid a sea of large-scale, conventional farms. Yet O'Brien
ultimately projected an image of hope.

"I really believe in the future, and I really believe in families and farmers on
the land. And there's a lot to do," she said.

O'Brien is an advocate for female farmers in Iowa, an emerging demographic she
feels will promote sustainable farming practices if given a chance to take
control of their land.

"The demographics now show that women are going into agriculture at a faster
pace than men," said O'Brien. "And yet we still have the face of agriculture in
the United States as the male."

Brian Halweil, editor and publisher of Edible magazines and a writer who covers
organic farming, biotechnology and hunger, also struck a somber tone in his
speech.

"I have lost my way. After more than two decades as a booster of the 'food
movement,' I feel a little bit like a cheerleader who has lost his pep," Halweil
told the crowd. "I've been guided by the faith that food can change the world,
but lately, I fear   I wonder   if that's in fact true."

He described recent successes of local, sustainable agriculture near his home on
Long Island, N.Y., including community oyster farms and liquor made from local
grains.

But, he said, these stories were a minority. He cited reports showing the local
food economy in the United States to be less than 5 percent of the total.

"I used to be satisfied with incremental change as long as it was moving in the
right direction, and I'm not anymore," Halweil said.

His ideas for translating thriving local food movements into global change
involved reducing food waste, considering climate change and melding food and
health care.

Surrounded by bee-themed art at the opening reception, farmers, ranchers,
marketers, students and educators buzzed about their lives in the world of
sustainable agriculture.

EcoFarm board member Hansel Kern, a Central Valley farmer, said he came to the
conference to help build bridges between rural farming communities in the valley
and the urban food movement of the coast.

"We need to break out of the Bay Area bubble of reality, be brave and move
beyond that," Kern said.

EcoFarm founder Amigo Cantisano marveled at the make up of the crowd.

"The demographics are changing. More young people are interested in food now,"
he said.

Cantisano started the EcoFarm Conference 33 years ago when he invited local
organic farmers to gather and swap secrets in a firehouse in Winters. Forty-five
people attended the first event.

"Today we fill up the entire Asilomar Conference Center and surrounding hotels,"
said Cantisano.

Jessica Shugart can be reached at 648-1188 orjshugart@montereyherald.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             August 21, 2015 Friday

PMAS-AAUR emphasises use of technology in agriculture

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 517

LENGTH: 462  words


To enhance agricultural production for effective farming, there is a dire need
to adopt information communication technology (ICT), speakers said at a workshop
arranged by Pir Mehr Ali Shah Arid Agriculture University Rawalpindi (PMAS-AAUR)
on Thursday.

They urged to equip young rural girls with ICT skills and emphasised the need of
changing mindset, which limits women recognition and acceptance in the society.

PMAS-AAUR Department of Sociology in collaboratioin with University of
California Davis, United States (US), Unites States Aid for International
Development (USAID), International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre (CIMMYT)
and Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) arranged the workshop 'ICT Use
of Pakistani Girls in Rural Farming Households' aimed at training women through
about the appropriate use of ICT and maximum utilisation of ICT in the field of
agriculture.

While addressing as a chief guest, PMAS-AAUR Vice Chancellor Dr Rai Niaz Ahmad
appreciated and encouraged the steps taken by the eminent scholars in the field
of merging ICT and agriculture.

He urged other guests and participants to work with full interest and zeal, as
it is and will be very progressive in the field of research and development. He
emphasised use of ICT in agriculture sector and stressed young people to adopt
farming profession for agriculture development to enhance per acre yield. The
vice chancellor urged faculty to launch such programsmes of community
participation and skill development, which can ultimately transform into
tangible benefits to the society.

University of California International Learning Director Dr Mark Bell, Director
highlighted the ICT as a tool for improving rural farming households. He
stressed the importance of need-based and relevant information in the context of
ICT extension. He urged the participants to implement the ICT for the
dissemination of information based on easy to access and implement. He said that
if the message is not interesting, it will fail to bear result. At the end he
distributed certificates among the participants of the workshop.

Earlier, Project Coordinators Dr Aneela Afzal in her welcome address elaborated
the aims and objective of the workshop. She said that the project was designed
to access the use of information and communication technology by the young
school going girls and its use in the rural farming. At the same time the
project tends to train those girls through young trainers about the appropriate
use of ICT and maximum utilisation of ICT in the field of agriculture, she
added.

Representatives from agriculture organisations, international experts,
consultants, farmers, young girls, faculty members, students and donor agencies
working in the agriculture sector attended the workshop.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 21, 1991, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SOVIET CREDIT AGREEMENT A BIG PLUS FOR SOYBEANS

BYLINE: Babette Morgan Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 281 words


Soybeans were called a winner in money allocated this week for the Soviet Union
to buy grain, and U.S. soybean leaders were delighted.  Out of $600 million set
aside for the first phase of newly approved loan guarantees, $70 million is
available for soybeans, and $117 is available for protein meals (soybean,
cottonseed, linseed and sunflower seed). Merle N. McCann, president of the
American Soybean Association, said the group had been working with Soviet
officials and livestock producers for more than five years to demonstrate the
advantages of soybeans. ''Our efforts are obviously paying off,'' he said.  The
terms for this first installment of a $1.5 billion credit agreement were
announced on Wednesday by the Department of Agriculture after talks with a
Soviet delegation.  In other allocations, the Soviets agreed to use $285 million
for feed grains, which include barley, corn, sorghum and oats; $42.5 million for
wheat or flour; $8.5 million for poultry meat; and $2 million for hops. Up to
$75 million of this first batch of credits can be used to pay for shipping the
grain and oilseeds.  ''It looks like (soybeans and freight are the winners,''
said William Lesher, an agricultural lobbyist in Washington.  The allocation for
feed grains was ''in line with what we expected,'' said Byron Fink, president of
the Missouri Corn Growers Association.  Soviet officials say they need grains
and oilseeds to feed their livestock herd, which already has been trimmed for
lack of feed.  This week's $600 million in credits is part of $1.5 billion in
loan guarantees authorized on June 11 by President George Bush.  Reuters
contributed information for this story.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday

Crop of farmers dwindles in Schuylkill County

BYLINE: Amanda Leigh Brozana, Republican and Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1114 words


July 29--Editor's note: This is the first in a seven-day series examining
agricultural education in Schuylkill County.

Drive along many of the roads in the county about this time of year, and you'll
more than likely be surrounded by crops of corn, hay and soybeans.

But check the cabs of tractors working those fields, and you'll likely see a
gray-haired man behind the wheel.

Farming is big business in Schuylkill County, but some are concerned that the
decline of agriculture programs in local school districts may threaten the
influx of a new generation of farmers and the progression of the industry.

The industry

Agriculture is the leading industry in Pennsylvania and Schuylkill County. Yet
only about 1.8 percent of residents in the county live on active farms,
according to 2007 Census figures, the most recent agriculture data available.

In Schuylkill County, farms spread across more than one-quarter of all the land,
covering 118,501 acres.

Agriculture is also one of the only industries in Schuylkill County that is
showing growth, according to Terry Stehr, the county executive director of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Schuylkill County Farm Service Agency.

In 2002, there were 832 farms in the county, according to Census figures. Five
years later, there were 966.

The sales revenue for all farms in the county in 2007 was about $125 million.
The value of land and buildings, as well as the market value of the machinery
and equipment invested into the farms, is about $700 million.

Stehr said Schuylkill County is one of the most diverse in the state as far as
crops grown.

The crops grown also vary as much as the size of farms locally -- ranging from
50 with sales of more than $500,000 per year to 391 with sales of less than
$1,000 a year.

Schuylkill County farmers raise corn, soybeans, hay and oats, as well as grapes
for local vineyards and many types of fruits, vegetables and ornamental plants.
Agriculturists produce honey, farm potatoes and Christmas trees. A few local
farmers raise mushrooms, the largest cash crop in the state.

Livestock is also big business here.

Schuylkill County has a substantial broiler industry -- where chickens are sold
for meat -- and egg-laying industry, said Dwane L. Miller, Pennsylvania State
University Schuylkill County Cooperative Extension director of Education who
oversees all the programs that are presented out of the extension office.

In 2007, 5.7 million chickens were sold by county farmers for meat, and farmers
reported having about 1.6 million egg-laying chickens.

There are more than 3,500 milking cows in the county and more than 20,000 hogs
and pigs, according to Miller.

County farms also employ many people and pay out more than $14 million in 2007
to hired farm labor, according to the 2007 census.

Indirectly, farms help support the service industry surrounding them, such as
various equipment dealers.

"As the farmers go out and do their thing, like any other industry, there are
supporting underlying businesses that rely on these folks for their jobs as
well," Miller said.

Farming in peril

"To me, there's not a more admirable profession than trying to feed the world,
and that's what these guys are doing day in and day out," Miller said of
farmers. "It's not about the dollars. When it comes to the end of the day, I
think it's about heritage and people taking great pride in what they do."

Yet, farming is not easy, and parents in recent generations have become more
open to allowing children to choose their own career goals, even if it isn't
taking over the family farm.

"It's a personal choice on the part of the children, because in many cases, we
as parents aren't going to force our children to do things like they were many
generations ago," Stehr said. "These children have learned that it's hard work,
many hours and little pay. Because of this, children are choosing to leave on
their own and parents aren't requiring them to stay, and that's a good thing."

The loss of some members of the younger generation has changed the landscape of
the county and agriculture industry.

"We are losing farmland to residential development and other uses," Miller said.
"We are seeing the number of farmers dwindle as the average age keeps creeping
up and up and up."

There is one upside to this trend, however, Miller said.

"It's almost forcing the current farmers to pick up the slack and their
operations are getting, for the most part, larger," Miller said.

Miller said this often forces farmers to adopt new practices that are more
efficient, and in doing such, yields often grow slightly and production
techniques become more modern.

However, the appreciation for advances in technologies and techniques often
starts in schoolhouses for students who are not raised in farmhouses, and local
farmers, industry experts and educators fear a decline in FFA programs --
formerly known as Future Farmers of America -- and agriculture education in
public schools could keep new blood out of the farming community.

The importance of agriculture education

Stehr and Miller both agree the way to keep agriculture a strong industry is for
farming families to grow new farmers.

Miller said that traditionally, especially on dairy farms, the next generation
comes right from that farm.

"It becomes extremely difficult for a new person to dive into farming that
doesn't have that financial backing of Mom or Dad or Grandpa to help them with
that farm," Miller said. "If they had to start out from scratch, boy, I'd say
with the price of equipment, land, the resources they need, it would be almost
impossible."

For that reason, Miller said early education and appreciation of agriculture is
important.

He would like to see students exposed to production agriculture in elementary
school, encouraging children to learn where their food comes from and taking a
trip to a working farm.

"Without the American farmer, I think folks would be really scared to rely on
the rest of the world to feed our population when the rest of the world is
relying on the American farmer to help feed them," Miller said. "For that
reason, it's imperative to continue to provide for our farmers or those
interested in working in agriculture -- in Schuylkill County or across the
United States."

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican and Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100729-RN-Crop-of-farmers-dwindles-in-Schuylkill-County-20100729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Coveney says input of farm women 'totally undervalued'

BYLINE: SEÁN Mac CONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent, in Kilkenny

SECTION: IRELAND; Regional News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 455 words


FARM WOMEN at their largest annual gathering here yesterday were challenged by
Minister for Agriculture Simon Coveney to bring their natural instincts into
play to help defeat the horrifying number of farm fatalities.

The Minister also asked them to become more involved in making the decisions on
farm investments needed to drive the enormous expansion in the sector, which is
expected with the ending of milk quotas and with the revision of the EU s Common
Agricultural Policy.

The 650 women who attended the Women in Agriculture Conference in the Lyrath
Hotel were told by the Minister that the input of women on Irish farms was
totally undervalued  by commentators and the farming sector.

He said he was not talking just about the support women gave as mothers and
partners in the family sense but also the vital commercial role of women on
farms.

He said a 1990s study in the United States involving 1.9 million farm holdings
showed the holding that had men and women farming in partnership had profits of
23 per cent more than farms that did not.  There is a very significant
commercial contribution which women can and should be making to farming in
Ireland,  said the Minister.  While I want to recognise the phenomenal
contribution women make, not just on farms but in rural Ireland where 75 per
cent of volunteers are women who in many cases run rural Ireland, I want to
challenge women on farm safety and their future role in farm investment,  he
said.

The fact half the people who will die in the workforce this year will die on
farms which accounts for only 6 per cent of the workforce is something we cannot
stand over any longer.

Women are more naturally cautious than men and I think they should be insisting,
challenging what is often a very cavalier attitude towards farm safety by sons
and husbands. There is a really strong role for mothers, wives and women
partners.

The second challenge, he said, was around the growth of the agri-food sector and
the investment that would have to be discussed and made by farms over the next
four to five years.

Women need to play a vital role in that and not allow financial decisions on
investments and borrowings to be made purely by men in the household because
traditionally that has happened,  he said.

He said the research had shown successfully run farm businesses were run by men
and women and when they are jointly involved there is a much more cautious
questioning approach to borrowing and investing money.

The women, who had braved the bad weather to attend the event, heard lectures on
farm management, taxation, health and food from speakers including Aiden Cotter
of Bord Bia, Pat Smith, general secretary of the Irish Farmers  Association, and
chef Neven Maguire.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday

AUSTRALIA and New Zealand rank among the

BYLINE: Mark Phelps

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 487 words


AUSTRALIA and New Zealand rank among the world's leading adopters of no-till
farming with 69 per cent of our arable land, or 17.162 million hectares, farmed
under conservation principles. By world standards Australia has a long history
of no-till and reduced-till farming and a particularly high uptake of controlled
traffic farming where machinery movements are confined to set wheeltracks. But
it is in South America where there has been an exponential rise in conservation
agriculture adoption with 57.5pc of their arable land, or 55.63 million ha, now
run under zero-till regimes.

Nearly half the land under conservation agriculture in the world is now in South
America. South American conservation agriculture consultant Rolf Derpsch told
the World Congress on Conservation Agriculture in Brisbane that more than 70
percent of farming land in Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay was now under no-till
and more than 76pc in Chile and Paraguay. "Farmers have understood that it is a
system that makes it possible to achieve sustainable agriculture," he said.
"They can farm much quicker, save up to 66pc fuel and have big financial
advantages. They have erosive rains and undulating country so the erosion
problem is always a threat. In the days when they used conventional tillage the
erosion was catastrophic." Dr Derpsch said the key to such high adoption was the
co-ordinated approach by all sectors of the farming community. "When you have a
multi-stakeholder approach with the farmer associations, co-operatives,
municipalities and agencies pushing in the same direction farmers become
convinced it is the way to go," he said. One-third of the world's conservation
agriculture takes place in North America where the United States and Canada have
15.4pc of their arable land, or 39.981 million ha, under no-till. By contrast,
Food and Agriculture Organisation senior officer Theodore Friedrich, Rome,
Italy, said Europe lagged well behind developed world adoption rates with a mere
0.4pc of its arable land farmed without cultivation. Dr Friedrich said while
harsh climatic conditions and erosion threats had driven the need for
conservation agriculture in countries like the US and Australia, farmers in
Europe had been shielded by the continent's moderate climate and subsidised
agriculture. "Europe has low adoption because the pressure on farmers from
climate is quite low because in the recent past the weather has been kind to
European farmers," he said. "Also with the subsidies in Europe, European farmers
didn't have the same pressure to cut costs as farmers in South America or
Australia. "There are also vested interests such as the machinery industry which
is very strong in Europe and has no interest in the adoption of conservation
agriculture because it would cut down tractor numbers." "But Europe is
increasingly being hit by extreme weather events and hard economic times so
things are getting tougher."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Conservation agriculture consultant Rolf Derpsch, Paraguay. FAO officer
Theodore Friedrich, Italy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Tablelands Advertiser (Australia)

                              July 22, 2011 Friday
                                   1 Edition

New crop of innovation

SECTION: TODAYS FARMER; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 287  words


THE world's most innovative farmer will be giving northern farmers a chance to
tap into his breakthroughs.

Joel Salatin, who received the title from Time Magazine, will be in Townsville
on August 4 for a full-day workshop.

Mr Salatin's family operates Polyface Farm in the United States, where they have
developed new farming techniques based on requirements of profitability,
sustainability and ethics.

Kym and Georgie Kruse, Atherton based farmers and co-ordinators of RegenAG
(Regenerative Agriculture) in Queensland, expect about 100 people to attend the
workshop, which costs $150 including lunch and morning tea.

"The model that Joel has can benefit Australia's producers," Mr Kruse said.

"But he is not only talking to producers - he has also developed a successful
relationship with consumers, so that people can have direct access to healthy
quality food."

For RegenAG, a global alliance of farming families committed to changing food
producing practices and improving on-farm livelihoods, these "beyond-organic"
farming techniques and sales strategies are the future of agriculture on the
Tableland and in the rest of the world.

"All bureaucratic and legal pressures make it extremely hard for small family
farms to exist," Mr Kruse said.

"But if you don't have healthy profitable farms on the Tablelands it is the
death of the community.

"We have seen it with the dairy farms crisis last year."

Mr Salatin's revolutionary methods can help making agriculture attractive to the
youths, so that new generations take on their parents' farms.

"The average age of farmers in Australia is 63," Mr Kruse said. "We really care
about the future of our agriculture, and that's why it must be enjoyable and
profitable to young people."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TMA


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 18, 2000

Flocking to Shetland

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Agriculture: Sheep, Pg.18

LENGTH: 169 words


DELEGATES from as far afield as the United States and Japan will gather in
Shetland next week to talk about the Shetland sheep breed.

The conference, Shetland Sheep 2000, which runs September 24-30, incorporates
flock book shows as well as sales.

Shetland Sheep 2000 is the result of collaboration between the Shetland Flock
Book Trust and the Shetland Sheep Breeders Group to highlight Shetland's own
breed of sheep.

As Shetlands are bred throughout the world, delegates are expected from the UK,
North America and, possibly, Japan, to listen to guest speakers delivering
papers on all aspects of Shetland's very own sheep, including a lecture on 1,000
years of Shetland Sheep.

The conference kicks off next Sunday when delegates will meet in the Clickimin
Centre, the venue for the week's lectures, followed by a fashion show and local
music.

Coach tours visiting various areas of interest including sheep shows at Voe and
Walls have been organised, as has a Flock Book Sale on Friday, September 29.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Farmers Independent (Bagley, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Minnesota Farm Link;
A new resource connects generations in farming

BYLINE: Farmers Independent staff

LENGTH: 239  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) announces the creation of
Minnesota Farm Link, a web-based tool designed to link farmers and farmland.
Minnesota Farm Link includes all types of farming, from small fruit and
vegetable farms, to large grain and livestock operations. Whether it's helping
someone find a farm, matching an experienced or retiring farmer with a beginning
farmer, or exploring mentoring opportunities, the goal is to connect people.

The MDA's website also features a directory of beginning and transitioning
farmer information: www.mda.state.mn.us/beginning farming The directory is a
clearinghouse of programs and services for all types of farmers, which includes
farmers seeking land, financial assistance and loans, farmer education, legal
services, multicultural programs, networking, mentoring and transitioning, and
succession planning.

Minnesota Farm Link and the Beginning and Transitioning Farmer Information are a
valuable tool for both retiring and beginning farmers. "We think it's important
to connect beginning farmers who are looking for farmland and/or mentorship
opportunities with retiring farmers who want to see their farm continue," said
Commissioner Dave Frederickson.

If you have questions about Minnesota Farm Link, please contact Jim Ostlie at
320-842-6910 or jim.ostlie@state.un.us To learn about other beginning farmer
resources, contact Becky Balk at 651-201-6369 or becky.balk@state.mn.us

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Farmers Independent


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           September 24, 2007 Monday

Kiwi farmers flourish without subsidies  ;
 New Zealand's government ended payouts in 1984

BYLINE: BRUCE RUSHTON and MATT BUEDEL GATEHOUSE NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1179 words


No one believes Congress will pull the plug on farm subsidies.

But what would happen if lawmakers did end handouts, which began nearly 75 years
ago during the Great Depression?

Mostly good things, if New Zealand is any example.

New Zealand once subsidized agriculture, mainly dairy farmers and cattle and
sheep ranchers, believing that government money was needed to prop up farmers
who had to compete against counterparts from other nations that also had
generous subsidies.

Faced with an economic crisis, however, New Zealand went cold turkey in 1984,
ending subsidies with almost no warning. It remains the only industrialized
nation in the world that has completely abandoned farm subsidies.

At first, doom-and-gloom predictions appeared accurate. Farmers organized
protests as land values plummeted. Some went out of business. Unemployment rose,
and rural business owners suffered as farmers stopped spending money. But hard
times didn't last.

Within a few years, New Zealand's rural economy rebounded. Land prices now are
higher than ever - an acre of prime farmland costs more in New Zealand than in
the United States. Agriculture today accounts for 19 percent of New Zealand's
gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced in a
country. That's an increase of 5 percent since subsidies ended.

"You would find very few people in New Zealand now who would want to go back to
a subsidy system," said Brian Chamberlin, former head of Federated Farmers of
New Zealand, the equivalent of the Farm Bureau Federation in the United States.
"I think what we have proved in New Zealand is that it's much more reliable to
depend on the market and your own business acumen than it is to depend on
politicians."

New Zealanders made believers out of a group of Illinois farmers who visited the
southern Hemisphere nation last year.

"By the end of the second day, well over half of them were thinking we would
really be better off eliminating all subsidies," said Tamara White, who helped
organize the trip on behalf of the Illinois Farm Bureau. "It was maybe down to
50-50 that they would say publicly that they would eliminate subsidies. It's a
bit similar here when they are with their colleagues. They're more reticent to
speak out when they're back home."

White lives in two agricultural worlds. She works as senior director of
commodities for the Illinois Farm Bureau, which praised federal lawmakers last
July when the House rejected a proposal that would have reduced commodity
subsidies and shifted money to conservation programs. That's the sort of
approach pushed by the International Food and Agricultural Trade Policy Council,
an organization based in Washington, D.C., that advocates free trade and has
published papers pointing out the benefits of subsidy-free agriculture. White is
treasurer of that organization.

"As a farm bureau staff person, I would tell you an entirely different thing
than as a person from the IPC," White said.

Rob Sharkey, who farms in Stark and Bureau counties, said he liked what he saw
in New Zealand.

In the United States, the government subsidizes a handful of crops, which ties
farmers' hands, Sharkey said. Not so in New Zealand.

"I wish we could get to where we were planting several different crops, instead
of just the two powerhouse crops (corn and soybeans)," Sharkey said.

In New Zealand, virtually anyone who is willing to work hard can become a farmer
and eventually own land, Sharkey said. But in the United States, government
subsidies have helped create an industry that's practically closed to everyone
except the rich or heirs of existing farmers.

Sharkey, 33, said he's hoping that high crop prices will last long enough that
U.S. farmers can be weaned entirely from subsidies.

"I'm looking at farming, hopefully, another 30 or 40 years," he said. "I don't
want to be where we are now at the end of my career. I don't want to be relying
on subsidies to make a living like we do now."

Demarcation lines aren't always clear, as evidenced by the IPC's funding
sources, which include Monsanto, Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill and other
agribusinesses that have profited hugely as U.S. agriculture, thanks in part to
subsidies, has become big business rather than a patchwork of small family-owned
farms.

Without subsidies that distort the worldwide market price of commodities and
discourage agriculture in the developing world, free traders say, the United
States would produce fewer commodities. That would encourage other nations to
grow more, which would open up new markets for U.S. agribusiness.

"The Monsantos of the world are generally against subsidies," said Chamberlin, a
member emeritus of the IPC. "Without subsidies, farming would grow in South
America and Africa. That presents big opportunities."

Subsidy supporters argue that farmers need government money even when commodity
prices are high because the cost of seed, fertilizer, fuel and other necessities
inevitably increases. But Chamberlin said input prices actually went down in New
Zealand after subsidies ended.

"The value of the subsidies was factored into what these people charged farmers
for those services - they charge what the market will stand," Chamberlin said.
"In the New Zealand situation, when farmers couldn't pay the previous prices, in
nearly every instance, they reduced the charges."

In New Zealand, marginal land went out of production when subsidies ended, and
the same thing would happen in the United States, Chamberlin predicted. With no
subsidies, there wouldn't be as much demand for pesticides, fertilizers and
herbicides, he said.

"Growing the right crops in the right place is good for the environment, and it
reduces input costs and fuel costs," Chamberlin said.

Besides being much smaller than the United States, New Zealand exports most of
the wool, meat and dairy products that are the foundation of its agricultural
economy. And it produces little, if any, corn, soybeans, wheat and other
commodities that are heavily subsidized and produced by the billions of bushels
in the United States.

Chamberlin argues that such differences don't change the bottom line: If New
Zealand did it, so can the United States. And with commodity prices high and the
U.S. farm bill up for renewal, the timing couldn't be better.

"I think the opportunity to get the government out of farming is staring us in
the face," Chamberlin said. "Those of you who are the best in the world at
growing grain certainly don't need subsidies. The U.S. is huge in comparison
with New Zealand. It's got the potential to be an absolute world leader in
demonstrating how to farm without subsidy protection."

But no one is holding their breath.

"Farm bureau members, in general, want to believe they can be very successful
and very competitive internationally without subsidies," White said. "But the
gut reaction is, there are still subsidies in Europe and Japan. And there are
tariffs.

"Until all of those things change, we are not going to budge."

SJ-R.COM/CLICK YOUR PICK

Should Congress put an end to the farm subsidy program?

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: STORY HAS LOCAL CONTENT / STORY HAS 1 FACT BOX ON PAGE 3

DOCUMENT-TYPE: WIRE. GHNS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             July 5, 2003, Saturday

Howard Paterson

SECTION: Features; 40

LENGTH: 634 words


Howard Paterson, farmer and businessman, was born on November 7, 1952. He died,
apparently of a heart attack, on July 1, 2003, aged 50.

Dynamo who shook up agriculture in the southern hemisphere

HOWARD PATERSON was New Zealand's greatest entrepreneur of recent years, a
visionary in the realms of agriculture, biotechnology and other businesses. He
was also director of some hundred companies, ranging from egg production to
mobile medical testing.

No venture was too way-out for this lateral thinker to consider, and he was
never inhibited by traditional methods. He realised, for instance, that there
was no limit to the scale on which farming could be done, and that there were
economies to be gained from larger and larger operations.

Howard Paterson was born in Dunedin, New Zealand, in 1952. After reading
philosophy and phenomenology of religion at the University of Otago, he went
into property development both locally and overseas, his interests soon ranging
across New Zealand, Australia, Fiji and the United States.

In 1988, only two years after the chaotic ending of farming subsidies in New
Zealand, he decided that agriculture was becoming an interesting and challenging
field in which to be involved. Within a year he owned 7,000 milking cows, and he
very quickly expanded this dairy operation into a public company with no fewer
than 52,000 cows. Later he was to buy back a controlling stake in the business
and, after selling many of the farms to the resident share-milkers, he kept
about 25,000 cows in New Zealand and in Tasmania. With the considerable success
of this company, Tasman Agriculture, his activities soon ranged across the
entire farming spectrum.

The deer farming industry, for instance, seemed to him to be in need of
modernisation, so he expanded a relatively small operation into a vast deer
empire with more than 100,000 animals spread over nine farms. Similarly, once he
decided that egg production was a field to be conquered, he set up a
state-of-the-art egg unit which now produces more than one million eggs daily
and supplies 35 per cent of New Zealand's requirements.

More recently he was involved in developing a large new wine-producing area
along the Waitaki Valley, anticipating that in time it would produce fine pinot
noir.

He was also heavily involved in a far-reaching project to improve the production
of fine sheep wools.

Besides agriculture, New Zealand's pharmaceutical industry benefited greatly
from his business acumen. Among the numerous companies in which he was involved
and most of which he founded -are several leading neutraceutical producers,
including a company producing a biological means of controlling the fungal
disease botrytis in grapes and other susceptible plants.

Paterson was also responsible, jointly, for founding and financing the recently
formed A2 Milk Corporation, marketing milk which is free from the potentially
damaging beta-casein A1 protein, and which is being promoted as helping to
prevent diabetes, heart disease and even mental illnesses.

As well as owning many tens of thousands of agricultural acres, Howard Paterson
never lost his enthusiasm for land development, with projects such as a new town
and an employment park near Canterbury in New Zealand. He was also active in the
tourist industry, owning hotels and luxury resorts.

Despite his wealth and success, Paterson remained a modest man, more often seen
in jeans than a suit. He was greatly respected in the business community -named
New Zealander of the Year by the National Business Review last year -but more
importantly earned the devotion of those who worked for him.

He is survived by his wife, Lee, whom he married in 1989, and their two sons, as
well as by a son from his first marriage.


LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Times Newspapers Limited


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                             May 15, 2003, Thursday

Roh Pledges Full Opening of Agricultural Sector

LENGTH: 502 words


   WASHINGTON, D.C. _ President Roh Moo-hyun on Tuesday told Korean and American
business leaders that he intends to open up the country's protected agricultural
sector to international competition promptly and completely.

Speaking to the audience of leading businessmen at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
here, Roh pledged to push ahead with the market opening whilst helping the
Korean farming sector reform.

''The large number of farmers who still depend on farming for their livelihood
pose a barrier to the establishment of Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) with other
countries,'' Roh said.

''My administration will deal with the aging farming population as a social
problem so as to convert the country's farming industry into an effective
structure led by a competitive few.'' Roh said the Korean agricultural sector
has fallen behind those of other countries.

South Korea signed its first FTA with Chile earlier this year, but it is
regarded as being incomplete because it bypassed contentious fields such as
agriculture. The Korea-Chile FTA is scheduled to take effect after ratification
by the National Assembly in June.  Farmers are a significant political force in
Korea with enormous voting power and Roh's remarks could trigger a major outcry
in the farming community.

Industry watchers said Roh's remarks are an indication of his intention to open
up other protected sectors.

One such area is the country's movie industry, where the screen quota system
stands in the way of a bilateral investment treaty (BIT) between Seoul and
Washington. The screen quota forces domestic theaters to show local moves for a
certain number of days each year. Washington often complains about South Korea's
closed markets, citing the agriculture and move industries.

In a roundtable session with U.S. industrialists at the U.S. Chamber of
Commerce, Deputy Prime Minister Kim Jin-pyo, who is also in charge of the
country's economic and financial policies, said the government is working on a
special piece of legislation calling for the structural reform of the
agriculture industry using funds to be raised by various government agencies and
ministries.

Kim said he hoped negotiations for the ROK-U.S. BIT will resume. The BIT was
negotiated by former President Kim Dae-jung in his first year of office in 1998
as part of efforts to internationalize the country's economy and attract foreign
investments after the currency crisis.

However, Kim cited the screen quota as the biggest stumbling block, adding that
more active importation of good-quality Korean movies by U.S. distributors would
ease the Korean movie industry's concerns.

In the speech, meanwhile, Roh promised perspective U.S. investors a positive
business environment through the designation of economic free zones unrivaled by
other countries.

''Going a step further, this policy (economic free zones) will be expanded
across the country in a bid to create a business environment unrivaled anywhere
in the world,'' he said.


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 2003 Hankook Ilbo


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 April 5, 1999

First farmers' market is a runaway success
 Perth event could become a weekly fixture

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture: Farmers' market, Pg.2

LENGTH: 555 words


SCOTLAND'S first farmers' market could go weekly after an exceptionally
successful start in Perth at the weekend.

Councillor Alex Murray, one of the driving forces behind the scheme, said the
response had greatly exceeded expectations and it was now his aim that the
market become a weekly fixture.

Saturday's market - crowded from the moment it opened - will be repeated next
month and in June, before moving on to a more regular basis throughout the
summer as more vegetables and soft fruit become available.

Mr Murray, a sheep farmer at Aberfeldy and chairman of the Perth and Kinross
Council economic development committee, said: "It's a year to the day since I
stood here in the rain and gave away free lamb in Perth to highlight the
differences between farm -gate prices and those in the supermarkets.

"It's my aim to have this market here weekly because it's the only way we, as an
industry, can tackle the supermarkets head-on."

Shoppers from across Scotland, including some from Banffshire and Glasgow,
filled the Fair City's King Edward Street, and many of the 15 stalls sold out
long before the event ended.

One stall selling free -range eggs and home-baking, run by farmer Jenny Robb, of
Carroglen Farm, Comrie, saw all its wares gone in 97 minutes.

Mrs Robb praised the market and said she believes it could be just as successful
if held again. She said it would be an opportunity to sell lamb from her 1,200
hill ewes between August and October.

The market was a joint attempt by Perth and Kinross Council, the local
agricultural forum, Perth Partnership, and the National Farmers' Union of
Scotland to put increased returns in the pockets of the area's beleaguered
farmers, who have long complained that plummeting farm-gate prices have not been
passed on to consumers.

It drew on the experience of other markets held in the South-west of England,
including Bath - the country's most successful. All follow the example of weekly
markets held in California by fruit and vegetable farmers.

Bridge of Earn shepherd Jim Fairlie and Mr Murray, both of whom helped organise
the Perth initiative, hope the event will spawn others across the country. And
Mr Murray said the council's organising team would be more than willing to pass
on advice to other local authorities or organisations wanting to set up their
own markets.

Mr Fairlie, who sold lamb from the estate he works on, said: "We have done very
well. I expected it to be a success, but did not envisage it being just as
successful as it has been."

Alister correct Fraser, of Strath Appin Assured Produce, at Aberfeldy, sold beef
and lamb from his on-farm butchery, set up just six months ago. Many cuts sold
out.

He said: "It's helped us from the point of view that we are able to meet the
customer. We do not have the opportunity to do that often . . . I think a
fortnightly market would be a good thing."

Tracey Martin, Perth and Kinross Council's marketing officer, said the market
would be repeated and tied in with other events in the city, like the annual
Perth in Bloom, to ensure support.

Also on sale at the market was wild boar, frozen soft fruits, plants, preserves
and fish. Among the most popular items was ostrich meat from Barry Lambert's
ostrich farm, at Methven. It quite literally flew off the shelf.

Comment - Page 10

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             August 21, 2015 Friday

PMAS-AAUR emphasises use of technology in agriculture

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: RAWALPINDI


RAWALPINDI, Aug. 21 -- To enhance agricultural production for effective farming,
there is a dire need to adopt information communication technology (ICT),
speakers said at a workshop arranged by Pir Mehr Ali Shah Arid Agriculture
University Rawalpindi (PMAS-AAUR) on Thursday.

They urged to equip young rural girls with ICT skills and emphasised the need of
changing mindset, which limits women recognition and acceptance in the society.

PMAS-AAUR Department of Sociology in collaboratioin with University of
California Davis, United States (US), Unites States Aid for International
Development (USAID), International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre (CIMMYT)
and Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) arranged the workshop 'ICT Use
of Pakistani Girls in Rural Farming Households' aimed at training women through
about the appropriate use of ICT and maximum utilisation of ICT in the field of
agriculture.

While addressing as a chief guest, PMAS-AAUR Vice Chancellor Dr Rai Niaz Ahmad
appreciated and encouraged the steps taken by the eminent scholars in the field
of merging ICT and agriculture.

He urged other guests and participants to work with full interest and zeal, as
it is and will be very progressive in the field of research and development. He
emphasised use of ICT in agriculture sector and stressed young people to adopt
farming profession for agriculture development to enhance per acre yield. The
vice chancellor urged faculty to launch such programsmes of community
participation and skill development, which can ultimately transform into
tangible benefits to the society.

University of California International Learning Director Dr Mark Bell, Director
highlighted the ICT as a tool for improving rural farming households. He
stressed the importance of need-based and relevant information in the context of
ICT extension. He urged the participants to implement the ICT for the
dissemination of information based on easy to access and implement. He said that
if the message is not interesting, it will fail to bear result. At the end he
distributed certificates among the participants of the workshop.

Earlier, Project Coordinators Dr Aneela Afzal in her welcome address elaborated
the aims and objective of the workshop. She said that the project was designed
to access the use of information and communication technology by the young
school going girls and its use in the rural farming. At the same time the
project tends to train those girls through young trainers about the appropriate
use of ICT and maximum utilisation of ICT in the field of agriculture, she
added.

Representatives from agriculture organisations, international experts,
consultants, farmers, young girls, faculty members, students and donor agencies
working in the agriculture sector attended the workshop.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                               November 10, 2002

Drop tariffs and you may as well feed SA sugar to the rats

BYLINE: Gaenor Lipson

SECTION: Economy, Business & Finance; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 583 words


Drop tariffs and you may as well feed SA sugar

to the rats

Coca-Cola is fighting for cheaper imports but global protectionism means South
Africa also has to keep the bar up, writes

COCA-Cola in South Africa is involved in a bitter war of words with the SA
SugarAssociation, which it accuses of being a protectionist cartel.

Coke wants the price of sugar to be reduced and for local tariffs to be
scrapped. Maredi Mogodi, Coke's communications director, says: "We want the
ability to be able to source our sugar from elsewhere. But the current import
tariffs mean that it is not viable to import even if the buying price is much
lower."

SA Sugar Association executive director Trix Trikam says that if the tariffs
were dropped, dumping by the US and EU would destroy the local industry. Both
subsidise their sugar farmers.

Global resource brokerage ED& F Man figures on sugar producing countries from
March showed Brazil to be the cheapest at 19USc/kg, followed by South Africa
(32USc/kg). In the US sugar costs 62USc/kg to produce, the UK 100USc, and
France131USc.

Refined, packaged sugar trades on global markets for about 26USc/kg. Rodger
Walters, an analyst at Abvest Associates, says most countries base their
domestic selling price on their market production costs rather than the
officialworld price.

Trikam explains that sugar production is so much more expensive in the US and
UKbecause most farmers there grow sugar beet, which costs more than cane sugar.

A recent study by the Canberra-based Centre for International Economics
estimates that should there be "full liberalisation of the US, EU and Japanese
sugar industries, the international world market price would rise by 63%".

Walters backs the local measures: "To protect the SA producers, the import
duties need to stay in place until such time that the rest of the world have
allscraped their high local prices. This will ensure the price will be higher
...with lower capacity."

South Africa produces around 2.6million tons a year. Half is consumed locally
and half exported.

Asia receives more than 50% of the 1.3million tons exported - South Korea,
Japanand Malaysia are the three biggest buyers there. The Middle East buys 33%,
Africa 6% and the US 3%.

Says Trikam: "We have no problem selling our produce. But if we sold at the
sameprice as the world sugar price we would be destroyed." He gives the example
of Australia, which produces about five million tons a year. It sold at world
prices, and this damaged the industry to such an extent that the government
provided an A$ 100-million subsidy.

South Africa and Australia, together with other low-cost producers such as
Canada, Brazil and Thailand, joined forces three years ago to form the Global
Sugar Alliance.

David Willers, SA Sugar Association overseas representative, says the alliance
was formed to ensure "sugar is not overlooked as it was during the previous
1994Uruguay Round agreement".

He says there have been setbacks, such as a new farm Bill in the US which is
setto entrench subsidies, and the pro-subsidy EU showing no signs of reform.

But he and the alliance believe the setbacks are temporary, especially as both
the EU and US are coming under pressure from the World Trade Organisation.

Additionally, in 2008, Mexico will gain full access to the US market under
Nafta(North American Free Trade Agreement), while in 2009, least developing
countrieswill get the same access to EU markets.


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2002 Times Media Limited


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Vertical farming looking up

BYLINE: Goh Hoe Hoe

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 452 words


I READ with interest the cover story of the RED pullout on vertical farming
(NST, March 28) and it's good to know that we are not lagging behind in this
field.

Apart from Professor Dr Norhati Ibrahim, a lecturer at the Centre of Studies for
Architecture, Faculty of Architecture, Planning and Surveying, Universiti
Teknologi Mara, conducting a study on vertical farming, various projects and
activities related to it have been carried out in Malaysia for years.

The premise for vertical farming is that instead of farming on land (traditional
horizontal farming), we can produce large-scale agricultural crops such as
fruits and vegetables and livestock such as swiftlet and fish farming in
multi-storey buildings.

We cannot discount the possibility of venturing into vertical farming in
Malaysia, which can help the country expand food production.

When Tan Sri Sanusi Junid served as agriculture minister (1986), he had
experimented with growing rice on rooftops of buildings, but it was considered
impractical then. Today, with advances in science and technology, vertical
farming can be done without much difficulty.

The advances in agricultural science and technology have provided opportunities
for urban dwell-ers to undertake hydroponic agriculture in limited space.

I attended an agricultural exhibition recently and was attracted by plant
factories designed by the technical teams of Universiti Putra Malaysia, where
vegetables are cultivated through the fish tank hydroponic method.

The plant factory, measuring 2x2m by 1m, costs RM300.

If properly managed, it can yield RM60 worth of vegetables a week.

The plant gets nutrients from the water pumped out of the tank, in which fish
are reared.

The water supplied to the plant is re-circulated to the fish tank to provide
food for the fish.

This system is environmentally friendly and does not cost a lot or require much
space.

It is a great idea to encourage city folk to plant vegetables using this method.
They can do this to supplement their income, besides being a leisure activity.

We should also look at expanding the swiftlet farming industry, which
contributes about RM1 billion to the national income.

The number is expected to increase to RM5 billion by 2015.

Our venture into the bird's nest industry began in the late 1990s. There are now
more than 8,000 swiftlet farm owners operating 40,000 swiftlet houses
nationwide.

Shouldn't the success of the bird's nests industry be copied?

It should spur us to develop other agriculture sectors such as in-house farming
on a large scale to enable us to export vegetables to the Middle East, which
imports most of its food and drink from the United States, Pakistan and Austria.

Goh Hoe Hoe, George Town, Penang

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 3, 2009 Sunday

Swine flu outbreak fuels tracking concerns

BYLINE: Susan Mires, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 577 words


May 3--An outbreak of swine flu may impact the region's animal agriculture.

The biggest challenge for pork producers is that people associate the disease
with pork.

"It has nothing to do with pigs," said Don Nikodim, executive vice president of
the Missouri Pork Association.

The group has been working hard to make sure consumers know you cannot get swine
flu from eating pork or from handling raw meat. Pork producers, as well as
government agencies, have led an effort to refer to the disease as H1N1 instead
of swine flu. Farmers are already dealing with the fallout.

"It's having a dramatic impact on the people who have been selling pigs the last
few days," Mr. Nikodim said. Swine flu news drove the market down $10 to $15 per
hog this week, he said. Others worry that public health concerns may lead to
more government involvement in farming.

"There is a risk that the U.S. will attempt to use disease outbreaks as
justification for infringement on property rights," said Bill Bullard, chief
executive officer of R-CALF.

The organization, based in Billings, Mont., has vocally opposed a government
proposal to assign a number to every food animal in the United States. Mr.
Bullard said the current network of producers, veterinarians and state agencies
works well.

"The farmers and ranchers who raise cattle are constantly looking out for
symptoms of disease," he said. "Our U.S. beef supply is the safest in the world,
and we fight every day to make it safer."

The National Animal Identification System is a voluntary system where farmers
are encouraged to register both their location and animals. The U.S. Department
of Agriculture says the system will limit the spread of animal disease and
minimize animal losses and economic impact.

The idea of animal tracking gained traction a few years ago when mad cow disease
was discovered in the United States. Most producers, however, do not support the
idea, said Mark Servaes, manager of the St. Joseph Stockyards.

"They don't want anybody to trace back what they're doing," he said. "It's a
privacy issue."

Liability is also a concern, considering a disease could be easily transmitted
through the air, or through situations such as the stockyards. On Wednesday,
about 1,200 head of feeder cattle were sold through the stockyards and shipped
out to four states -- Missouri, Kansas, Iowa and Nebraska.

Mr. Nikodim said the pork industry in general supports animal ID because most
pigs can already be traced. He also said modern production in enclosed buildings
makes it easier to prevent disease.

"We can protect our animals and have a better chance of controlling it from
getting into the environment," he said.

Before swine flu, livestock producers faced challenges dealing with E. coli and
mad cow disease. Yet, demand for meat remains strong. Research this week by the
National Pork Board found that more than eight out of 10 consumers believe pork
is safe.

"You've got to give the producer credit," Mr. Servaes said. "They do things
right."

Susan Mires can be reached at susanm@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090503-JM-Swine-flu-outbreak-fuels-tracking-concerns-0503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2009 St. Joseph News-Press


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  December 10, 1986, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Farmers in Ontario to get $100 million from federal fund

BYLINE: By John Spears Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 459 words


   Ontario farmers will get about $100 million by this spring from a special $1
billion assistance program for grain growers offered by the federal government.

The government promised the billion-dollar package earlier this fall because of
depressed world grain prices. Yesterday, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and
Agriculture Minister John Wise released the details of how the money will be
paid.

The payments will cover the major Ontario grain crops, including corn, soybeans,
wheat, rye, oats and canola.

The government says it will pay out $300 million to farmers across Canada "as
soon as possible this winter" and the remainder in the spring.

Most of the $1 billion fund, perhaps as much as 80 per cent, will go to western
grain growers, whose incomes are being pummelled by depressed prices.

According to government estimates, the average farmer will get about $5,000. And
payments will be limited to a $25,000 ceiling for any individual.

The payments will be based on the number of acres a farmer grew of any
particular crop, plus the average crop yield for the local area.

This means farmers will get the federal assistance even if the crops were fed
directly to animals on the farm, and never were sold at depressed market prices.

Leaders of the major farm groups across the country had met during the fall to
advise the government on how to divide up the money.

Canadian Press reports that in announcing the payments in Ottawa, Mulroney said
an agriculture subsidies war between the European Community and the United
States has placed Canadian farmers at an unfair disadvantage.

"It would be unacceptable for the national government to stand on the
sidelines," Mulroney said.

"What happens to Canadian agriculture is vital to the future of the Canadian
economy . . . when farmers are hurting, the economy is suffering."

Spring planting

Brigid Pyke, president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture, said it will be
crucial to get the money into the hands of farmers in time to pay the costs of
planting crops this spring.

She noted that Ontario farmers may run into problems trying to prove how many
acres of the various grain crops they planted in 1986.

Western farmers do not have that problem because their crop acreages are
reported to the Canadian Wheat Board.

About two-thirds of the money going to Ontario, or $67 million, will go to corn
growers. They will get an extra 34 cents a bushel from the fund.

Corn averaged $3.71 a bushel for the five-year period ending in 1984, but the
price slipped to $3.02 in 1985, and were 50 cents lower than that during the
past summer.

Wheat producers will be next on the list, receiving about $17.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        DeWitt Era-Enterprise (Arkansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 6, 2011

Soybean acres up 2%, corn 28%, rice down

BYLINE: DeWitt Era-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 566  words


Last Thursday's USDA Acreage eport has served up a plate of market bears with
sides of surprise ind puzzlement for analysts and the market.

The report was a mid-year snapshot of the nation's crops assembled from some 35,
000 interviews conducted by the National Agricultural Statistics Service over a
two-week period in June. Analysts expected spring's severe flooding and drought
to make the crop acreage look different from the March 31 Planting Intentions
report.

In Arkansas, the nation's top rice-producing state, rice was down 35 percent
from its 2010 acreage, while cotton gained 19 percent and soybeans gained 2
percent over last year according to the Arkansas Acreage Report issued by the
National Agricultural Statistics Service.

Rice is estimated at 1.17 million acres, down from the 1.4 million acres in the
March intentions report.

"The acres are down for the most part because of the weather, " said Stewart
Runsick, rice verification coordinator for the University of Arkansas Division
of Agriculture. "The heavy rains kept farmers out of the field."

In other Arkansas crops: Corn is estimated at 500, 000 acres, up 20, 000 acres
from March.

Sorghum plantings were estimated at 100, 000 acres, the same number from the
March report.

Soybeans matched the intended acreage report at 3.25 million.

"Nationally, the big, bearish surprises were in cotton and corn acreage, " said
Scott Stiles, extension economist-risk management forthe University of Arkansas
D'k vision of Agriculture. Pre-report guesses had corn pegged at 90.77 million
acres versus the March intentions of 92.18 million, he said. Thursday's report
put corn at 92.28 millionacres, some 100, 000acres above the numbers in the
March 31 planting intentions report.

"The assumption was that the prolonged rainy spell in parts of the Corn Belt
would shi ft intended corn acres to soybeans, " Stiles said. "That didn't
happen."

Iowa and Nebraska tacked on 800, 000 additional acres of corn acreage above
March intentions, offsetting much of the losses in Ohio, Illinois, South Dakota
and North Dakota.

"With favorable weather here forward, 2011 ending stocks could get back near a
comfortable 1 billion bushels, " Stiles said.

In cotton, most states deviated little from March intended acres, except Texas
where "cotton acreage increased 1 million acres above intentions, " Stiles said,
adding that the change was probably due in part to a 400, 000 drop in sorghum
and corn acres in the Lone Star State.

The Texas numbers are likely to change because of its deepening drought.
Disaster declarations have been made in 213 Texas counties, but the remainder
counties are also eligible for some disaster assistance because they share a
border with the 213.

"The real question in cotton is how many acres will be abandoned in Texas. Some
speculate 45-50 percent, " Sti les said. "J ust a guess, but it will likely
exceed the 1998 record of 42 percent."

Soybeans were the other surprise.

"Many assumed soybeans would gain at the expense of corn, but nationally,
soybean acreage came in below March intentions, " Stiles said. "In a knee-jerk
fashion, the soybean market fol lowed corn and cotton lower on Thursday. Going
forward, the lower soybean acreage should lend support to prices and keep U.S.
inventories tight."

For more information on crop production, visit www.uaex.edu,
vvwvv.arkansascrops.com, or call the Arkansas County Extension office.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEW

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 DeWitt Era-Enterprise


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 18, 1998

Cattle breeder to sell herd

SECTION: Agriculture: Beef, Pg.21

LENGTH: 277 words


DEESIDE farmer and Simmental breeder Jane MacInnes is giving up the pedigree
enterprise on the family's Maryculter Home Farm after 21 years.

Her Maryculter Simmental herd, established in 1977, goes back to the well-known
cow Cannee Dame, a winner on show record and performance and one of the first
three golden cows in Scotland (the others coming from Kair and Tillylair).

The herd has always had a high health status and been grass fed, with calves
only getting a small amount of oats as creep feed. Jane is also proud of her
record of never having had a bull returned as infertile.

A consistent prizewinner on the show circuit throughout the 1980s, Jane was also
a keen participant in the breed society's pioneering MOET scheme managed by SAC
beef specialist Peter Broadbent at Craibstone.

"I had hoped to see this cattle crisis out but knee problems have forced me to
accept that I really can't cope with another winter," said Jane. "It will be
very sad to see the herd go but I'm sure there must be life after cows."

On the arable side, conservation oats will still be a priority and a deer
fattening enterprise on the farm may be expanded. There are plans to increase
breeding sheep numbers and the family's long standing involvement with horses
and competitive driving will also continue.

Both Jane and husband Ewan teach driving and Jane is also engaged in writing a
series of articles to accompany her driving video which is a big seller,
particularly in the US.

Around 50 breeding females, all in calf to Gerald Smith's Royal Highland Show
prizewinning bull Drumsleed Granite, will go under the hammer at Thainstone on
Tuesday, October 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

U.S. crops crippled by heat;
Weakening of corn, soybean output threatens to add more upward pressure to
global food prices

BYLINE: CHARLES ABBOTT, Reuters, with a report from Bloomberg New

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; AGRICULTURE; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 525 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The midsummer heat wave did more damage to the U.S. corn crops than expected,
according to a government survey that sent grain prices sharply higher Thursday
while reviving global concerns over another food price spiral.

In its first estimate of the crop based on field surveys, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture slashed its estimate of corn yields by 4 per cent. Farmers will now
bring in a barely adequate harvest of 12.9 billion bushels, instead of the
record crop that was within reach until the heat hit.

Prospects for corn and soybeans, the leading U.S. crops, could weaken further as
the dry, hot conditions have persisted since the survey was taken. Corn futures
leapt 4 per cent in Chicago, closing at $7.14 a bushel, while soybeans and wheat
rose nearly 3 per cent.

A disappointing crop in the United States, the world's largest food exporter,
would add more upward pressure to global food prices and further strain
governments worldwide.

Parts of the Midwest, the main growing region, were the hottest since 1955 last
month. Smaller supplies of corn may increase costs for ethanol refiners such as
Poet LLC, Archer Daniels Midland Co. and Valero Energy Corp. and meat producers
Tyson Foods Inc. and Smithfield Foods Inc., which buy the grain for feed. The
price of corn, the biggest U.S. crop, has jumped 74 per cent in the past year.

"Food is needed worldwide, so we're going to be looking at higher prices," said
Shawn McCambridge, senior grain analyst at Jefferies Bache LLC in Chicago.

Grain prices have weathered the latest financial market turmoil far better than
most commodities, with corn still only 12 per cent below its all-time high in
June and up 78 per cent from a year ago, bolstered by bad weather and strong
demand.

USDA estimated the soybean crop at 3.056 billion bushels, 4 per cent smaller
than expected, as yields faltered, but the crop is still maturing. Every bushel
of this year's corn and soybean crops will be consumed by fall 2012, according
to USDA, so supplies will be tight for at least the year to come.

The U.S. corn stockpile will shrink to 714 million bushels before the next
harvest, 5 per cent below trade expectations and the smallest end stocks in 16
years - and that would be after cutbacks in exports and less use for livestock
feed and fuel ethanol production.

Corn for ethanol would drop by 50 million bushels, or 1 per cent, due to tighter
supplies and lower forecast gasoline consumption this year and in 2012, USDA
said.

For its report, USDA interviewed 27,000 producers and conducted spot-checks of
field conditions in late July and early August. Soybean production is lower than
expected due in part to rain and floods in the northern Plains that reduced
plantings by 500,000 acres. Yield would be 3 per cent lower than expected by
traders.

Planting ran so far behind normal in the northern Plains that USDA conducted a
special survey last month to get a clear picture of wheat, corn and soybean
seeding in the region. Besides the small reduction in soybean plantings, it
showed durum wheat seeding was down 15 per cent and other spring wheat down by 7
per cent from earlier reports.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 10, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Beef Demand Seen in Peril As Prices Rise

BYLINE: By ALEXEI BARRIONUEVO

SECTION: Section C; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS, June 9


Agriculture officials made a case on Thursday for reopening the border with
Canada to live cattle, saying that high beef prices were starting to drive
consumers away from beef to pork and chicken.

The prices for choice-grade beef averaged $4.20 a pound this spring, up from the
previous high of $4.13 a pound in the fall of 2004, said Keith Collins, the
chief economist for the United States Agriculture Department. Some restaurants
have indicated that customers are cutting back on beef, he said, and pork and
chicken producers are ramping up their production.

While demand for beef remains robust, ''we are right at the point where some
consumers are going to walk away from beef,'' said Mr. Collins, speaking at a
roundtable discussion of the American-Canadian cattle border, which has been
closed to cattle since May 2003, when bovine spongiform encephalopathy, commonly
known as mad cow disease, was found in Canada.

Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns said the one-day event was intended to
educate consumers about the economic problems caused by the border closure. Mr.
Johanns' effort to reopen the border in March were stopped by a cattle group
that won an injunction in a Montana federal district court, citing lingering
concerns about the safety of Canadian cattle.

The situation is unlikely to change until a federal appeals court in San
Francisco reviews the case on July 13. A trial has been scheduled for July 27 in
Billings, Mon., where the injunction was issued.

After closing the border in May 2003, the United States resumed imports of
packaged beef from Canada in October of that year. After a dairy cow in
Washington State was found to have mad cow in December 2003, 53 countries banned
American beef.

The closure has cost the American beef industry about $4 billion a year. The
United States has recovered about a third of its beef exports, but Japan, which
had accounted for nearly half, continues to refuse beef.

Bill Bullard, the chief executive of Ranchers-Cattlemen's Action Legal Fund, the
cattle group that won the injunction, disputed Mr. Collins' assessment of cattle
prices. He said that high beef prices could not be attributed to the border
closure alone because higher imports of packaged beef from Canada have offset
the loss of live cattle.

And higher imports of cattle from Mexico to the United States have reduced the
total cattle lost to only 1 million; the United States has 95 million cattle in
its herd.

''This is not a crisis situation,'' Mr. Bullard said.

But Mr. Collins said uncertainty over the Canadian border was contributing to a
''kind of euphoria in bidding up cattle prices'' that had fed into the high
retail prices.

Mr. Johanns said he hoped a resumption of normal trade with Canada would
stabilize the market and lead prices down gradually. He said he was concerned
that the border closure was hurting packing plants, some of which rely on
Canadian cattle. The closure has contributed to the loss of 6,100 jobs,
including some 200 from a plant in Gering, Neb., that announced on Thursday that
it was closing in part because of the ban on Canadian cattle.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 22, 2001, Thursday, FIVE STAR EDITION

BRITAIN BANS MEAT EXPORTS AMID PIG DISEASE OUTBREAK

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 374 words

DATELINE: LONDONBAN; MEAT EXPORT; GREAT BRITAIN; ENGLAND; DISEASE; PIGS; HOGS


An outbreak of highly infectious foot-and-mouth disease in British pigs prompted
a government ban Wednesday on exports of meat, milk and livestock and threatened
serious damage to the country's beleaguered farming industry.

The United States and the European Union quickly announced their own ban on
British exports.

The disease, which is not regarded as a threat to humans, affects cloven-footed
animals, including sheep, goats and cows. It is not usually fatal to the animal
but can cause weight loss and reduced dairy production in cattle. It is airborne
and can spread quickly.

"This outbreak has potentially catastrophic implications for the whole of the
British livestock industry," said Ben Gill, president of the National Farmers'
Union. Last summer's outbreaks of swine fever and the long-running mad cow
crisis have badly hurt farmers in Britain.

The government Food Standards Agency said Wednesday that transmission of
foot-and-mouth disease to humans is extremely rare, but may be possible if they
are in close contact with an infected animal. It said the disease cannot be
caught by humans eating meat or drinking pasteurized milk.

Agriculture Minister Nick Brown said the outbreak was "potentially a very
serious situation."

Kim Smith, spokeswoman for the United States Department of Agriculture, said
that pork products that had already arrived from Britain were being quarantined
at U.S. ports.

The European Commission said it had banned exports of live animals, meat and
milk from the United Kingdom to Europe until March 1.

The EU said it would review its ban Tuesday at a meeting of the Standing
Veterinary Committee.

The last foot-and-mouth outbreak in Britain occurred in 1981. An outbreak in
1967 led to the slaughter of more than 400,000 animals.

The disease was discovered Monday in 27 pigs at a slaughterhouse in Essex
county, northeast of London. The Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food
said it had spread to a farm near the slaughterhouse.

Veterinary officials were trying to determine the source of the infection, a
process that could take several weeks. The carcasses of more than 1,000 pigs
slaughtered since Monday would be destroyed, slaughterhouse director Paul Cheale
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                               December 16, 2014
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Sligo farmers received (EURO)32,292,718.14 in 2014

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 81

LENGTH: 221 words


FINE Gael Sligo-Leitrim TD, Tony McLoughlin TD, has said that beef and sheep
farmers in Co.Sligo are to receive payments this week, bringing the total amount
of funding received by Sligo farmers this year to (EURO)32,292,718.14.

"Beef and sheep farmers in Sligo are to receive payments this week under the
Beef Genomics Scheme and the Grassland Sheep Scheme. Minister for Agriculture,
Simon Coveney, has announced (EURO)704,160. for Sligo beef farmers and
(EURO)521,347.49 for Sligo sheep farmers.

"This funding will no doubt be welcome in what has been a difficult year for
beef farmers in particular.

"The payments going out this week bring to (EURO)32,292,718.14 the total amount
of funding going to County Sligo farmers this year. This includes Single Farm
Payments, the Agri-Environment Options Scheme I and II (AEOS), the Rural
Environment Protection Scheme (REPS) and the Disadvantaged Area Scheme (DAS).

"Agriculture is the lifeblood of the Co. Sligo economy and this Government is
committed to supporting our farmers. We will continue to provide these crucial
supports for farmers and incentivise increased productivity.

"2015 is set to be a really promising year for farmers with the abolition of
milk quotas in April and the opening up of new markets for Irish beef including
the United States. There is also great potential

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

Rogue Farm Corps seeks to grow a new 'crop' of farmers

BYLINE: Serena Markstrom, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 333 words


Dec. 15--Jonny Steiger got a chance a few years ago to learn about farming
firsthand and decide if it was the life for him through an Oregon program
designed to "grow" a new crop of farmers to feed Americans.

"There's a looming crisis in our farming community where there are not a lot of
young people farming," said Stu O'Neill, executive director of Rogue Farm Corps.
"Young people aren't growing up on the farm anymore."

The average age of farmers in the United States was 57.1 years in 2007, the most
recent federal data available, said Bruce Pokarney, spokesman for the Oregon
Department of Agriculture. Both the Oregon average -- 57.5 years -- and the Lane
County average -- 57.6 years -- were slightly higher than the national.

Rogue Farm Corps started its FarmsNext program to address the need for a new
generation of farmers and ranchers. The program, which offers hands-on training
and classes in sustainable agriculture for aspiring farmers and ranchers, has
proven so promising that it has now expanded to Lane County, with a South
Willamette Valley chapter starting up. And it is getting requests to expand to
other parts of the state.

Steiger, 33, decided after his hands-on internship that farming was indeed the
life for him. He and his partner, Tyson Fehrman, 30, today lease an 87-acre farm
near Jacksonville and are themselves mentoring others through the FarmsNext
program.

"We are training people who want to do what we are already doing," Steiger said.
"We're training our own competitors."

In Lane County, Organic Redneck in Leaburg, Berggren Farm near Walterville and
Deck Family Farm in Junction City are all signing on to the nonprofit Rogue Farm
Corps' internship program.

Each will host one or two unpaid students, who get training, a place to live and
meals as well as a $400 monthly stipend in exchange for their full-time labor.

___ (c)2013 The Register-Guard (Eugene, Ore.) Visit The Register-Guard (Eugene,
Ore.) at www.registerguard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131215-EU-Rogue-Farm-Corps-seeks-to-grow-a-new-crop-of-farmers-20131215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2013 The Register Guard


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 24, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Reverses Decision To End Farming Reports

BYLINE: By WILLIAM NEUMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 504 words


The government is back in the business of counting sheep. And mink and goats and
catfish and lots of other things that are raised on farms.

In an abrupt about-face, the United States Department of Agriculture has decided
to reverse a decision to eliminate dozens of long-standing statistical reports
on a wide range of farming activities, including beekeeping, hop growing and
flower farming. The agency's statistics service said in October that it was
forced by budget constraints to cut the reports and that doing so would save $11
million a year.

That led to an outcry from farm groups that said the information collected by
the agency was essential. Farmers rely on the reports to decide how much to
plant and how many animals to raise; they use the information to persuade
bankers to lend them money and to advocate for other types of government
support.

So now the Agriculture Department has reinstated most of the reports that had
been given the ax. Saved are the reports on trout farming, catfish farming,
floriculture, sheep and goats, bees and honey production and mink farming, among
others.

Mitt Walker, director of the Alabama Catfish Producers, said the sudden switch
was probably ''a result of the outcry from the affected commodities,'' a
reference to farm trade groups.

He said his group had contacted the agency to protest the loss of monthly
reports on the amount of catfish processed and feed deliveries and twice-yearly
reports on the number of catfish raised on farms. ''We explained to them how
critical these reports were to the industry,'' he said.

The U.S.D.A. said in a notice this month that savings obtained by creating a
national operations center to centralize data collection had freed enough money
to keep the reports going. A U.S.D.A. spokesman did not return calls on Friday.

Ann E. George, administrator of the Hop Growers of America, in Moxee, Wash.,
said she had been told there was enough money to continue the reporting through
next September, when the federal fiscal year ends.

In recent years, the hops industry has been paying U.S.D.A. $15,000 a year to
help finance reports on hop stocks and production. In what amounted to an
unexpected gift, the group was told that it would not have to pay the fee this
coming year.

Ms. George said, however, that the group would hold the money in reserve in case
federal funding ran out to keep the reports going in the next fiscal year.

Not all agriculture groups benefited from the sudden change, however.

The agency appeared set to go ahead with plans to eliminate a report on the
nursery industry and to reduce the frequency of reports on potato stockpiles and
the use of farm pesticides and fertilizers.

Reversals of this type are not unusual, although the speed with which the agency
changed course may be. Many U.S.D.A. reports were eliminated in budget-cutting
in 1982, but most were restored a year later.

''It was a nice surprise,'' said Mark Jensen, president of the American Honey
Producers Association and an owner of Smoot Honey in Power, Mont.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A load of catfish ready for processing in Mississippi. The
Alabama Catfish Producers protested the loss of the U.S.D.A. reports.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY JAMES PATTERSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. to Keep A Restriction On Farming

BYLINE: By ANDREW MARTIN

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Amid improving harvest expectations for this year, the United States agriculture
secretary, Ed Schafer, said Tuesday that he would not lift penalties for farmers
who plant crops on land set aside for conservation.

Bakers and livestock owners had mounted an intense lobbying effort to erase the
penalties in order to increase the harvest and lower high crop prices. The
pressure intensified in June after floods washed away farm fields in the
Midwest, leading to fears of a poor harvest.

But Mr. Schafer said recent forecasts indicated a larger crop than had seemed
likely in the days and weeks after the flooding. In addition, he said that corn
prices had plummeted 25 percent from record highs earlier this year, while
soybean prices were down 14 percent.

''We don't feel that the corn and soybean crops will be as bad as we originally
feared,'' he said.

The ruling was a major victory for conservationists and hunting groups, who had
argued that lifting the penalties would have gutted the Conservation Reserve
Program, which pays farmers not to cultivate marginal land. Currently, 34.7
million acres are enrolled in the program, much of it in the Great Plains.

Under the terms of the program, farmers sign contracts for up to a decade or
more. Farmers who terminate the contract must reimburse the government, with
interest and a 25 percent penalty on the total rent payments they received.

''The Conservation Reserve Program is the holy grail of conservation, and we are
pleased that the U.S.D.A. will maintain the program and the benefits that it has
had,'' said Barton James, director of agriculture conservation policy for Ducks
Unlimited, an advocacy group.

But Robb MacKie, president and chief executive of the American Bakers
Association, said that maintaining the penalty would hurt business owners and
consumers who are struggling to pay higher prices for commodities and food.

''It is outrageous that the government is going to pay these folks not to grow
when they want to grow on these acres,'' he said.

The National Pork Producers said the decision would hurt hog farmers who are
struggling to pay for feed. Since the start of the year, farmers have lost $20 a
hog on average because of soaring feed costs, the group calculates.

''We are cutting back our swine herd and production by as much as 10 percent
over the next several months, and even then we will need more acres and more
corn in 2009 to meet the demands of ethanol producers and other users to feed
this smaller herd,'' Bryan Black, the group's president, said in a statement.

In May, responding to demands by livestock producers, Mr. Schafer had announced
the unprecedented step of allowing more than half of the acres enrolled in the
Conservation Reserve Program to be used for hay and grazing, after the
bird-nesting season was completed.

But in explaining Tuesday why he would not go further and lift penalties to
allow farmers to plant on conservation land, the secretary explained that
economic forces were already shrinking the program. In the last 19 months,
farmers have paid their way out of the program to allow 288,726 acres back into
production.

In addition, farmers whose contracts expire in coming years may opt out of the
conservation program, particularly if commodity prices remain high.

The secretary said contracts covering 1.1 million acres will expire in
September, 3.8 million acres the following year, and 4.4 million acres in
September 2010.

Mr. Schafer said he could reconsider his decision depending on crop conditions,
saying that ''we realize we're in a situation that can change rapidly and
quickly.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 26, 2012

Comer Proclaims May Kentucky Beef Month

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 266  words


Agriculture Commissioner James Comer Tuesday proclaimed May as Beef Month in
Kentucky in honor of one of the Commonwealth's most significant agricultural
industries. Comer issued the proclamation in a ceremony in his Frankfort office.

"As one of nearly 40,000 beef cattle producers in Kentucky, I understand the
importance of the industry to the state's economy," Comer said. "Beef cattle
sales accounted for $615 million in cash receipts to Kentucky producers in 2010.
Beef also is an important part of a balanced, healthy diet. I urge all
Kentuckians to join me in commemorating May as Beef Month in Kentucky."

Kentucky is the largest beef cattle state east of the Mississippi River with
nearly 1 million beef cows as of Jan. 1. A 2007 University of Kentucky study
found that the beef industry had a total direct, indirect, and induced economic
impact of more than $1.8 billion.

Comer is founder and owner of James Comer Jr. Farms, a 950-acre beef cattle,
timber and hay farming operation in his native Monroe County. He also co-owns
Comer Land & Cattle Co., a family farming operation, with his father and
brother.

The Kentucky Department of Agriculture helps producers find new markets for
their cattle, conducts beef cattle shows, tracks market prices, and protects
Kentucky's herds from disease. To find out more about the Department's services,
go to www.kyagr.com.

The Kentucky Cattlemen's Association serves as the voice of Kentucky's beef farm
families, provides information and education, and works to enhance producer
profitability. For more information about the KCA, go to www.kycattle.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Harrodsburg Herald


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 28, 1998, Monday, METRO EDITION

U.S. farmers face low prices, more stress

BYLINE: by Charles Abbott REUTERS NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


   WASHINGTON - For American farmers, the new year looks set to bring low grain
and livestock prices, with no rescue from the marketplace or the government for
months to come.

Hog farmers were in the worst spot as 1998 ended. Market prices covered less
than one-third of the cost of raising pigs. Corn, wheat and soybean prices were
bottoming out after a relentless fall from highs hit in the mid-1990s.

Pressure was building for U.S. Congress to provide stronger federal supports in
1999. Lawmakers approved a record $5.9 billion (U.S.) in emergency farm aid in
1998 - proof in the eyes of critics that the 1996 law that deregulated farming
was a big mistake.

"There will be greater volatility (under the new law), and we're seeing it now,"
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said Thursday, referring to the lowest pork
prices in five decades and weak grain prices.

Lawmakers, farm groups and the Bill Clinton administration showed no enthusiasm
for another acrimonious battle over higher crop supports. Instead, there was a
consensus that the federally subsidized crop insurance system should be
strengthened as a safety net for farmers.

"We have more than overwhelming resolve something has to be done about the crop
insurance program after the disaster of 1998," said Mary Kay Thatcher of the
American Farm Bureau Federation, the largest farmers' group in the country.

Drought seared cotton in Texas and the south, hurricanes damaged crops in the
southeast, and the northern plains endured another outbreak of wheat disease in
1998.

Still, farmers harvested the largest soybean crop ever, the second-largest corn
crop and the largest wheat crop this decade, pulling down prices. Meat was also
in oversupply.

Farm income was forecast to fall by 4 to 7 per cent in 1999 to about $55.5
billion, low enough for pockets of stress. Grain and soybean farmers may see
their incomes fall 20 per cent or more, according to government forecasts, with
the largest declines in the northern plains, the corn belt and the Great Lakes
states.

It could be autumn before grain and soybean prices improve. And hog prices will
be slow to strengthen, analysts agreed.

"It's certainly not going to happen in the first half of 1999. There's too many
hogs out there," said Harry Baumes, senior vice-president for agricultural
services of WEFA Inc., a consulting firm.

Market prices for hogs fell below 10 cents a pound in some regions during
December.

Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle scheduled a hearing for Jan. 5, the day
before the Senate convenes, so livestock prices would be on lawmakers' minds.

Agricultural economist Daryll Ray of the University of Tennessee said farmers
"just need to be very conservative in their plans" because a return of rising
grain prices was unlikely. Prices will remain flat or edge higher in the next
year or two, he said.

"There's not a lot on the horizon to generate a lot of optimism," he said.

Analysts said farmers, daunted by mammoth stockpiles worldwide, would plant far
fewer acres of corn, wheat and soybeans in 1999.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                           January 25, 2000, Tuesday

Acland slates US subsidies on lamb meat

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 14

LENGTH: 384 words


Meat New Zealand chairman John Acland says subsidies announced for US lamb
producers are unlikely to boost the competitiveness of US lamb, because the
payments are politically-based.

"The package details suggest they are the outcome of a political negotiation
between the administration and the sheep producers, rather than the result of an
objective analysis," Mr Acland said .

The US has confirmed it will give $ US100 million ($ NZ194 million) assistance
to its sheep farmers, adding weight to New Zealand's view that the US was
illegally protecting its industry.

The assistance is aimed at protecting US sheep farmers from Australasian
competition and ties in with controversial tariffs imposed on lamb imports from
New Zealand and Australia last July.

More than half of the assistance, to be provided over three years, will go
directly to farmers as grants or loans, while the US Department of Agriculture
will also guarantee $ US5 million a year of lamb purchases.

Only $ US5 million has been earmarked for efforts to market and increase demand
for American sheepmeat and boost the US lamb industry's competitive position.

Lamb meat from Australia and New Zealand accounts for approximately 95 per cent
of all lamb imported by the US and the two countries have argued that US
producers are losing ground because they have not kept up with technology.

"Meat New Zealand is opposed to agricultural subsidies. But we have argued all
along that the real problem faced by the US industry is its uncompetitiveness
and need for structural adjustment," Mr Acland said.

The USDA said it would give $ US10 million a year in direct cash payments to
small and medium-sized producers, buy up to $ US5 million of lamb each year for
three years, and spend $ US4 million in the first year on programmes intended to
boost demand for US lamb.

"It is regrettable that the US Government will be spending such a sum on
buying-in product.

"That is not the way to improve quality and competitiveness," Acland said. "This
announcement does not come as a surprise."

The US restricted imports last July after American ranchers complained that
surging shipments of Australian and New Zealand lamb were driving them out of
business. -- NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      November 9, 1999, Tuesday, Edition 1

EU SAID READY TO CHEW ON BEEF DISPUTE WITH U.S.

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 489 words



France wants decks cleared for Seattle round

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The European Union is to outline in ''a few days'' its
proposal for resolving a decade-old beef trade dispute with the United States.

French Agriculture Minister Jean Glavany, speaking yesterday with reporters
after a meeting with his American counterpart, Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman, declined to provide any details on the long-awaited plan, saying that
was the task of European Union officials.

But with the launch of a new round of world trade talks in Seattle just three
weeks away, the U.S. and EU must address the beef dispute - and a second trade
fight over bananas - ''rigorously, so as to avoid polluting the rest of the
negotiations,'' Glavany said.

Glavany was once quoted as saying the United States had the ''worst food in the
world.'' But yesterday, following his third meeting with Glickman since July,
Glavany adopted a conciliatory tone - denying ever having criticized American
food, and going so far as to allow that French food is sometimes ''not so
nice.''

In the 10-year-old beef trade battle, the World Trade Organization gave the U.
S. permission this summer to impose $116.8 million (U.S.) in retaliatory duties
on EU products because of the EU's continued refusal to lift its ban on beef
from cattle raised with artificial growth hormones.

Growth hormones have been approved for use in the U.S. and Canadian cattle
industry for decades.

The U.S. industry has recently indicated interest in replacing the retaliation
with a temporary compensation package from the EU, possibly in the form of
increased market access for U.S. beef from cattle raised without growth
hormones.

As an EU member, France would support whatever the EU proposes to resolve the
beef row, Glavany said.

''It's a few days away, really. As we said, it is important to try to de-
pollute the debate . . . prior to the negotiations in Seattle.''

EU officials have said they would make proposals in both the beef and the banana
dispute before the Seattle meeting.

On another subject, Glavany said recent U.S. approval of a $8.7 billion (U.S.)
aid package for farmers would ''not necessarily'' hurt the U.S. negotiating
position going into the WTO talks.

The issue for those negotiations is not whether countries have a right to
subsidize their farmers, but which types of subsidies are legitimate and which
put a ''negative weight on international trade,'' he said.

Glavany also said European consumers want to be able to choose between more
natural products and food containing such genetically modified varieties that
account for half of U.S. soybean acreage and a third of U.S. corn.

The U.S. has opposed mandatory labelling of food products that would identify
genetically modified ingredients. But the Clinton administration has responded
to rising consumer concerns by reviewing its regulatory system.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday

Ag census: Number of farms increases

BYLINE: Chuck Haga, Grand Forks Herald, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Feb. 4--The number of farms in the United States in 2007 increased by 4 percent
over 2002, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's 2007 Census of
Agriculture, released Wednesday.

The USDA counted 2,204,792 farms in the 2007 census, an exhaustive survey done
every five years that reaches deep into the who, what and where of farming in
America -- disclosing, for example, that Minnesota's farm operators included 507
Hispanics in 2007 ... and one Pacific Islander.

In North Dakota, one of 39 states in which the numbers of farms increased in the
five-year period, the federal agriculture census found 31,970 farms in 2007, an
increase of 4 percent from 30,619 in 2002. Average size decreased about 3
percent, from 1,283 acres to 1,241.

The value of the state's agricultural production topped $6 billion in 2007,
almost twice the figure for 2002, according to the census report.

Farm numbers increased just slightly in Minnesota, to 80,992 in 2007 from 80,839
in 2002. Farm size in Minnesota fell from an average 340 acres to 332 acres, but
the market value of land and buildings jumped from $1,513 per acre to $2,569.

Higher values

Estimated market value for North Dakota farmland and farm buildings per acre
also registered a big leap -- from $404 per acre in 2002 to $771 in 2007.

North Dakota had about 40 million acres of land in farming in 2007, a slight
increase from 2002. Minnesota had about 27 million acres, a drop of about
600,000 since 2002.

Grand Forks County reported 973 farms with an average size of 848 acres, a total
acreage of 825,552. Average value of farmland and buildings in the county was
$1,057 per acre, substantially higher than the state average.

In Polk County, the census found 1,609 farms averaging 684 acres. Total county
farm acreage was 1,099,761 in 2007, and the estimated valuation of farmland and
buildings averaged $1,502 per acre, considerably lower than the Minnesota
average.

Farm numbers nationally have steadily declined since World War II, according to
the USDA, but the 2007 figures seem to indicate a leveling of that trend. Most
of the growth in national farm numbers involved small operations, according to
the census. And while total numbers increased, numbers declined in many
individual sectors, including grains and oilseeds, horticulture, and cattle and
hog operations.

The USDA's 2007 farm census report --http://tinyurl.com/d6lr6r -- is based on
24-page questionnaires sent to every farmer and rancher on record in the United
States. The data collected will help determine funding for extension work, soil
conservation, research and other agriculture-related services.

In addition to affecting government spending and services, the information helps
private industry make decisions on production, distribution, pricing and other
activities.

Aging farmers

Some additional tidbits from the agriculture census:

- The average age of principal farm operators has risen, from 54 in 1997 to just
over 57 in 2007. In Minnesota, the average age has climbed from 51 to just over
55, and in North Dakota it has jumped from 51 1/2  to 56 1/2 .

- The census report documents big hikes in expenses that farmers have faced in
recent years, including outlays for feed, fuel, hired labor, interest and
fertilizer. North Dakota farmers reported spending about $675 million in 2007
for fertilizer, lime and soil conditioners, more than twice what they spent in
2002.

- Fewer than half of the nation's 2.3 million farm operators who list themselves
as "principal operators" declare their primary occupation to be farming. More
than a third say they work 200 days or more a year off the farm.

- Minnesota had 718 organic farms totaling 96,342 acres in 2007.

Reach Haga at (701) 780-1102; (800) 477-6572, ext. 102; or send e-mail to
chaga@gfherald.com

To see more of the Grand Forks Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.grandforks.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Grand Forks Herald, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090204-GF-Ag-census-Number-of-farms-increases-0204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2009 Grand Forks Herald


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          February 24, 1993, Wednesday

COLO. AGRICULTURE EXPECTS OVERALL GAINS FROM NAFTA

BYLINE: JANET DAY; The Denver Post

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 443 words

DATELINE: DENVER


Colorado's cut-flower and onion growers will suffer under the pending North
American free-trade agreement, but most other agricultural industries stand to
profit, the Colorado Department of Agriculture has concluded.

A six-month study of the current agreement that would lift, phase out or alter
tariffs and trade barriers among Canada, the United States and Mexico ound a
generally positive effect on Colorado's agricultural industries.

But factions within those industries hold different opinions about the
agreement's benefits or damages. The agreement, negotiated by the Bush
administration, requires congressional approval and may face renegotiation under
the new Clinton administration.

State officials outlined their findings Monday at the Governor's Agricultural
Outlook Forum held at the Colorado Convention Center.

According to the report, "Colorado is fortunate that most of the agricultural
products we produce will be exported in greater amounts and with less
interference as a result of Nafta."

Like those in other states, industries benefiting the most include corn, wheat,
potatoes and barley, as well as dry beans, livestock and meat - as demand for
those products increases in Mexico, according to Jim Rubingh, marketing director
for the Colorado Department of Agriculture.

Most severely affected likely will be the cut-flower industry, particularly rose
growers, and onion growers and the sugar beet industry, as cheaper Mexican
flowers, onions and cane sugar enter the U.S. market.

Colorado's seasonal produce such as lettuce and melons likely won't be affected
at all because of the difference in growing seasons between Colorado and Mexico,
the report concluded.

"Fortunately for Colorado, most of the things we produce that Mexico buys, we
produce more efficiently and can compete, and with no overlap in the vegetable
seasons, there's no competition there," Mr. Rubingh said.

But vegetable growers could be affected by an expected reduction in the size of
the migrant labor force that comes to Colorado each year to harvest fruits and
vegetables.

The agricultural industry does not speak with one voice when it comes to Nafta.
The Colorado Farm Bureau supports the agreement while the Rocky Mountain Farmers
Union has many concerns. Wheat growers and dairy farmers worry about cheap
Canadian competition because of that country's subsidy programs, while the
domestic floral industry expects to be put out of business by Mexican
competition within 10 years.

"Flowers, sugar, dairy and wool total $ 1 billion in Colorado, and they could be
wiped out by Nafta," said Bill Thompson of the Farmer's Union.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 5, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Staying Organic

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 383 words


If it weren't so dangerous, the chicken fight going on in Congress would be
laughable. Representative Nathan Deal, a Georgia Republican, slipped a paragraph
into a $397 billion spending bill that would allow farmers to give livestock
nonorganic feed but call their meat, eggs and milk "organic" anyway. That would
clearly violate the new United States Department of Agriculture standard.
Specifically, the provision, which was suggested by a Georgia chicken farm that
contributed to Mr. Deal's campaign, prohibits the government from requiring that
organic livestock producers use organic feed.

This is just the kind of provision, inserted at the last minute with Speaker
Dennis Hastert's consent and without debate, that makes you wonder what else
lies hiding in the darkly lit byways of the spending bill, passed by the House
on Feb. 13.

Given the bitter Congressional politics of recent months, Mr. Deal could not
have expected the speed with which a bipartisan coalition formed to attack his
chicken deal, a group that includes fellow Republicans, major food corporations
and the agriculture secretary, Ann Veneman. But then this is exactly the kind of
issue that creates cost-free bipartisanship. Everybody but Mr. Deal gets a
chance to look good.

And yet, his stealth paragraph, threatening as it is, may indirectly aid the
cause of organic agriculture by alarming its Congressional supporters. Senators
Patrick Leahy and Olympia Snowe have introduced legislation, co-sponsored by
more than 50 other senators, that would kill Mr. Deal's provision. And Mr. Leahy
and Representative Ron Kind have announced the creation of an organic caucus,
designed to protect federal organic standards, which took effect last October,
from other assaults.

There is a substantive point to be taken from Mr. Deal's effort to help out a
local chicken farm. Too few farmers are raising organic grain for feed,
especially in a market glutted with heavily subsidized conventional grain. Mr.
Deal's provision became law when the spending bill was signed, and it must be
repealed. Congress should look for ways to stimulate organic grain production
rather than encouraging livestock producers to cop out, thereby confusing
consumers and undoing the years of work it took to create the U.S.D.A.'s organic
standards.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 31, 1990, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid to Farmers Post 1.3% Increase

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 32, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 30


Prices farmers received for raw products increased 1.3 percent from February to
March, raising the overall commodity index 2.7 percent above a year ago, the
Agriculture Department said today.

Higher prices for hogs, eggs, cattle and potatoes were mostly responsible for
the increase from February, the department's Agricultural Statistics Board said
in its preliminary report.

Milk Tumbles

But the report said lower prices for tomatoes, milk and wheat partly offset the
gains for the other commodities. Most prices are mid-March averages, which will
be revised next month.

''Hog and cattle prices moved up sharply from February, while the all-milk price
declined for the second consecutive month,'' the report said. ''Tomatoes
declined sharply from February, but continuing short supplies kept prices well
above normal for this time of year.''

Milk prices had risen to record levels until they tumbled sharply in February,
reflecting production increases.

''Prices of feed grain, food grains and oilseeds were mixed,'' the report said.
''Corn and soybean prices increased slightly, while the wheat price was down.
Hay prices showed a moderate increase from February.''

Department economists say the net cash income of farmers in 1990 may be in the
range of $54 billion to $58 billion, compared with about $53 billion in 1989.
The record was $57.2 billion in 1988.

Consumer food prices are forecast by department economists to rise 3 percent to
5 percent this year after gaining 5.7 percent in 1989, the sharpest rise since
1981.

Livestock and Poultry Up

Based on the preliminary figures, the March price index for livestock and
poultry was up 2.4 percent from February and averaged 7.5 percent more than a
year ago.

Milk prices dropped an additional 60 cents in March to an average of $13.80 for
each l00 pounds. Even so, the preliminary March price was up $1.10 from March
1989.

Over all, crop prices rose eight-tenths of 1 percent from February but were 2.9
percent below the level a year earlier. Fruit prices, led by grapefruit and
oranges, were up 7 percent from February and averaged 6.4 percent more than a
year ago.

The index for commercial vegetables dropped 4.9 percent from February but still
averaged 39 percent more than in March 1989.

The report said that cattle averaged $75.40 for each 100 pounds of live weight
nationally, up from $74.60 in February and $72 in March 1989. Hogs averaged $52
for each 100 pounds, compared with $48.20 in February and $39.30 a year earlier.
Eggs were 79.3 cents a dozen, compared with 70.4 cents in February and 80.1
cents in March 1989.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: index of prices received by farmers, Oct. 1988-Mar. 1990
(Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 21, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

New York Loses 10% of Its Farms in 5 Years

BYLINE: By HAROLD FABER, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 41, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, May 19


A sharp decline in the number of farms in New York State was reported this week
by the United States Census Bureau.

Based on a 1987 enumeration, it said the state had 37,743 farms, down 4,464, or
10.5 percent, from the 42,207 farms counted in 1982.

The amount of land devoted to farming also declined. In 1987, about 8.4 million
acres were reported in farms, down 8.5 percent from 9.2 million in 1982,
according to the census figures.

Much of the decline represents farmers not driven out of business but selling
newly valuable real estate, the state's agricultural commissioner said.

Most of the land taken out of farming was in the 12 counties of southeastern New
York, according to an analysis by Bernard F. Stanton, professor of agricultural
economics at the State College of Agriculture and Life Sciences at Cornell
University.

Second Homes for City Folk

There, he said, land in farms decreased 15.8 percent, twice the state-wide
average, most of it dairy farmland sold for second homes for metropolitan New
Yorkers. The greatest county-wide decline was in Delaware County, where the
number of farms dropped from 1,067 in 1982 to 883 in 1987. In the same period,
the amount of land devoted to farming fell from to 225,000 acres from 297,000, a
24 percent decrease.

Richard T. McGuire, the State Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets, said:
''One conclusion I would not want people to draw is that farmers are going out
of business because of falling income. In an affluent society, real-estate
people are offering farmers lots of money for their land, more than they can
earn by farming.''

As a result, he said, many farmers, particularly those nearing retirement age,
are selling out. He cited a recent survey that showed that only 20 percent of
those giving up farming left because they were losing money.

Over the five-year period, most of the farms that went out of business were
dairy farms. Despite that loss, the largest segment of New York's agriculture is
still its dairy farms. Last year, they produced 11.4 billion pounds of milk,
about 5.4 billion quarts, with a farm value of $1.5 billion.

The continuing decline in New York dairies was reflected in a separate state
report, made public this week, showing that the number of milk cows on New York
farms had dropped to a record low of 822,000 in 1988, 4 percent below the 1987
figure. As of May 1, the number of cows dropped even further, to 802,000, the
lowest number since record-keeping started in 1930.

In New Jersey and Connecticut, neither of which is as heavily dependent on the
dairy industry as New York, the new Federal figures also showed a decline in
dairy farming, but a different pattern of adaptation.

Up 9 Percent in New Jersey

In New Jersey, the number of farms rose 9 percent, from 8,277 in 1982 to 9,032
in 1987, almost all in small farms of less than 50 acres each, operated by
part-timers. Most of them reported sales of less than $2,500 a year.

For Connecticut, the decline over the same five years was 4.5 percent, from
3,734 in 1982 to 3,580 in 1987.

In its data for New York and the other states, the Census Bureau divided farms
into two categories, a total of all with sales of more than $1,000 a year and a
sub-listing of those with more than $10,000. The larger ones could be classified
commercial, the others hobby or part-time farms.

The larger New York farms numbered 20,622, down from 22,936 in 1982. In 1987,
their gross sales totaled $2.39 billion, up slightly from $2.36 billion five
years before. By contrast, the state's 17,121 small farms had total gross sales
of only $50 million.

In New Jersey, the commercial farms were counted at 3,499, with annual gross
sales of $480 million, compared with 3,658 farms with sales of $418 million in
1982.

The Connecticut figure showed a similar drop in farms with an increase in gross
sales. In 1987, there were 1,487 commercial farms in the state, down from 1,590
in 1982, but sales rose to $352 million from $279 million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 20, 1981 Friday

U.S. surveys   indicate drop   in plantings

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 100 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The U.S. Agriculture Department says its surveys
 indicate farmers plan to plant 84 million acres of corn this year and 69.8
 million acres of soybeans.

Both figures are slightly less than planted acreage for those crops
 last year. Most grain analysts were expecting corn plantings to be up as
 much as 6 per cent and soybean plantings to be down 2 per cent.

The department also forecast cotton plantings at 14.5 million acres,
 down 1 per cent from last year. Sorghum plantings are expected to be down
 1 per cent, durum wheat plantings up 11 per cent and peanut plantings up 4
 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Dodge County Independent (Kasson, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 7, 2015

Harvest under way in Dodge, Steele Counties

BYLINE: Dodge County Independent staff

LENGTH: 648  words


The fall harvest season is under way in Dodge and Steele counties with combines
moving through the fields.

As of late last week, most of the harvesting was involving soybeans, although
corn is fast approaching the harvest stage.

Projections have been for near record harvests of both soybeans and corn and, so
far, those projections seem to be accurate. The soybean harvest is now in its
second full week in the area.

"These might be the best soybeans we've ever raised," Dodge County farmer Roger
Toquam said. "We're 10 to 12 bushels higher than the 10-year average."

They are also being harvested earlier than usual. Last week's crop report from
the United States Department of Agriculture reported that 89 percent of the
soybean acreage statewide was dropping leaves or beyond which was eight days
ahead of average and that the actual harvest was 34 percent complete, 10 days
ahead of last year and five days ahead of average.

The first soybeans he harvested, Toquam said, were raised as "seed beans." These
beans, he said, are grown for Monsanto and will be cleaned and dried over the
winter and used for next year's plantings.

He has now begun harvesting the edible beans, most of which will first be taken
to the bins on the farm and ultimately be transported to Mankato and sold.

The Toquam family has about two-thirds of their cropland in corn and one-third
in soybeans, he said.

Harvesting the soybeans, he said, is a little trickier than corn because
"soybean's are very finicky when harvested."

He explained that the beans can't be harvested when there is still dew or
moisture on them so work cannot begin until a couple hours after sunrise when
they have dried off. Again, harvesting must stop in the evening when the
moisture begins to form.

So far, he said, he and his sons have been able to harvest 17 acres an hour.

That's different than corn, which can be harvested 24 hours a day, he said.

No matter the time of day, he said, the growing process, from planting to
harvesting, is becoming highly computerized.

"We record everything we do," he said. During the planting season, different
varieties were planted and these were all mapped by software in the computer.
That mapping continued throughout the growing season and now during harvest, he
said. The mapping is recording the condition and yield of each area of the
field.

After the fall's work is completed, he said, they will overlay the maps on each
other to get the big picture of each field. This information will be used in
planning next year's plantings.

The corn harvest is also beginning with Toquam saying that he anticipates
switching from one to another over the next few weeks. That's not as difficult
as it might seem, he said, depending on the type of equipment a farmer has.

The heads on the combine are bigger for the corn, he said, but he is able to
switch them on his equipment in about an hour. The yield for the corn harvest is
also expected to be good in the southern Minnesota area, he said.

Last week's USDA report said that 67 percent of Minnesota's corn was mature, 10
days ahead of last year and two days ahead of the five-year average.

Corn is considered mature when the moisture content is down to 28 percent,
although farmers prefer not to harvest until it gets below that level. The lower
the moisture content at harvest time, the less it needs to be artificially dried
in bins which results in lower costs to the farmer.

Toquam explained that checking for moisture levels is a simple process as all
corn growers have moisture testers. It simply involves picking several ears of
corn, shelling them by hand and using the testing device to determine moisture
content.

For Toquam, transporting the majority of his corn is a simple matter as most of
it goes to Al-Corn in Claremont where it is processed into ethanol for vehicles
and several by-products including dried distillers grain for feed and corn oil.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DGE

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2015 Dodge County Independent


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday

Benn avoids talk of TB, but backs buying local

SECTION: Pg. 45

LENGTH: 443 words


The 2008 Oxford Farming Conference took place last week at the Examination Halls
in the heart of Oxford with nearly 1500 delegates travelling from all over the
UK and beyond to hear words of wisdom from business champions for farming and
agriculture.

After the official opening by the Chairman of the Oxford Farming Conference,
Julian Sayers, the delegates heard a fascinating speech from Susan Combs who was
the first woman to be elected as Commissioner for Agriculture for Texas. She
gave a really down-to-earth presentation about the issues and problems that are
faced by farming in the United States of America as well as giving her personal
view about some of the barriers which have to be overcome by women who work in
the political world.

The next speaker was Neil Parish MEP, a familiar face to many people in the
North Devon Journal area.  He gave a welcome speech about his work in Brussels
and the issues facing British agriculture today. In particular he highlighted
the serious situation that is being faced by many farmers in our part of the
world arising from the restrictions that are in place because of the
Government's lack of commitment to the eradication of TB from the countryside.

Many people expected the highlight of the conference to be the contribution of
Hilary Benn  MP, Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs,
this being his first farming presentation since he took up his position in June,
2007.  Sadly, many people in the crowd were left wanting more.  Some murmured
that it was long and dull.  However, what was more important, he deliberately
(by his own admission) failed to mention even once the serious issue of TB in
cattle. When challenged at a press conference afterwards he said: "I understand
the depth of frustration felt by people who are affected by this but I am not
going to apologise for the lack of a decision as yet."

Interestingly, Mr Benn chose to speak about the increasing demand for local and
traditional food which I found rather amusing because it seemed very similar to
the points made at the same conference last year by David Miliband, who then
occupied the position now held by Mr Benn.  However, one very positive message
came from the Minister.  He said: "It is up to everyone in the countryside who
is not a farmer to support the industry as well as farmers doing their bit to
help themselves."

So my overall impression was that it was good to see many familiar faces and
many leading figures in the agricultural community at the 2008 conference, but
if you were a delegate and expected to come back filled with inspiration for the
forthcoming year you would have been left wanting.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 17, 1998, Sunday, THREE STAR EDITION

EDUCATIONAL FARMS HELP KEEP AMERICANS LINKED TO THE LAND;
SOME FARMERS ARE AS INTERESTED IN SOWING IDEAS AS THEY ARE CROPS

BYLINE: Paul Bush; The American News Service

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A10

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: KEENE, N.H.


Concerned that even Americans who are descended from farming families may be
three generations away from a personal link to the land, some farmers are trying
to plant seeds of awareness that they hope will contribute to saving the
American farm.

Farmers who run so-called educational farms are just as interested in increasing
public knowledge about farming as they are in sowing crops and raising
livestock.

On a recent morning in Keene, Wendy Sedgwick's third-grade class came to
Stonewall Farm for an education in maple sugaring, and they were certainly
getting it.

One girl staggered as she tried to stand up under the weight of an old-fashioned
shoulder yoke used for carrying buckets. A few yards away, a boy assigned to
stack firewood grumbled about the chore.

Tim Jackson, 9, enthusiastically recounted what he had learned about how
American Indians made syrup, prompting teacher Sedgwick to remark: "It's
amazing. If he'd read that, it would go right through him. But he experienced
it."

Stonewall Farm, like a growing number of farms around the United States, has
been converted to educate the public about agriculture and the environment.
Today, its dairy barn, where 44 Holstein cows are still milked morning and
evening, looks small compared with the farm's new education center.

"Twenty years ago, agricultural education meant vocational training, teaching
young people how to farm," said Kully Mindemann, Stonewall Farm's executive
director. "But in the last 10 years or so, there's been a movement of
agricultural education to bring the nonfarming public out to the farm - doing
awareness, not training."

Educational farms take a variety of forms. Twenty miles east of the White House
in Washington, Claggett Farm of Upper Marlboro, Md., focuses on how agriculture
affects Chesapeake Bay. It offers its roughly 2,500 annual visitors three-day
programs that begin on the farm and its salt marshes, before they go out to the
bay on a fishing boat.

In Fox, Ark., the Humane Society of the United States operates 300-acre
Meadowcreek Farm in the Ozark Mountains. The goal is to show its 400 visitors a
year - primarily college students, community leaders and other farmers -
alternatives to the intensive confinement of animals used by so-called factory
farms.

"We have an interest in farm animals and their treatment," said Gary Valen, the
Humane Society's director of sustainable agriculture. "But you can't just tell
people to treat animals humanely; you need to show them."

The farm education movement in part has been a response to what some view as the
drastic loss of farmland to rapid residential development and the
suburbanization of rural areas.

Between 1982 and 1992, the most recent years for which statistics are available,
the U.S. Department of Agriculture found that cropland decreased by 9 percent
and rangeland decreased by 2.4 percent while developed land increased by 19
percent.

"Every year over the last eight or 10 years, the number of calls I get from
farms wanting to do this kind of thing has doubled," said Stacy Miller, a
longtime staff member at Drumlin Farm in Lincoln, Mass., which is possibly the
oldest educational farm in the United States. Founded in 1955, Drumlin is
operated by the Massachusetts Audubon Society.

Educational farms are usually run as nonprofit organizations, relying on
admission fees or donations to cover operating costs. Some have programs that
focus on showing the public how farms work, from the first planting to the last
harvest. Others present a broader range of educa tional activities such as
science projects investigating pollution.

Stonewall Farm gives visiting school groups terrariums containing a manure "cow
pie." As part of classroom participation in the regional Monadnock Cow Pie
Conference curriculum, students observe and make records of the cow pie's
decomposition. Next year, participating classes will convene at the farm for the
Cow Pie Conference to present their findings "just like real scientists," said
Mindemann.

Along with hands-on education, the goal of educational farms is to help the
public understand where their food comes from and why farming is important.

This is needed, said Debbie Cavallaro, program manager at Kensington Farm Center
in Milford, Mich., because Americans no longer have the in timate connection
with agriculture that they once did.

"A lot of people have never set foot in a barn. We're three generations removed
from farming," said Cavallaro.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               November 11, 1998

Sewel pledge to fight reforms

SECTION: Farming, Pg.18

LENGTH: 420 words


THE Scottish Agriculture Minister pledged yesterday to fight proposals to impose
payment ceilings and labour unit penalties in the current Agenda 2000 proposals
for reform of the Common Agricultural Policy.

Speaking at the Crops Scottish conference at Perth, Lord Sewel said the
Government was aware of some dangers for Scottish farmers in the detail of the
proposals but was working hard to ensure they were not reflected in the final
agreement.

"Both the payment ceiling and the labour penalties would favour the small, less
efficient farms in other member states and disadvantage our farmers," he said.
"For that reason we are not prepared to accept them as they stand and we have
made - and will continue to make - that clear to the Commission. We do not have
the power of veto but we are not on our own several other member states are also
strongly opposed."

But the main thrust of Lord Sewel's message yesterday - that farmers must raise
their sights from the present crisis in the industry to what he believes will be
a brighter future in perhaps five or six years' time - was not a message many
wanted to hear.

He underlined Government support for the industry but ruled out the prospect of
"some five-year blueprint", saying it was up to individual farmers to decide how
best they could secure their own long-term future.

Government would do what it can to help, but history suggested that whenever
Government tried to manage the individual actions of individual businesses, they
got it wrong. "There are no easy answers to the challenges facing Scottish
farming but that is no reason for depression," he said. The message cut no ice
with Aberdeenshire farmer and chairman of Scottish Quality Cereals, David Jack,
who said the Minister was deluding himself if he thought that farmers were not
seriously depressed and that they could "go on living on warm words".

"The Minister asks us to look ahead to better times five years or so down the
line but working farmers are depressed because they can't see the way forward
for the next few months, let alone years," he said. "Large parts of our industry
may not survive to look at re-structuring and new trading regimes. We need some
sort of signal from the Minister to point a way through."

Adding that America had already abandoned its freedom to farm scheme, Mr Jack
said Government officials there were responding to farmers' appeals for
short-term aid.

nLord Sewel, left, is welcomed to the conference yesterday by chairman Barclay
Forrest

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             October 5, 2012 Friday

Kiwi first at farmer forum

BYLINE: Tim Cronshaw

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 444 words


Methven farmer Craige Mackenzie will become the first New Zealander to sit
alongside the world's best farmers on the Global Farmer Roundtable in the United
States later this month.

The meeting at Des Moines, Iowa will be opened by US assistant secretary of
state Jose Fernandez, who sits under chief secretary Hillary Clinton.

The farmers have been assembled to close the increasing food and nutritional gap
in the world. They will be expected to share tools, technologies and strategies
to maximise the productivity and profitability of farming in the next five to 10
years.

This is a subject close to the heart of Mackenzie who, as a cropping and dairy
farmer, has taken on some of the most sophisticated technology available to
farmers at his operation and runs a business, Agri Optics, in precision
agriculture

Mackenzie said it had been a privilege to be invited to the meeting and he was
looking forward to picking up new technology from other farmers.

The meeting would open doors to help New Zealand lift agriculture trade and
generate new farming contacts, he said.

"If you don't get the opportunity to sit around the Global Farmer Roundtable you
don't get to see what other people are doing around the world. It will be
interesting to see what is going on around the world that we don't know about
and how it fits together."

Mackenzie will renew contacts with Hans Johr, head of corporate agriculture with
Nestle, who visited his farm last year.

He said coffee was grown in tough places and agriculture could learn from
different crops about how to improve production.

Farming technology was limited only by the imagination of innovators, he said.

Mackenzie spoke at the International Precision Agriculture Conference in Indiana
last July.

"When we look around the world in precision agriculture we are up with the rest
of the world. New Zealand farmers are as good as anywhere else in the world and
we need to maintain this knowledge. This meeting is an opportunity to bring back
more knowledge."

The Methven farmer, a Nuffield scholar, has taken on innovations such as crop
sensors and variable rate technology and returned from overseas with electro-
magnetic mapping for soils - only in its infancy in New Zealand - to add this to
his family's Agri Optics business. Much of this technology can be found in
arable and dairy farming today.

He and his wife Roz will also attend the World Food Prize/Borlaug Dialogue
Symposium which has previously attracted 1000 visitors from more than 65
countries and is recognised as the premier conference in the world for global
agriculture.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Innovator: Craige Mackenzie is keen on new farm techniques.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 5, 1990, Tuesday

SUSAN BUCHANAN'S CRB FUTURES OUTLOOK

BYLINE: Susan Buchanan

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 582 words


DURING MAY, THE CRB FUTURES PRICE INDEX rose to 247.8, the best level in
fourteen months.

The increase was led by higher prices for grains, oilseeds and livestock, though
most of those markets later retreated. The soft commodities group raced higher
and then fell, while the precious metals and industrials firmed up. The utures
index ended the month lower at 241.56.

In early May, the grains and oilseeds groups advanced to levels not seen since
last summer. July soybeans rocketed to $ 6.72 a bushel on heavy fund and
professional buying, based mainly on ideas that delayed Brazilian and Argentine
soy exports would bring business to the United States. However, as Brazil's
export program picked up, and as some traders were disappointed when the U.S.
Department of Agriculture left its soybean numbers unchanged in the May
supply-demand report, futures retreated. Soyoil prices rose to new highs in May
and held most of those gains, because of strong domestic demand and a drawdown
in stocks.

Corn prices climbed to new contract highs, as a good export pace and slow farmer
selling boosted the cash basis. Large corn sales to the Soviet Union this season
kept export loadings active. Rain-induced planting delays in the Midwest also
bolstered the corn market. Wheat prices advanced mid-month on tightness in
old-crop supplies, only to plunge to new lows as the winter wheat harvest began.

Live hog futures rose to an eight-year high, as slaughters were running 4
percent behind the year-earlier level. Hog supplies remained tight, while retail
demand for pork was good. In bellies, active demand and drawdowns in stocks
allowed prices to register new highs. Cattle prices, influenced by low
slaughters and good packer demand, advanced sharply early in the month.

In the softs group, cocoa futures rocketed to a 14-month high as strikes spread
in the Ivory Coast, raising the possibility of disruptions to cocoa exports.
Coffee futures advanced in late May with cool weather in Brazil, a planned
strike at the Port of Santos and Ivorian tensions. However, sugar prices fell
sharply during the month on evidence that crops in some countries were larger
than had been expected. Also, sugar prices had been too high for some developing
countries, which are importers, to pay.

The industrials group worked a bit higher, as increases in cotton and copper
prices offset declines in crude oil. In cotton, good mill use, strong exports
and tightening inventories pushed futures prices to a six-year high. Fears of a
supply squeeze in London, combined with mine strikes in Peru and New Guinea and
U.S. labor negotiations, sent copper futures to new highs.

Lumber futu res advanced, partly because some of the national forest in the
Pacific Northwest is to be set aside as northern owl habitat. Plentiful oil
supplies caused crude prices to retreat late in the month, but a rally in
gasoline futures blunted crude's losses.

The precious metals group strengthened in late May, as platinum worked higher on
a favorable outlook for industrial use and as silver gained. But later, gold
prices plunged to new contract lows with a large Saudi sale of physicals, and
silver and platinum came under some pressure. A rise of only 0.2 percent in
April's consumer prices, higher interest rates abroad, and concerns about
sluggish Japanese demand for precious metals were bearish for the complex. Also
negative were fresh reports of Soviet sales of gold to pay exporters owed for
grain.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH COLUMN

EDITOR-NOTE: Susan Buchanan's CRB FUTURES OUTLOOK

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   January 14, 1998, Wednesday, METRO EDITION

U.S. eyes wheat board probe Fears Canadian growers have unfair advantage

BYLINE: By Kathleen Kenna TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 187 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


   WASHINGTON - The U.S. government is poised to demand an audit of the Canadian
Wheat Board because American grain growers fear they are victims of unfair trade
practices, Canadian Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief warns.

An official audit hasn't been requested yet but, after private meetings
yesterday with U.S. officials, such a demand appears likely, Vanclief told
reporters.

The last time the Americans demanded an independent examination of the wheat
board was in 1993 and it cost $200,000 - paid jointly by the two governments -
before it was determined Canadian wheat producers did not have a trade
advantage, he said.

The years-old wheat dispute has grown ugly in the past, including a blustery
threat in 1994 by North Dakota Senator Kent Conrad, who suggested 300 nuclear
missiles planted in his wheat-producing state should be re-aimed to target
Canada.

The two agriculture chiefs announced they expect to sign a deal within 30 days
on a pilot project allowing American wheat to be shipped directly to about 50
grain elevators in Manitoba, Alberta and Saskatchewan, Vanclief said.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Heatwave hits US harvest;
COTTON PICKING

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 348 words


DECLAN O'BRIEN FORECASTS of a record harvest across the American corn-belt this
year may be overstated as searing temperatures appear to have taken their toll
on crops.

Agronomists touring the American Midwest report that the ongoing heatwave across
the American plains is impacting on crops.

"It [the crop] looks a lot better from the road than... in the field," said Matt
Bennett, an Illinois-based consultant.

He noted plant-health problems and the high presence in Nebraska of "green
snap", a phenomenon where corn stalks break from high winds during rapidgrowth
stages.

"In my opinion, the Nebraska crop has been overstated," Mr Bennett said.

High daytime temperatures and hot, humid nights caused corn ears to lose
kernels, explained Brian Bush, an agronomist for Dupont's Pioneer seed division.
The fact that in-field conditions are less favourable than crop appearances from
the roadside may account for the disparity with United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) reports, and its more positive outlook for the US harvest.

Recent price activity indicates traders are already skeptical of the USDA
harvest forecast. Corn futures in Chicago have risen as much as 3.8pc over the
last fortnight. Any reduction in the actual US harvest from the forecast levels
would be a welcome development for Irish grain growers.

European grain prices have recovered (EURO)10 per tonne from the market lows of
early July. Traders are now waiting for the maize harvest to begin in the US and
Ukraine to see if the forecast bumper yields actually materialise.

Meanwhile, the disastrous harvest in France has prompted fears of milling wheat
shortages in Western Europe, according to the London-based International Grain
Council (IGC).

"The past month has seen escalating concerns about availabilities of milling
grades," it said.

France, the EU's biggest wheat grower, may boost trading with Germany as it
seeks higher-quality wheat, according to Guido Seedler, a representative of
Germany's Deutscher Raiffeisenverband. In return, Germany may look to import
more lower-level grain to feed animals, he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A John Deere cotton picker carries a finished module while another
machine continues to harvest crops at Legacy Farms in Texas. The United States
Department of Agriculture estimates US export sales of 18,500 bales for cotton
in 2017-2018. PHOTOGRAPHER: EDDIE SEAL/ BLOOMBERG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            April 23, 2009 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SLOW FOOD BRINGS A TASTING OF BIODYNAMIC WINES TO LIDIA'S

BYLINE: Elizabeth Downer

SECTION: FOOD; TASTINGS; Pg. E-2

LENGTH: 525 words


Inspired by the awesome wine tasting opportunities offered by the Pittsburgh
Wine Festival next Thursday, the local chapter of Slow Food, an international
organization that promotes local and sustainable agriculture, is hosting a
tasting of biodynamic wines at Lidia's restaurant in the Strip District at 6
p.m. Tuesday.

Slow Food Pittsburgh is partnering with the Pennsylvania Association for
Sustainable Agriculture on the tasting. Biodynamic wines are not new but they
are becoming more numerous and more appreciated. In blind tastings by wine
professionals, biodynamic bottles often score higher than their siblings made
from non-bio grapes.

Biodynamic means farming in an organic, contained and self-sustaining system
under principles developed in the 1920s by Austrian educator Rudolf Steiner, who
viewed the farm as a living organism. Biodynamic farming is regenerative and
dependent on interactivity with other crops, trees, animals and insects.

Energy radiating from the moon, stars and planets also plays a role. It is this
idea that farming should be attuned to the spiritual forces of the cosmos that
distinguishes biodynamic agriculture from other forms of organic or sustainable
farming. All wines with a biodynamic certification will have a Demeter logo on
the back label. Demeter is the biodynamic trade association that oversees this
process worldwide.

The Slow Food tasting is an opportunity to try some exceptional wines from
renowned vineyards in Europe and the United States and from a variety of grapes.

The wines are:

* Pacific Rim Wallula Vineyard Riesling 2007 from Washington state. This wine
was named one of the Best 100 Wines of 2008 by the San Francisco Chronicle.

* Grgich Hills Napa Valley Chardonnay 2006. Legendary winemaker Mike Grgich has
transformed his entire 366-acre vineyard using the biodynamic process.

* Coulee de Serrant Clos de Bergerie 2004. This iconic chenin blanc from the
Loire Valley in France comes from Nicholas Joly, considered a guiding voice for
the biodynamic movement.

* Robert Simskey Vineyard POV Napa Valley Red 2005. A traditional Bordeaux blend
from California that outperformed more costly competitors in the San Francisco
Chronicle tasting of 75 California Bordeaux-style wines.

* Crozes Hermitage Les Varonniers 2004 from the Northern Rhone Valley of France.
Made from 100-percent syrah, this wine received 90 to 92 points from Robert
Parker.

* Leone de Castris Donna Lisa Riserva 2000. Made in the Salice Salentino region
of Italy, this wine is 90-percent negro amaro and 10-percent malvasia nera
grapes. It was awarded the coveted "Tre Bicchiere" (three glasses) by Gambero
Rosso Wine Journal in Italy.

* Napa Valley's Quintessa vineyard will pour the just-released Quintessa 2006, a
Bordeaux blend. It is the winery's "showcase" wine, reserved for VIPs at the
Pittsburgh Wine Festival.

*

The wines will be paired with a special buffet of hors d'oeuvres prepared by
Lidia's Chef Eric Wallace. Cost is $45 for members and $55 for nonmembers.

To reserve, contact neemes@aol.com or call 412-343-7354 and send a check to Jack
Neemes, 265 Morrison Drive., Pittsburgh, Pa., 15216.

Reservations are limited.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Elizabeth Downer can be reached at edowner@post-gazette.com/

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

376 Vermont sheep ordered destroyed

SECTION: News; C11

LENGTH: 94 words


The U.S. Agriculture Department yesterday ordered 376 imported sheep to be
destroyed after tests showed they might be infected with a sheep equivalent of
mad cow disease. Tests of four slaughtered sheep found evidence of a version of
bovine spongiform encephalopathy, the scientific name for the always-fatal mad
cow disease, officials said. The tests mean the animals could have had the same
disease that killed 53 people and devastated the beef industry in Great Britain
in 1995. The order affects two flocks of sheep in Greensboro and East Warren.


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 11, 2010

USDA issues ACRE payments

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 244  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has started issuing an estimated $420 million
in 2009 crop Average Crop Revenue Election (ACRE) payments to producers enrolled
in the ACRE program.

"These payments are an important part of the farm safety net because they help
protect the farmers who provide America and the world with a reliable stream of
food and commodities by buffering them from the effects of revenue declines,"
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said.

In order for producers to receive ACRE payments, revenue triggers for a
commodity must be met on both a state and farm basis. The Food, Conservation,
and

Energy Act of 2008 (2008 Farm Bill) requires 2009 ACRE payments be made as soon
as practicable following the end of the marketing year, but no earlier than

Oct. 1, 2010. Of the $420 million in payments, about 70 percent are expected to
be issued to wheat producers and 23 percent to corn producers. About 80 percent
of the payments are expected to be issued to producers in Oklahoma, Washington,
Illinois, South Dakota, Idaho and

North Dakota.

A list of state payment rates for the 2009 crops of barley, corn, dry peas,
lentils, oats, peanuts, grain sorghum, soybeans, upland cotton and wheat is
available at www.go.usa.gov/CCS.

State payment rates for other commodities will be determined after the 2009-10
marketing year average price is published.

For more information on the ACRE program, visit the local FSA office or the
website at www.fsa. usda.gov/dcp.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Value Added Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 The Othello Outlook


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                     May 8, 1999 Saturday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Archer Daniels to pay more for organic soybeans

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. D02, Agriculture

LENGTH: 94 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO - Archer Daniels Midland Co. will pay U.S. farmers a premium for
non-genetically modified soybeans in an attempt to satisfy its European
customers, the company's senior vice president said yesterday. ADM will pay
farmers near its Decatur, Ill. headquarters an extra 18 cents (US) per bushel
for soybeans grown with a specific, non-altered seed, said Martin Andreas,
senior vice president. STS seeds are produced by DuPont Co. In this way, ADM
hopes to offer European customers, who are squeamish about genetically-modified
crops, an alternative.

LOAD-DATE: May 08, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Brief

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           November 6, 2003 Thursday

Farm experts expect flux; Panel foresees wild swings in 2004 prices for
producers

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: PLATTEVILLE, Wis.


Farming could see wild swings in commodity prices during the next year.

A panel of experts offered a glimpse at what lies ahead during the Ag Lenders'
Seminar in Platteville Tuesday.

Here are their outlooks for the farm economy in 2004:

* Crops : Markets are "wild," said University of Wisconsin-Platteville
agribusiness professor Kevin Bernhardt. The wide swings in prices are offering
farmers some pricing opportunities, he said.

Although the United States produced a record large corn crop this year, tight
world supplies should lend some support to prices, Bernhardt said.

Projections from the U.S. Department of Agriculture place average prices in the
range of $$ @1.90 to $$ @2.30 per bushel. Iowa State University agricultural
economist Robert Wisner forecasts prices in the $$ @2.05 to $$ @2.35 range,
while University of Illinois grain marketing specialist Darrel Good expects
prices from $$ @1.90 to $$ @2.50.

Soybean prices, meanwhile, soared this fall, but an expected large 2004
Brazilian crop may keep a lid on prices next year, Wisner said. As a result,
soybean prices may peak between now and the end of 2003.

For the year ahead, the agriculture department forecasts prices will average
from $$ @6.05 to $$ @6.95 per bushel. Wisner predicted a range of $$ @6.30 to $$
@7.30.

* Beef : cattle prices should remain strong in 2004. Bernhardt said the
agriculture department forecasts prices of $$ @79 to $$ @84 per hundredweight,
while Iowa State University projections call for prices to hold in the high $$
@80s to low $$ @90s.

* Pork : heavy supplies will probably keep pressure on hog prices, Bernhardt
said. Hog prices are expected to range from about $$ @37 to $$ @42 per
hundredweight.

* Milk : University of Wisconsin-Madison economist Robert Cropp predicted a
modest improvement in prices for 2004.

Average farm milk prices should range from $$ @13.30 to $$ @13.40 per
hundredweight, compared to an expected 2003 average of $$ @13, he said.

* Farm land values : University of Wisconsin-Madison economist Bruce Jones said
the meteoric rise in Wisconsin farm land values of recent years will eventually
see a correction. Between 1996 and 2001, southwest Wisconsin farm land values
grew 12.3 percent annually, comparable to the statewide average.

Iowa and Illinois land values should see continued growth in the years ahead,
Jones said.

* Farm policy : Brad Pfaff, Senior Policy Advisor for Rep. Ron Kind, D- Wis.,
said a growing federal budget deficit could threaten farm program spending. The
Congressional Budget Office projects a $$ @480 billion deficit in 2004, he said.

In the 2002 Farm Bill, Congress committed $$ @274 billion in agriculture
spending during a six-year span.

Pfaff also said the United States may have to alter farm policy to satisfy World
Trade Organization commitments, too. Domestic farm subsidies could come under
pressure during trade talks.

Pfaff said it was unlikely lawmakers would abandon farmers, though.

"I think the commitment is there in Congress to continue spending the money for
the Farm Bill," he said.

The annual event is hosted by extension services in Wisconsin, Illinois and
Iowa.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 26, 1985 Saturday

Cattle on U.S. feedlots increase 7%

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Dow Jones Service
    WASHINGTON  - The U.S. Agriculture Department, in a separate quarterly
 report for 13 states, said cattle on feedlots in the United States were
 10.6 million head as of Jan. 1, a 7 per cent increase over the previous
 year.

The feedlot inventory included 6.8 million steers and steer calves, up
 4 per cent from a year earlier.

Placement of cattle and calves on feed in the 13 states in the 1984
 fourth quarter totalled 7.6 million head, a 4 per cent increase over the
 1983 quarter. Marketings of feed cattle for slaughter were 5.5 million
 head in the quarter, a 1 per cent increase from a year earlier.

In another report on farm crop harvests during 1984, the department
 said corn production was estimated at 7.65 billion bushels, 83 per cent
 above the 1983 total. The 1983 harvest was drastically curtailed by
 drought and the Government's Payment-In-Kind program for reducing
 production.

All wheat output in 1984 was 2.6 billion bushels, up 7 per cent from
 1983 and 1984 soybean production was estimated at 1.86 billion bushels, 14
 per cent higher than in 1983.

The department estimated 1984 cotton production at 13.3 million bales,
 71 per cent higher than the previous year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2014

Van Regenmorter family to be honored at Iowa State Fair

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 360  words


DES MOINES -- The Van Regenmorter family of Inwood will be recognized as one of
six recipients of The Way We Live Award at the 2014 Iowa State Fair. The family
will be honored in an award ceremony Sunday, Aug. 10, at 10:30 a.m. on the
Christensen Farms Stage in the Paul R. Knapp Animal Learning Center.

The Way We Live Award recognizes Iowa families for their hard work and love of
farming. The families each exemplify dedication to animal agriculture and strong
farm values. Each entrant was asked to submit a short essay describing how the
occupation of farming and living on a farm has shaped their lives. Six families
out of 38 entries from a variety of commodities and areas in Iowa were chosen.

Chad and Jody Van Regenmorter and their two daughters, Rebecca, 16, and Emily,
13, farm approximately 1,800 acres of corn, soybeans and oats, and manage a
160-sow farrow operation. The farm has been in their family for three
generations beginning in the 1950s when Chad's grandfather began raising
poultry. Chad's father and brother also work on the family farm or at the
family-owned service station.

Active in their community, Chad and Jody have been members of Farm Bureau, Corn
Growers Association and Pork Producers Association as well as several church
groups. They have served in many leadership positions on numerous county and
state boards and are active advocates of educational advancements of agriculture
. When their daughters are away from the farm, Rebecca and Emily both attend
West Lyon Community Schools and are active in 4-H. Rebecca also serves on the
county council and participates in FFA. They will both show hogs at this year's
county fair.

The Van Regenmorter family will receive a prize package including $250 cash,
fair tickets, free parking and recognition in the Paul R. Knapp Animal Learning
Center during the fair. The Way We Live Award is sponsored by WHO NewsRadio 1040
and Tractor Supply Co.

"Nothing Compares" to the 2014 Iowa State Fair is Aug. 7-17. The fairgrounds are
located at East 30th and East University Avenue, just 10 minutes east of
downtown Des Moines. For more information, call 800/545-FAIR or visit
iowastatefair.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 West Lyon Herald


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 10, 1981 Saturday

Corn harvest   in U.S. likely   to set record

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 156 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The U.S. Department of Agriculture forecasts this
 year's corn harvest in the United States at a record 8.08 billion bushels.

The prediction is 22 per cent higher than last year's drought-damaged
 crop and 2 per cent higher than the previous record set in 1979.

The figure is slightly above the expectation of most private grain
 analysts.

Also, in its monthly crop report, the department forecast soybean
 production will hit 2.11 billion bushels - the second-largest crop on
 record. The soybean harvest, if the forecast is correct, would be 18 per
 cent larger than last year's crop and 1 per cent larger than the
 department's forecast last month.

The department left unchanged its forecast for cotton production at
 15.5 million bales, 39 per cent larger than last year.

In its first forecast for the U.S. orange harvest, the department
 predicted orange production of 221 million boxes, down 10 per cent from
 the last harvest.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 9, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Organic Farming, Seeking the Mainstream

BYLINE: By BARNABY J. FEDER

SECTION: Section 3; Page 1; Column 1; Money and Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 2616 words

DATELINE: KUTZTOWN, Pa.


THE Rodale Institute's 330-acre research farm here got something it prefers to a
bumper crop when a record drought struck eastern Pennsylvania last year.

Rodale plants crops with the goal of harvesting evidence that organic farming
should be the wave of the future in agriculture. After the drought last summer,
Rodale's parched organic plots yielded 24 to 30 bushels of soybeans an acre,
well below the 40-bushel average of previous years for the research site, but
Rodale could not have been happier. That was because yields on comparison plots
just next to them that had been doused year after year with synthetic
fertilizers and conventional farm chemicals had plummeted to 16 bushels.

"These are very significant findings for farmers around the world," exulted Jeff
Moyer, Rodale's farm manager. "Our trials show that improving the quality of the
soil through organic processes can mean the difference between a harvest or
hardship in times of drought."

The results last year also reinforced long-term comparisons, begun by Rodale in
1981, that document how organic farming can be more profitable for small farmers
-- even if yields are not always as high and, by some calculations, even without
the premium prices that organic crops generally receive.

Good research news from bad weather. Sales growing faster than any other segment
of the food industry. Consumer fears about biotechnology spurring interest. Low
prices for commodity crops encouraging conventional farmers to take the organic
plunge. Add it all up and there has never been a more receptive moment for
organic farming.

So is the organic movement finally on track to becoming the mainstream
enterprise that Rodale and other advocates have long envisioned? Hardly.
Organics are starting from such a small base in the United States -- an
estimated one-fifth of 1 percent of farmland and 1 percent of retail sales --
that it would take years of mind-boggling growth to gain a truly substantial
share of the retail food sector, which the Department of Agriculture put at $756
billion in 1998.

Such growth is almost inconceivable, say agricultural economists and even many
people in the organic movement. One reason is the many challenges of farming
organically; another is the heavy investment in current farming methods. Perhaps
most important, though, is the deep-seated suspicion of many organic farmers and
consumers about anything that smacks of big business.

"Getting to 5 percent of food sales in 10 years would be miraculous," said
Katherine DiMatteo, director of the Organic Trade Association in Greenfield,
Mass. Many farmers, she and others said, will advertise organic practices, like
not using pesticides, and siphon off potential organic customers without making
the commitment to having their products comply with the certification
requirements of monitoring groups.

If the industry is not on track to achieving market power, it is winning respect
-- and that alone is something of a revolution in agriculture. From the 1950's
to the early 1990's, farming without chemicals was widely derided in the United
States as the province of hobbyists, the health-obsessed and misty-eyed urban
and suburban refugees pursuing romantic dreams of rural life.

"It's not a niche market anymore in terms of consumer interest," said Harvey
Hartman, a market researcher and retail industry consultant in Seattle. Surveys
by his company, the Hartman Group, found last fall that 90 percent of American
consumers were either buying organic products or considering doing so, up from
60 percent two years earlier.

Interest is stronger still in Europe and Japan, where fears are running high
about the use of growth hormones, antibiotics, pesticides and genetic
engineering in conventional agriculture. Sweden, one of several European
countries that subsidize farmers in switching to organic methods, has set a goal
of converting 20 percent of its farm acreage to organic farming by 2005.

In the United States, back-to-the-earth neophytes continue to set up organic
farms, making organics the only sector of agriculture that is attracting new
blood. But thousands of conventional farmers are also weighing the risks and
benefits of heading down the organic path, lured by premium prices that are
averaging 20 percent above those for conventional crops and sometimes many times
more.

"Farmers have been losing money in conventional agriculture, and organic is
looking profitable," said Mark Ritchie, director of the Institute for
Agriculture and Trade Policy in Minneapolis. But the farmers who are making the
switch are more of a trickle than a flood.

ONE barrier may be the new national standards that the Agriculture Department is
proposing for the industry. The aim is to overcome the consumer confusion caused
by having more than 40 different private and state groups, often with
conflicting rules, certifying which products are organic. But the proposed
national standard is so restrictive -- at the industry's own insistence -- that
Ms. DiMatteo and other experts contend that some farmers now selling "organic"
products may no longer qualify.

Other hurdles are deeply rooted. "Everything in agriculture has been built
around a simplified rotation of one or two crops," said Rich Welsh, an
agriculture economist and rural sociologist at the Henry A. Wallace Institute in
Beltsville, Md. To grow more crops in rotation -- a requirement for organic
certification -- farmers would need to develop an array of new markets and
systems for storing and distributing their products.

Labor could also be a barrier to growth, at least in the United States. Rapid
expansion could leave the industry short of qualified inspectors to certify
organic products. And many organic crops require periodic weeding by hand or
other labor-intensive care.

"When we got started, we thought it was a good thing that it needs more people,"
said Thomas Beddard, of Chambersburg, Pa., who started Lady Moon Farm with his
wife 14 years ago. Now, having become the East Coast's biggest organic vegetable
grower, with 400 acres split between Florida and Pennsylvania, he frets about
the consequences of his success.

"It's clear we are reliant on poor immigrants and that the work is brutal," Mr.
Beddard said.

Perhaps the biggest barrier is the difficult transition from conventional to
organic production. When they stop using chemicals on their land, farmers
initially get sharply reduced yields. Research by Rodale and others shows that
it takes three to five years for organic soil to be built up to high fertility
levels and perhaps longer for farmers to learn how to deal with the weed, pest
and disease problems they have to confront without chemical help. During the
first three years, under nearly universal certification rules, the crop cannot
be labeled as organic unless it is grown on previously unfarmed land, meaning
that the farmer cannot sell it for a premium price. Some farmers also struggle
to figure out how to market their crops.

"One of the hardest things about the organic industry is getting the information
you need to get into it," said Gary Reding, a fifth-generation Indiana farmer
who is converting 250 of his farm's 600 acres to organics.

For all the hurdles, experts say, organics could easily achieve an influential
share of 10 percent or more in some parts of the industry. In fact, they already
account for nearly one-third of all herb production, according to the
Agriculture Department, and high percentages of specialty grains and vegetables.

More important, although once dismissed as clownish, negligent farming, the
organic movement is now seen as an innovative standard setter that is pulling
all of conventional agriculture toward higher environmental standards and more
sustainable practices. This year, for the first time, the Agriculture Department
has budgeted $5.5 million specifically for organics research; state universities
are scrambling to get their extension agents, who advise farmers, up to speed.

"The trend is to adopt a lot of organic practices in conventional agriculture,"
said John Diener, who has put 20 percent of his diversified farm in Fresno
County, Calif., into Greenway Organic Farms, a 2,000-acre partnership with two
neighboring farms. "We've cut the use of commercial phosphate fertilizers on the
conventional farm by two-thirds since we started with organic."

And organic farming could be essential to maintaining small farms in the
developed world. The premium prices that organic products command can help small
farmers earn enough to stay afloat as agriculture in general moves toward the
industrial model of ever-larger farms producing food as cheaply as possible,
often under contract to a meatpacker or food processor.

FINDING ways to make small organic farmers efficient has been a focus for Rodale
and most other organics researchers.

"We're coming from the premise that it's bad for 10 percent of the farmers to
produce 80 percent of the food," Mr. Moyer said recently, as Rodale planned to
plant this year's crops.

Organic farmers might never have a better chance to gain public support. Their
market centers on a growing demographic group -- wealthy baby boomers drawn to
what Mr. Hartman calls "healthy lifestyles." These people are willing to pay
more for products that they believe are healthier or fresher, better for the
environment and more humane for livestock. Many people also see supporting
small, local farms as a social good.

Some big companies are also throwing money into raising organics' profile.
General Mills acquired Small Planet Foods, the producer of Cascadian Farms and
other organic brands, and H. J. Heinz recently bought 19 percent of the Hain
Food Group, which makes a variety of organic and "natural" products.

"Visibility with consumers has been a limiting factor," said David Neuman, vice
president of sales and marketing for Nature's Path, which distributes organic
breakfast cereals and other foods, primarily to natural-food stores. "General
Mills put $15 million into marketing Sunrise, their new organic cereal, last
year and they did $40 million in sales," Mr. Neuman said -- an amount more than
his company brought in for all 30 brands it sells. "They can force-feed the
distribution system."

Lately, supermarket chains that once had no interest in stocking organic
products have been scrambling to line up reliable suppliers in the highly
fragmented industry, especially for the produce aisles. They are competing with
upstart retail chains like Whole Foods and Wild Oats Inc., which heavily promote
their broad selections of organic goods.

In addition to that generally supportive climate, organic farmers are getting a
boost from having what appears to be the perfect public enemy: genetic
engineering. Critics of biotechnology, with the support of many organic farmers,
have popularized a David-versus-Goliath image of small organic farms threatened
with extinction by the products of giant agribusinesses like Monsanto, Novartis
and DuPont. Drifting bioengineered pollen will pollute organic crops, they say,
and insects will destroy what is left after feeding on transgenic corn and
developing resistance to natural pesticides.

The Agriculture Department -- the public-sector face of the agricultural
establishment -- helped spotlight the confrontation. Ignoring advice from the
organics sector, it issued proposed national organic food standards two years
ago that would have allowed ingredients from genetically altered plants and
animals. After being inundated with 275,000 negative comments, the agency issued
a new proposal this year that would ban transgenic ingredients.

THE controversy lured many biotechnology supporters into denigrating organic
farming. They have argued that the public should accept biotechnology because
farming without it -- especially organic farming -- is too inefficient to feed
the world.

The arguments assume that feeding the world is a priority for everyone in
agriculture. That may not be the case for organic farmers. In contrast to the
Internet world, where it seems as if every small enterprise would be thrilled to
be bought out by a large, wealthy competitor, organic farming circles are
engaged in constant, bitter debates over whether big farmers, giant food
processors and supermarket chains should be welcomed into the business. Many
fear that such a development -- which could accelerate growth rapidly -- will
erode the price premiums upon which they rely for survival.

"There's a fundamental conflict because, to a lot of people, this is supposed to
be the alternative to the industrial agriculture system," said Charles Benbrook,
a consultant in Sand Point, Idaho, who has been a prominent proponent of organic
farming. "Is this about getting better food grown in an environmental way to the
most people possible, or is it about creating an alternative food system that is
small, local and sensitive to issues like social justice?"

If feeding the world organically becomes the main objective, many people in the
organic sector say that the blanket opposition to genetic engineering might
soften before long. Some organic farmers say genetic engineering has already
created some products that they should be allowed to use, like Ecogen Inc.'s
pesticides extracted from genetically-altered bacteria grown in fermenters. Such
products, the proponents say, are simply more efficiently produced forms of
sprays that organic farmers already use.

Others say genetic engineering should be considered where breakthrough gains for
sustainable farming might be achieved, such as inventing a perennial form of
wheat that could be mowed rather than harvested and replanted each year.

"Among organic farmers the views about transgenics range from 'no, never' to
'not yet,' " said Brian Baker, policy director of the Organic Material Review
Institute, a nonprofit group in Eugene, Ore., that rates the acceptability of
materials for organic farming.

The partisans of the small and local have the high ground when it comes to
poetic thinking; some of them talk, for instance, of developing a society based
on "foodsheds," just as the ecology of rivers is based on watersheds -- but the
marketplace seems to be moving away from them. Many organic farmers on the East
Coast say they are under heavy pressure from larger operations in California and
imports from Mexico.

"All the same patterns that affect conventional agriculture are happening in
organic," said Jim Crawford, whose New Morning Farm in Hustontown, Pa., is the
headquarters for the Tuscarora Organic Growers Cooperative, which represents 20
farms in the area. "We're not even selling that we are organic at this point. We
are selling freshness, quality and nearness to our markets."

Mr. Crawford added that sales to restaurants in the mid-Atlantic corridor had
jumped from zero to 60 percent of the co-op's total revenue in the last four
years.

Even the nation's biggest organic farmers, like the Lundberg family in
California's Central Valley, have no intention of betting the entire farm on the
organic business.

"About 55 to 60 percent of our sales are organic," said Bryce Lundberg, whose
family currently grows organic rice on about 6,000 acres near Richvale, Calif.
Although organic sales are way up from the 1970's, their share of the total farm
revenue is down from 75 percent because major weed problems forced the Lundbergs
to sharply reduce organic production for several years.

"It's a little more profitable, but much higher risk," said Tim O'Donnell, the
Lundbergs' vice president of sales and marketing. "There's years when you could
lose everything."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Workers harvesting squash that was grown organically on Lady
Moon Farm, in Punta Gorda, Fla. (David Carson for The New York Times)(pg. 10); A
human-powered planter is used to seed a spinach plot on the Rodale Institute's
organic research farm in Kutztown, Pa. (Laura Pedrick for The New York
Times)(pg. 1)

Charts: "Sales of Organic Foods Are Soaring..."
Chart shows retail sales of organic products.

...But Organics Remain A Minor Factor in American Agriculture

Organic farming as a percentage of total U.S. acreage for selected crops.

Corn, wheat, barley, rice, sunflowers, soybeans, tomatoes, citrus and potatoes:
Less than 1%

Oats, rye, dry peas, lentils, lettuce, carrots, apples and grapes: 1% - 2%

Buckwheat and culinary and medicinal herbs: 30% - 40%

(Sources: New Hope Communication; Organic Trade Association; Datamonitor)(pg.
10)

"Field Test for Organics"
The Rodale Institute began the longest-running field comparison of organic and
conventional grain farming in 1981, on 25 acres in eastern Pennsylvania.

Since 1991, the best organic plots have followed a rotation with cover crops
like hairy vetch and rye being plowed into the field to fertilize it.
Conventional farming uses a two-crop rotation.

Chart compares organic farming and conventional farming

Looking at a five-year period (1991-1995), researchers highlighted some of the
reasons that organic farming needs to command premium prices to be as profitable
as conventional farming.

Chart shows average costs per acre for conventional and organic farming.

The advantage in conventional farming could be overcome by a 12.6 percent price
premium.

Projected over 750 acres of cropland.

Includes cost factor for transition from conventional to organic farming.

(Sources: Profs. James C. Hanson and Erik Lichtenberg, University of Maryland;
Steven E. Peters, Seeds of Change)(pg. 10)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                November 3, 2009

Dr. Lester Spell seeking aid for Mississippi farmers

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 348  words


Mississippi farmers are experiencing devastating crop losses due to the record
rainfalls during September and October causing crop yields and quality to be
severely affected. Current crop conditions show very poor quality and yield for
farms which, in some cases, leave farmers only very low discounted prices or
total crop loss.

Dr. Lester Spell, Mississippi Commissioner of Agriculture and Commerce, said "I
have requested members of Mississippi's Congressional Delegation and the United
States Department of Agriculture's (USDA's) Secretary of Agriculture to support
legislative measures beyond normal USDA disaster programs to assist Mississippi
farmers who have lost all or have lost large portions of their crops severely
damaged due to the devastating weather conditions this year. "

Updated crop reports from across the state show producers of a number of crops
are feeling the devastating effects. This includes sweet potatoes, cotton, grain
sorghum, peanuts, soybeans, rice and corn.

Mississippi State University Agricultural Economists, Dr. John Anderson and Dr.
John Michael Riley, have utilized recent crop reports and have estimated current
crop losses in Mississippi reaching approximately $485 million. Nearly
sixty-four percent of the sweet potato crop valuing more than $39 million is
expected to be lost. According to USDA reports, as of Nov. 1, only 38 percent of
the crop had been harvested compared to 95 percent at the same time last year.
Soybean producers are expected to lose $307 million, which is a 44 percent loss.
Nearly half of Mississippi's cotton crop is expected to be lost. Historically,
cotton producers have harvested 90 percent of their crops by Nov. 1 based on a
five-year average. As of Nov. 1, only 14 percent had been harvested.

"Existing USDA assistance for many of these crops will not be available for up
to a year or more. By that time, I fear many of our hardworking Mississippi
farmers will no longer be able to operate due to the excessive losses faced this
year which will, in turn, affect their access to financing for the future," said
Spell.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 11, 1992, Friday

HURRICANE MAY BOOST FRUIT, VEGETABLE IMPORTS

BYLINE: PETER M. TIRSCHWELL; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 661 words


Florida's fruit and vegetable farmers are rejecting claims that a surge of
imports will be needed to compensate for widespread crop losses sustained last
month during Hurricane Andrew.

"For anybody to assume that there will be no (winter vegetable) season here is
irresponsible," said Tom Kirby, government affairs director for the Dade County
Farm Bureau. "There has been damage to equipment and packing houses, but as we
speak, crops are being planted - only a week late - and so far, I haven't eard
that people are cutting back on acreage."

Dade County suffered the greatest damage when Hurricane Andrew struck Aug. 24.

While the county's $ 248 million winter vegetable crop had not been planted by
the time the storm hit, much of the infrastructure needed to take the harvest to
market - field equipment, packing houses and the state farmers' market - was
destroyed.

That led to fears that inexpensive imports from Mexico, already a thorn in the
side of Florida farmers, would rush in to meet any demand that Florida could not
satisfy. Mexico, considered Florida's biggest head-to-head competitor, is by far
the largest foreign supplier of winter vegetables to the United States,
according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, accounting for over 90 percent
of imports in each major crop category.

Given the increasingly liberal access to U.S. markets for imported winter
vegetables such as tomatoes, beans, potatoes, squash and sweet corn, Florida's
fears may well be justified.

"We are always trying to get the best-quality produce for the consumer at the
best price, and wherever that is is where the product is going to come from,"
said Myra Gordon, executive administrative director of the Hunts Point Terminal
Produce Cooperative Market. The Bronx, New York, cooperative is comprised of 69
fruit and vegetable dealers who obtain produce for the New York area from 49
states and 35 foreign countries.

Hurricane Andrew, which is now considered the worst natural disaster ever to hit
the United States, left none of Dade County's 49 commercially grown crops
completely untouched.

But of the estimated $ 1 billion of crops that were damaged, the hardest hit -
and the most likely to encourage imports - were the county's lime and avocado
groves, where a good portion of each crop was wiped out. Lime and avocado trees
that were ripped out of the ground by the wind can take up to five years to
replace.

Dade County's $ 20 million lime crop provides 95 percent of annual U.S.
consumption. Shipments of limes to replace the quantities lost in the hurricane
may also come from Mexico, which already supplies the United States with over 90
percent of the $ 13 million worth of limes imported annually, according to USDA.

The county's $ 17.7 million avocado crop was also badly damaged, but not as
severely as the limes were. Nevertheless, the devastation to the avocado crop
could present an opportunity for Chile, experts say, which presently accounts
for roughly 90 percent of the $ 17.7 million in annual U.S. avocado imports,
according to USDA figures.

The prospect of increased imports from Mexico doesn't sit well with Florida
agriculture officials, who have seen increasing quantities of less expensive
imported produce enter the United States and must now face the prospect of free
trade with the Latin nation under a North American free-trade agreement.

"Growers in Dade County are going to try to hold on to their market share, but
in the long run, the trade agreement will be every bit as devastating as the
hurricane was," said Michelle McLawhorn, communications director of the Florida
Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services.

Despite the odds stacked against Florida's agriculture industry since the
hurricane, the state's farmers are determined to plant, harvest and sell their
crop this winter.

"We're not out of the picture," said Mr. Kirby of the farm bureau. "You can't
get rid of us that easy."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 2, 1979 Thursday

U.S. will allow USSR to buy more wheat

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 327 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON (DJ) - U.S. Agriculture Secretary Bob Bergland says the
 Soviet Union will be allowed to buy up to 10 million metric tons of
 additional wheat from the United States in the next 14 months.

Mr. Bergland said two million tons of the 10 million can be purchased
 by the Russians before the close of the current crop year, which ends on
 Sept. 30, and the remaining eight million can be purchased in the 12
 months beginning Oct. 1 this year.

In addition, Agriculture Department officials said it is likely that
 the Russians will purchase at least five million metric tons of U.S. corn
 in the year beginning Oct. 1 and that figure could be increased during
 consultations between the two governments in early October.

If the United States has a strong corn crop this year and if the
 Soviet grain harvest turns out to be as poor as expected, the Russians
 might buy as much as 20 million tons of U.S. wheat and corn in the year
 beginning Oct. 1, officials said.
  Partly because of the expected strong Soviet purchases, the Carter
 Administration is abandoning its two-year-old program of asking farmers
 to leave 20 per cent of their wheat acreage idle, Mr. Bergland said.

This set-aside program had been designed to hold down the size of the
 crop somewhat and thus prevent prices from plunging to levels so low that
 farmers would suffer and federal crop payments would soar.

However, Mr. Bergland warned farmers not to get so carried away by the
 large anticipated Soviet purchases as to overplant their wheat and plow
 under environmentally fragile land.

He raised the loan rate on wheat for 1980 to $2.50 a bushel from $2.35
 this year. He also announced that the target price, which is set by
 formula, is likely to be about $3.07 a bushel, down from $3.40 this year.
 The target price is the level below which federal subsidies are paid.

Mr. Bergland said the Administration is considering possible
 legislation to seek a rise in the target prices of wheat and other
 crops.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    November 29, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Rigged markets cost too much

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8, EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 454 words


    What are Canada's trade and agriculture ministers doing in
 Geneva trying to save supply management for certain farm products when it costs
Canadians billions a year in higher food prices and taxes? They should
concentrate on providing support for grain farmers instead.

Western grain farmers are being hammered by prices well below production costs
due to a European Community-U.S. subsidy war. Canada shouldn't reward the
Europeans and Americans by letting our farmers go out of business; instead, we
need to keep up the fight to get the subsidies banned.

Canada has been seeking a reduction of more than 75% in EC export and internal
subsidies over a period of 10 years. The EC is still talking 30%; we'll be lucky
to get a 50% reduction over five years.

That won't change fundamental demand and supply conditions very quickly or
significantly. Therefore, it is appropriate that assistance to western grain
farmers be set only high enough to keep the most efficient farmers in business.
There isn't a future for all of them.

On the other hand, the egg, poultry and dairy farmers want to stay in their
cushy supply-managed world, safe from economic reality.

Supply management and the associated import quotas have been allowed by the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade in the past because controlling domestic
production means exports aren't being subsidized.

However, agricultural countries don't like it and with good reason. Imagine what
would happen to global markets if other countries could use it for their pet
industries.

If Canada can keep supply management, why shouldn't the EC be allowed to use
supply management to replace the protection it now gives its grain farmers? Why
shouldn't Japan and Korea be allowed to use it for their rice farmers?

Canada is good at growing wheat; we grow three times as much as we consume
domestically. What would happen to markets for the surplus if countries could
use supply management to protect their own industries up to self-sufficiency?

Supply management should be dismantled and an equivalent level of protection be
provided by tariffs. Those tariffs should be gradually reduced to zero. Farmers,
consumers and our trading partners can debate about how fast the tariffs would
come down and programs could be designed to assist those most severely affected
by loss of protection.

Supply management's quota system protects inefficient producers. Under a tariff
system, less-efficient farmers would be forced out of business and more
efficient producers would expand, making the whole industry more efficient.
Canadians could spend the billions saved buying from businesses that can stand
on their own feet.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       May 23, 2003 Friday Final Edition

Worried producers dread the future

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Don Martin

SECTION: News; Don Martin; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 539 words

Huddled in pens across from Lakeside Packers, thousands of cows have had their
last meal postponed.

The largest employer in the Alberta city of Brooks is one of Canada's largest
meatpackers, turning a million head of cattle into roughly 30 per cent of the
country's beef production every year.

The colossal feedlot holds up to 75,000 cows, waiting, to use the euphemism
employed by the federal agriculture minister, to be "depopulated."

On Wednesday, the plant was closed by one mad cow that died at another plant
hundreds of kilometres to the north in the dead of winter. Yesterday, it opened
temporarily and today it's a wait-and-see proposition.

Such are the dire consequences of a mad cow panic attack that must end quickly
if last year's drought-plagued Alberta cattle industry, which required an
emergency infusion of donated Ontario hay, is to be spared another economic
slaughter.

With exports blocked, taking half the Canadian market with it, the meatpacking
industry has been reduced to feeding a domestic demand that could experience a
steep, but hopefully very brief, decline.

Lakeside's 2,400 employees perform the various rituals required to produce 650
products ranging from T-bones to gelatin for camera film.

Had that one diseased cow gone undetected for a few more minutes at the Fairview
meatpacking plant, it could've entered the food chain to catastrophic
consequences for the Alberta herd and possibly humans alike.

Luck, despite the devastating impact, was actually on Alberta's side. And if
this nightmare ends as a single spontaneous outbreak, the province will have to
consider itself blessed.

There are signs that officials are making up for the slow disease diagnosis by
quickly retracing the infected bovine's upbringing to three farms, all under
tight quarantine.

Yet the fallout continues to spread further afield from the Fairview-area farm
where the diseased cow was discovered.

Calgarian Garth Pritchard, a no-bull friend of mine, called from Saskatchewan
where he was helping a buddy seed barley.

"You grow barley primarily for cattle feed. What's going to happen to this crop
if the herd is culled? The ripple effect is huge," he tells me.

Just how big it could become was glimpsed when the U.S. border was briefly
closed to Toronto garbage trucks heading toward dumps in Michigan because the
trash could not be pronounced free of beef by-products.

To even dream up the scenario of having a remnant of contaminated beef rooted
out of the trash stream and fed back to infect another cow takes a very paranoid
imagination on behalf of border guards.

One can only shudder if such farfetched pretexts are used to interrupt trade in
milk, cheese or cattle feed.

Where exactly the mad cow crisis is headed and when it will end remains a source
of excessive idle speculation and perhaps undue anxiety.

But cattle producers just starting to plan for a recovery from last year's
drought must be looking to the sky, wondering if a plague of locusts or frogs
will be the next pestilence to rain down from the angry gods.

For them, a nation should sympathize in the only way it can -- by ordering up
the best steak in the world. That would be a 16-ounce slab of Alberta Grade A
beef.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Column

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 30, 1982 Wednesday

Wheat acreage   off 2 per cent

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON    (DJ)   - The U.S. Agriculture   Department reports that
 the acreage planted for   all wheat is estimated to   be 87.2 million
 acres,   down 2 per cent from   1981.

Feed grains were   planted on 121 million   acres, also down 2 per
 cent from 1981.

Corn for all purposes   is estimated at 82.1 million acres, down 3 per
    cent from the Feb. 1   reported intentions and   2 per cent below the
 1981   planted acreage, the   department said.

Soybean area planted   is estimated at a record   high of 72.2 million
    acres, up 6 per cent   from 1981 and 3 per cent   above 1980.

The survey, conducted about June 1, is likely   to be a disappointment
    for the Reagan Administration, which had encouraged feed grain
 farmers to lay fallow 10   per cent of their acreage, and wheat, cotton
 and rice farmers to set   aside 15 per cent of their   land.

Cotton acreage planted is estimated at 11.6   million acres, 19 per
 cent below last year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     June 5, 1993, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

FARMERS MAY GET CROW BENEFIT

BYLINE: HERALD STAFF AND CP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 490 words


Mayer admits change to Crow, barley marketing 'political issues'

Federal Agriculture Minister Charlie Mayer has kicked off a new round in one of
Western Canada's oldest economic and political wrangles by announcing plans to
change how Ottawa pays a century-old grain transportation subsidy known as the
Crow benefit.

In Winnipeg Friday, Mayer said he wants the $ 650-million-a-year subsidy, which
covers about two-thirds of costs of sending Prairie grain to export ports, to be
paid directly to farmers rather than to the railways.

In Calgary, a cautious Alberta Wheat Pool withheld comment, explaining that
leaders of the 50,000 farmers who own it need time to study complex draft
legislation that the minister's aides were distributing following his statement.

The agricultural community has been split over the system since it was created
at the time Canada's railways were built, with traditionalists defending it and
advocates of more efficient farming seeking changes. The subsidy is named after
the Crowsnest Pass through the Rocky Mountains in southern Alberta and British
Columbia.

Many farm groups oppose the change, fearing freight rates will skyrocket. The
opposition is led by Saskatchewan's farming community.

Major factions in Alberta see changes as essential to eliminate economic
distortions and support international efforts to end price-gutting trade and
subsidy wars on world grain markets. A mid-1992 opinion poll found most Alberta
farmers willing to consider changes.

Before calling the June 15 election, Alberta's Conservative government also
supported changes.

Premier Ralph Klein told the AWP's spring annual meeting agriculture is
over-regulated and his government was looking closely at making changes in old
systems like the Crow subsidy.

Alberta Agriculture Minister Ernie Isley, a long-time advocate of dismantling
the old Crow system, has praised AWP plans to close 155 grain elevators in favor
of running a few big central ones as a good move towards more efficient,
lower-cost transportation.

Mayer left his options open to modify his plans. He said the exact method of
paying the Crow benefit will be worked out by a panel assigned to make a report
in November. A federal election is expected this year.

It was Mayer's second annoucement this week of a decision on a major,
hotly-contested agricultural issue. On Thursday, he declared intentions to end
the Canadian Wheat Board's monoply on sales of feed and malting barley to the
United States.

Farmers would have the choice of marketing their feed and barley through the
board or privately. Mayer's critics in Saskatchewan and Manitoba denounced his
plans as first steps towards abolishing the national grain marketing agency.

Mayer said the board will keep its monopoly on exports outside of North America.
He said Ottawa will review the decision after five years and reverse it if it's
shown to hurt farmers.



LOAD-DATE: June 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               September 6, 2013

Big US maize crop to press on wheat prices

BYLINE: David Jones

SECTION: ARABLE

LENGTH: 692 words



HIGHLIGHT:  A predicted bumper maize crop and shortfall of soya beans in the USA
will affect grain prices in Britain. An analyst from French consultancy group
ODA toured the Midwestern states to assess the impact


  Better-than-expected maize crops in the United States are set to put downward
pressure on wheat prices while the soya bean harvest will fall short of
forecasts and could help support oilseed rape prices.

Feed wheat trading at about £158/t at the end of August for a November contract
is expected to fall by about £10/t over the next three weeks, says ODA analyst
Leo von Kameke after returning from a US tour.

Meanwhile, the potential shortfall in soya bean yields, combined with the
worsening political situation in Egypt and the euro falling against the dollar,
could help oilseed rape prices.

He expects prices to increase by around £10/t in the coming weeks, although he
believes the long-term outlook for rapeseed will see prices going lower.

Mr von Kameke joined a ProFarmer crop tour, which aimed to assess maize and soya
bean yields and travelled recently across the states of Iowa, Minnesota, Ohio,
Illinois and Indiana.

"It is clear that many risks remain for crops across the United States and the
weather over the next few weeks will be critical in determining the outcome of
harvest," he says.

The 2013 tour highlighted that while some maize and soya bean crops in eastern
and central America are very good, huge variability exists in maturity, soil
moisture and frost risks, giving cause for concern.

The ProFarmer group has reduced its yield estimates below current US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) figures to reflect the vast unplanted areas in Iowa and
Minnesota.

Assuming perfect growing conditions in September, the ProFarmer group estimates
average US maize yields will be 154.1 bushels/acre, compared with 154.4
bushels/acre in the USDA's latest report.

The group puts total maize production at 342m tonnes (13.46bn bushels) compared
with the USDA's estimate of 349m tonnes.

It estimates US soya bean yields at 41.8 bushels/acre, giving a total harvest of
80m tonnes (3.16bn bushels), compared with a USDA figure of 88.6m tonnes.

IOWA

The number one maize-producing state should generate 2.2bn bushels, based on a
yield of 163 bushels/acre, according to the USDA.

The ProFarmer group estimates yields at 171.9 bushels/acre, above 2012's 137
bushels/acre, but it reports many crops were planted late.

The state was also the largest soya bean producer in 2012, and 2013 production
is estimated at 433.78m bushels, although late plantings make the crops more
vulnerable to adverse weather.

The ProFarmer group found soya bean pod counts of 927/3sq ft, 7% down on 2012,
22% below the three-year average and far short of the 1,200 required for optimum
yields.

MINNESOTA

Mr von Kameke says large unplanted areas dominate the landscape, but established
crops show good potential.

The ProFarmer group estimates the average yield at 181.1 bushels/acre, 16% up on
2012 and 5% above the three-year average, while the USDA predicts production at
1.36bn bushels.

He says soya beans are disappointing, with the USDA estimating an average of 41
bushels/acre, down from 2012's 43 bushels/acre, equating to production of
271.83m bushels.

OHIO

Hopes are high that increased production in the seventh-largest maize and soya
bean producing state will help to offset shortfalls in Iowa and Minnesota.

The USDA estimates the average maize yield at 172 bushels/acre after 2012's 123
bushels/acre in line with ProFarmer, while Mr von Kameke says soya bean
population counts are encouraging.

ILLINOIS

The state ranked fourth in maize production in 2012 and could be second in 2013
based on the USDA's area estimate and yield forecast of 165 bushels/acre.

Mr von Kameke expresses concern over variable crop maturity as crops are
suffering from moisture/nitrogen deficiencies and without rain he says yields
could fall 5-10%.

Illinois could be the largest soya bean producer in 2013, according to the USDA.

INDIANA

Indiana, the fifth-largest corn producing state, is set to produce 979,400
bushels in 2013, according to the USDA, up from 2012's 596,970 based on higher
yields.

The ProFarmer group found a soya bean pod count above those in 2012 and a
three-year average, but expressed concern over extremely heavy weed populations.

fwarable@rbi.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2013 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2012

Sussex farmers head to Brazil;
Agriculture tour to explore similarities, differences

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 684  words


Four Sussex County farmers head to Brazil Tuesday, Feb. 14, to | learn more
about South American agriculture and technology.

Agriculture Secretary Ed Kee organized the 11-day trip with Iowa Agriculture
Secretary Bill Northey. The group includes 18 farmers from Iowa and 18 farmers
from Delaware, as well as the two secretaries and a Midwestern agriculture
journalist.

"The purpose is to understand Brazilian agriculture, especially in the context
that Brazil is our major competitor in corn, soy-1 beans, grain, beef and
ethanol," said Kee.

Tours of the Amazon rainforest and regional farms will take top priority, but
the group will al-! so look at marketing, trade policy and technology used on
large farms in South America.

Jesse Vanderwende, Doug Corey, Travis Hastings and Kevin Evans, all of Sussex
County, are among those making the trip. For most of the Delaware farmers,| this
is their first visit to Brazil.

"For agricultural production,

Brazil and South America are farming on a large scale," said Vanderwende. "They
have become really productive growers in the last several years."

Vanderwende of Walnut Tree Farms in Bridgeville said he looks forward to seeing
the similarities and differences in farming techniques. Besides seeing soybean
fields, Vanderwende said he is interested in touring biofuel plants in Brazil.

Vanderwende comes from a long line of Vanderwendes in Bridgeville, where the
family has been raising chickens for generations.

Brazil is expected to increase broiler chicken production by 5 percent in 2012,
which increases its competition with Delaware poultry farmers. In 2011, Brazil
was the world's top exporter of chicken products. Overall, Brazil and the United
States account for 70 percent of all chicken exports, according to global
poultry trends.

Doug Corey of D.C. Farms Inc. in Bridgeville said he is excited about the trip.

"I always wanted to go to Brazil, but never had the chance to go on my own, so
the tour really appealed to me," Corey said. "I know most of the farmers going,
so it will be a good group."

Corey said the farms in Brazil are vast and productive, and while he isn't sure
he will see new technology, he is interested to see how farms operate.

D.C - Farms grows corn, soybeans, wheat, barley, peas, lima beans and
watermelons on more than 3,000 acres in Bridgeville.

Corey said the farm does well even in drought years because most of his acres
are irrigated.

"Unless I see something earth-shattering on the trip, I expect things will stay
about the same on the farm," Corey said.

Travis Hastings of Coastal Growers and Lakeside Farms is a fourth-generation
farmer in Sussex County. He also serves on the board of directors for the
Mar-Del Watermelon Association and Delaware Soybean Board,

Besides his main crop of watermelons, Hastings also grows soybeans, wheat, corn
and string beans. Much of Hastings' fields are planted using a
global-positioning-system or GPS-enabled tractor, which lays out the fields like
grids and then plants in specific rows, reducing much of the overlap from
traditional planting methods.

According to the 2011 Global Agriculture Productivity Report, Brazil is an
emerging market, meaning the country's productivity is accelerating.

The report finds that Brazilian farmers invested heavily in machinery and
technology advances in the past decade, leading to an increase from 32 tractors
per 100 square kilometers in 1961 to about 130 in 2006.

The final Sussex farmer heading to Brazil is Kevin Evans of Bridgeville. Farming
more than 1,700 acres, Evans Farms sells wholesale produce to local restaurants
and operates seasonal farm market in Bridgeville.

Established in 1943, Evans Farms grows spinach, peas, lima beans, sweet corn,
string beans and pickling cucumbers for processing, as well as watermelons,
squash, zucchini, tomatoes, cantaloupes and more.

Look for a follow-up in the Cape Gazette in early March after the farmers return
from Brazil.

THE PURPOSE IS TO

UNDERSTAND BRAZILIAN AGRICULTURE, ESPECIALLY IN THE CONTEXT THAT BRAZIL IS OUR
MAJOR COMPETITOR IN CORN, SOYBEANS, GRAIN, BEEF AND ETHANOL.

- AGRICULTURE SECRETARY ED KEE

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

MARYLAND:Maryland Celebrates National Agriculture Week; 10 Ways You Can Get
Involved With Maryland Agriculture

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of Agriculture, The state of Maryland has issued the following news
release:

Did you know that most of life's necessities - food, fiber, clothing and shelter
- start with agriculture? National Agriculture Week (March 15-21) recognizes and
celebrates the contributions of agriculture to American society. In recognition
of Maryland agriculture as one of the state's most important industries,
Governor Larry Hogan has declared "Maryland Agriculture Week," which coincides
with the national celebration. From the mountains of Western Maryland with its
dairy farms and hay to Central Maryland with its greenhouse and livestock
industries to the Eastern Shore's acres of corn and poultry - Maryland truly
grows something for everyone.

"Maryland's agriculture industry is vital to the long-term health of the state's
economy, environment and quality of life," said Governor Hogan. "Maryland
farmers are doing everything they can to balance protecting our Bay with
building strong, durable businesses. And we're going to do everything we can to
keep Maryland's agricultural industry strong, diverse and sustainable."

There are 2.1 million farms in the United States, a country with nearly 319
million people. Agriculture products remain the nations' top export. Each
American farmer today feeds more than 144 people - a dramatic increase from 25
people in the 1960s. American agriculture is doing more - and doing it better.
As the world population soars, there is an even greater demand for the food and
fiber produced in the United States.

"Agriculture Week is a great time to recognize the hard work of our farm
families and the important role they play in providing a safe and abundant food
supply and protecting the environment," said Agriculture Secretary Joe
Bartenfelder.

In Maryland, one-third of the land mass - over 2 million acres - is farmland. In
2013, the top commodity sectors were poultry (broilers), greenhouse and nursery,
corn, and dairy. In addition, Maryland farmers produced 33 million pounds of
apples, 673 million eggs, 3.9 million tons of peaches, and 68 million pounds of
watermelons just to name a few of the many products that are grown here. For
more interesting facts about Maryland agriculture, see the AgBrief.

The Maryland Department of Agriculture shares 10 suggestions to help citizens
recognize National and Maryland Agriculture Week:

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 29, 1990, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Down by 2%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 32, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 28


The prices that farmers receive for raw products declined by 2 percent from
August to September, but the overall commodity index was still 3.5 percent above
a year ago, the Agriculture Department said today.

Lower prices were reported for corn, hogs, potatoes and cattle. They more than
offset increases for apples, broilers and eggs, the department's Agricultural
Statistics Board said in its preliminary report.

Milk prices were at a record high for September, but cattle prices were down
slightly from the all-time record levels of August. Hog prices were down sharply
from August.

''The 25-cents-per-bushel drop in the corn price from August to September was
the largest month-to-month decrease since a 28-cent decline during the same two
months in 1986,'' the report said.

Wheat prices fell by 10 cents a bushel in September, after a 28-cent decline in
August, 29 cents in July and 32 cents in June. At $2.48 a bushel, wheat prices
at the farm were down by $1.24 from a year ago.

Most prices are mid-September averages that will be revised next month. The
latest report, for example, showed that August prices declined by seven-tenths
of a percent, instead of the 1.3 percent drop indicated a month ago.

Consumer food prices, meanwhile, are going up by 5 percent to 7 percent this
year, department economists say, compared with 5.8 percent in 1989, the most
since 1981.

A recent forecast this week put 1990 net cash income of farmers at a record of
$59 billion to $63 billion, up about a tenth from last year. The previous high
was $57.2 billion in 1988.

Based on the preliminary figures, the September price index for all crops was
down by 2.4 percent from August and was 2.4 percent below a year earlier. Wheat
and feed grains were down from August, while soybeans were unchanged.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: index of prices received by farmers, April, 1989-Sept. 1990
(Source: Agricutlure Dept.)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday

Agriculture in Brief: 01/16/2016

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


Jan. 16--Wheat producers to vote on program continuation

LANSING -- The Michigan Department of Agriculture & Rural Development is
allowing state wheat producers to vote on whether to continue the Michigan Wheat
Program.

Ballots were mailed to wheat producers on Jan. 7 and must be received in the
MDARD Lansing office or postmarked no later than Jan. 22. Eligible producers
with questions, or those not receiving a ballot, should contact MDARD at
800-292-3939 or merrilld@michigan.gov

The Michigan Wheat Program was designed to promote the profitable production,
marketing and utilization of wheat on behalf of Michigan producers. Eligible
producers must produced market wheat beyond that person's own family use, and
have a first point-of-sale value of more than $800 in any growing season within
the last three years.

More than 50 percent of the votes cast, representing more than 50 percent of
total bushels, must approve the proposal for the program to be adopted.

State sees record yields for soybeans, sugarbeets

LANSING -- Ideal planting conditions in spring allowed Michigan farmers to plant
most crops ahead of schedule, resulting in record yields for corn, soybeans and
sugarbeets, said Marlow Johnson, director of the USDA National Agricultural
Statistic Service Great Lakes Regional Office. The mild growing season provided
good conditions and many farmers completed harvest ahead of normal.

The state's average for corn grain yield was 162 per acre, up 1 bushel from last
year. Grain yield was 335 million bushels, down slightly from last year, mostly
because fewer acres were harvested.

Soybean yield was up 6.5 bushels per acre to 49 bushels. Soybeans were harvested
on 2.02 million acres, down 20,000 acres from last year. Production totaled 99
million bushels, a state record and up 14 percent from last year.

Michigan farmers produced 4.79 million tons of sugarbeets, a new state record
and up 9 percent from last year.

Dry bean production totaled 5.53 million hundredweight, 26 percent above last
year's yield.

All hay production was 2.6 million tons, 1 percent more than last year.

Farmers plant 580,000 acres in winter wheat

LANSING -- Michigan farmers seeded an estimated 580,000 acres in winter wheat,
14 percent more than last year, said Marlow Johnson, director of the USDA
National Agricultural Statistic Service Great Lakes Regional Office.

Seeding began in early September, on pace with the 5-year average. Growers
finished planting by the first week in November. Unseasonably warm temperatures
aided emergence and the entire crop emerged by mid-November.

All U.S. farmers planted an estimated 36.6 million acres in winter wheat, down 7
percent from last year and down 14 percent from the year before that.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160116-ZK-Agriculture-in-01-16-2016-0116-20160116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                         September 12, 1979, Wednesday

BYLINE: BY STEVE WEINER

SECTION: Page 34, Column 2

LENGTH: 73 words

US farmers expect large grain harvest and high prices as result of good weather
and Soviet grain purchases.  Analysts expect Agriculture Dept to report corn
production of between 7.2 Billion and 7.3 Billion bushels, up from 7.08 billion
bushels in '78.  Soybean production is expected to reach more than 2.2 Billion
bushels, up from 1.8 Billion, and wheat production is expected to be slightly
higher than record set in '76-'77 (S).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

TYPE: Statistics.

              Copyright 1979 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Beef farmers fight U.S. labels; Organizations asks for policy to be delayed

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 338 words


An organization that represents Canadian beef farmers says it is seeking an
injunction while a court in the U.S. hears its case against country-oforigin
meat labelling. The Canadian Cattlemen's Association says it is part of a
coalition that has asked the U.S. District Court in Washington to delay the
policy to be implemented in November.

It would require labels on meat products sold in the United States to contain
detailed information about where the products come from.

The lawsuit claims the rule would violate the U.S. Constitution and the U.S.
Agriculture Marketing Act, and is arbitrary and capricious.

The coalition that has filed the injunction argues that the policy would cause
"irreparable

harm" to the U.S. meat and livestock industry and is not in the public interest.

The labelling system increases costs and makes it more difficult for U.S.
companies to buy Canadian products.

Plaintiffs in the lawsuit also include the American Association of Meat
Processors, American Meat Institute, Canadian Pork Council, National Cattlemen's
Beef Association, National Pork Producers Council, North American Meat
Association and Southwest Meat Association.

A World Trade Organization ruling on meat labelling found the American system
discriminates against foreign livestock.

The U.S. announced earlier this year it wants to require even more detail on the
origins of beef, pork and chicken sold in grocery stores.

Labels would include such information as "born, raised and slaughtered in the
United States" for American meat. Cuts of meat from other countries could carry
labels such as "born in Canada, raised and slaughtered in the United States."
Last month, the Canadian government released a list of potential U.S.
agricultural products to which Canada could apply retaliatory tariffs. They
include cattle, pigs, beef, pork, some fruits and vegetables and chocolate.
Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said that while Canadians could see higher
prices as a result, the U.S. will lose jobs and significant revenue from the
tariffs.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

'Some really inspiring stories': New Maine series looks at veterans down on the
farms

BYLINE: Julia Bayly BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1029 words


A Maine-based documentary series premiering this weekend will tell the story of
military veterans who are working the land after years of serving their country.


"Growing Home" will air the first of 13 30-minute episodes at 11 a.m. Sunday on
NBC affiliates WLBZ2 and WCSH6. It's been filmed on farms, homesteads, winerys
and livestock operations.


"This is something I began working on a couple of years ago," said Deborah Gould
of Up Country Productions and a co-executive producer. "I have a small farm, and
after my own experiences and seeing how some of my friends struggle with small
farms, I wanted to do something to promote those small farms."


But that changed not long after Gould was joined by Up Country Productions
co-executive producers Lane McCall and Kit McCall to begin fleshing out the
concept.


"Our original focus was looking at small farming and agriculture," said Lane
McCall. "But as we progressed in the development of the program, we started
coming in contact with farmers who are also military veterans, [and] when we
started doing some research, we saw vets entering farming is a national trend,
and we just felt this was such an interesting angle."


Working with state and national veterans organizations and agriculture agencies,
the production crew identified 15 veteran-operated farms in Maine to film.


"There were some really inspiring stories," McCall said. "These are people who,
after leaving the military, have found a second career in farming and for some
it has been a journey of healing to be outside in the elements working the
land."


Retired United States Army veteran Walter Green-Morse spent 21 years in the
military, the final three years at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center
recovering from injuries suffered in a roadside bombing while serving in Iraq.


Today, he and his wife raise sheep and heritage breed hogs on their Jefferson
homestead, which is the subject of the premiere episode of "Growing Home."


"I grew up on a small homestead, and after I got out of the military, we decided
to go back to it," Green-Morse said. "My wife is also a military retiree, and
life was moving way too fast for us, [and] farming was an option for us to slow
things down and go back to our roots."


There are no official data on how many military veterans are farming in the
state or nationally, but according to Jerry Ireland, executive director of
United Farmer Veterans of Maine, they number in the hundreds in the state.


"I can tell you firsthand that I have worked with 225 [military veteran farmers]
and would easily put their numbers at higher than that," Ireland said. "My
projection would be by the end of 2017 we will have more than 400 veteran
farmers in Maine."


Inclusion of "military veteran" as a status option for future agriculture
censuses in the 2018 U.S. Farm Bill will make tracking veteran farmers easier,
Ireland said.


Last year, Ireland's organization helped seven veteran-operated farms get off
the ground.


Ireland, himself a military veteran, said there are some good reasons farming
attracts veterans.


"Agriculture is not an easy job, [and] it takes a very different type of
commitment to be successful," he said. "If you look at the generations of
successful farmers in Maine, you see they are hardworking people who do their
jobs day in and day out without complaining."


Veterans, Ireland said, develop that work ethic starting in basic training.


Ireland said that once out of the military environment, some veterans --
especially those dealing with physical and emotional traumas -- can find it
difficult to get jobs.


"A lot of disabled vets coming home are written off because they are looked at
as unemployable," Ireland said. "They may need modified or flexible work
schedules, so if you take those same disabled vets and put them on a farm where
they can change things up and do different tasks according to their schedules,
that offers them a huge opportunity."


And when it comes down to it, Ireland said, veterans simply know how to get
things done.


"In Maine, agriculture logistics is a big challenge [because] it's a big, rural
state and hard to move stuff around," he said. "But if vets are good at one
thing, it's moving stuff and logistics."


Gould and McCall said their primary goal was to have the veterans tell their own
stories.


"The show is very visual," McCall said. "It's not your typical interview show,
instead there is a lot of b-roll, aerial shots and music [and] each farming
veteran telling their story."


Among those veterans is Anne Weinberg who with her husband runs Chase Stream
Farm in Monroe.


"We are both retired United States Marines," Weinberg said. "We felt like we
could do more for fellow vets and for ourselves with this farm."


Neither Weinberg had ever farmed before, but Anne Weinberg said things are going
well with this past year's organic vegetable crop and with plans to add bees,
livestock and fruit trees in the coming year.


"Having the farm allows us to live a quiet and simple life and focus on family,"
Weinberg said. "Yesterday we went snowshoeing in the middle of the day, and we
were saying this is what people pay to do on vacation, and it is part of our
everyday life."


The Weinbergs' ultimate goal is to open their farm to fellow veterans who want
to learn about agriculture and start their own farms.


"That's the one thing we saw with everyone we talked to," McCall said. "Every
single vet has such a heart for their fellow brother and sister veteran, and
every one of them expressed if there is any vet out there who needs or wants our
help, we want to help you."


For Gould, it is an honor to help tell these stories.


"This whole project has been so emotional for me," she said. "To have these
veterans share their stories has been a truly emotional journey."


Up Country Productions is hosting a private premiere party on Sunday in Bangor,
and some of the veterans who were part of the documentary, along with the
production crew and sponsors, will be there.


"I hope people come away from watching this with a real idea of who we are,"
Green-Morse said. "And for all the veterans out there who are thinking of
farming, I hope they will see they are not alone and we are here to help them."


Â

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Bangor Daily News


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

Corn and soybean acreage on the rise in Wisconsin

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 218  words


Wisconsin farmers planted more acres of corn, wheat and soybean this growing
season, the Government reported.

USDA says Wisconsin growers planted 4.15 million acres of corn, 250,000 more
than last year.

Soybeans accounted for 1.66 million acres, up 20,000, and 330,000 acres went
into winter wheat.

Oat planting set a record low in Wisconsin, 200,000 acres, some 110,000 fewer
acres than last year.

Record low hay acres for harvest were listed for Wisconsin and six other states.
Hay was down 160,000 acres in Wisconsin, the ag department said.

Corn in Wisconsin was selling for an average $6.60 per bushel in June, up 14
cents, and $3.22 higher than a year ago.

Soybeans brought a $12.80 average in June, down 10 cents, but $1.19 more than a
year ago, ag statistics showed.

June alfalfa hay averaged $100 a ton in June. Other hay was bringing $75 a ton.
Hay prices were down from a year ago.

Wisconsin's average June milk price was $21 per hundredweight, $2.10 higher than
May and $6 more than a year ago.

Dairy prices in June rose in all of the major milk producing states, California
going from $17.98 in May to $20.40 in June. Minnesota was figured at $21.60, up
$2.20 from May.

A 40-pound block of cheese on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange closed at $2.13 a
pound June 29, barrels closing at nearly $2.09 per pound.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 The Blair Press Taylor


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            April 14, 1988, Thursday

CHINESE MART LACKS APPETITE FOR US GRAIN

BYLINE: Agweek Magazine

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 545 words


China is potentially the world's largest market. It's a tempting target for U.S.
farmers, who hear often enough that the Chinese need to improve their rice-based
diets.

With 1 billion Chinese - 20 percent of the world's population - that's enough
for several thousand new outlets for U.S.-beef hamburgers, french fries and
Beijing fried chicken. That's a market ripe for billions of bags of corn- ased,
sugar-sweetened snack foods that Americans are masters at.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is eager to sell U.S. grain to China and has
been willing to subsidize the deals.

The message seems loud and clear: Let's sell more food to China.

But has anybody asked the Chinese about this?

They seem willing enough, like anybody else, to trade when it suits their needs.

But importing a lot more foreign grain doesn't seem to be one of China's
priorities. And without official, long-term Chinese commitment to a buy-more-
grain policy, no amount of Yankee salesmanship will move more merchandise into
China. Unlike the Soviet Union, China hasn't rushed to sign any long-term grain
agreements with us.

Yes, Chinese leaders have promised to stimulate the economy, boost personal
income, allow moderate levels of capitalism and increase food production. But as
we'll see, grain production hasn't kept pace with demand. But neither have
imports.

Let's just look at the record.

Three years ago, China produced 3.15 billion bushels of wheat - about 30 percent
more than the United States. It imported 243 million bushels of wheat, or the
equivalent of about one-fourth of U.S. exports.

Last year China produced nearly 3.2 billion bushels of wheat. The wheat crop
suffered serious quality problems, and China's rice output last year fell far
short of targets because of drought and flooding. The conclusion among many
analysts was that Chinese grain imports might triple to cover the yield losses
and quality problems.

But they only doubled, to 423 million bushels.

China's corn production averages 3 billion bushels annually, up less than 3
percent over the last couple of years. That doesn't meet the increase in demand.

Meanwhile, the Soviet Union has sharply increased its grain, oilseed and oilseed
meal imports. Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev is committed to boosting protein
consumption (which means more livestock) and is encouraging farmers to expand
private-plot production.

The word from China isn't quite the same.

Chinese Communist Party chief Zhao Ziyang recently called on his countrymen -
who already have one of the lower dietary standards in the world - to tighten
their belts and eat less grain. The official China Daily quoted Ziyang as saying
he urged dietary changes because grain production can't meet demand.

According to a Knight-Ridder Financial News report from Beijing, the party's
secretary-general advocates a long-term strategy to prevent excessive grain
consumption.

He noted that a considerable amount of people's increased income is being spent
on food. He says that if the government doesn't check this trend, China might
suffer just as it had by failing to control population growth in the 1950s.

That's exactly the opposite of the Soviet policy, which has encouraged expanded
grain imports.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 21, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES MARKETS;
Grain and Soybean Prices Fall On Reports of Early Planting

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 10; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 423 words


Grain and soybean futures prices fell sharply yesterday after the Government
reported that planting was proceeding at a near-record pace, bolstering farmers'
chances of producing bumper fall harvests.

In other commodity markets, copper and palladium futures rose to new highs after
Federal Reserve policy makers left United States interest rates unchanged.
Coffee futures fell sharply for a third session on increasing supplies.

Farmers, as of Sunday, had put 88 percent of the corn crop into the ground,
compared with the five-year average of 67 percent at this time of year, the
United States Department of Agriculture reported late Monday.

Farmers also had sowed 46 percent of the soybean crops -- 20 percentage points
above average, the department reported.

The earlier farmers get crops into the ground, the greater the chance of bumper
crops. In 1994, for example, there was a record corn harvest after planting was
84 percent complete in mid-May.

Wheat futures retreated sharply despite declining winter wheat conditions.
Western Kansas is expected to get rain, which could provide a late boost to the
crop shortly before harvesting begins, analysts said.

Soybeans for July delivery fell 22 cents, to $8.44 a bushel; July corn fell 8.25
cents, to $2.7625 a bushel, and July wheat fell 14.75 cents, to $3.80 a bushel.

Copper and palladium futures prices rose sharply on the New York Mercantile
Exchange after the Fed left interest rates unchanged, fueling speculation that
demand for the metals would increase as economic growth continues.

Palladium and copper, used in electronics, construction, automobiles and
computers, would benefit heavily from cheaper interest rates.

June palladium rose $3.75, to $181.75 an ounce, the highest since April 1995.
July copper was up 2 cents, to $1.178 a pound, the highest since May 16, 1996.

Coffee futures continued their retreat from 20-year highs on the Coffee, Sugar
and Cocoa Exchange in New York as supplies of arabica beans increased.

The exchange reported late Monday that inventories at its warehouses rose to
47,192 bags from 41,682 on Friday. Warehouse supplies have grown by nearly
25,000 bags since May 6.

A meeting of the Association of Coffee Producing Countries, which accounts for
80 percent of the world's production, also weighed heavily on the market.
Analysts speculated that the group would announce today that it had loosened its
self-imposed export quotas, allowing producers to sell more coffee if prices
rise above a certain level.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 27, 1993 Monday

High food prices? Blame retailers, not producers   AGRICULTURE"Critics will
attack the new   tariff structure that replaces Canada's quota   system, but
their arguments are wrong

BYLINE: ANTHONY WILSON; GAM

LENGTH: 992 words


BY ANTHONY WILSON
 THE completion of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT)
negotiations this month will inaugurate a new regime for Canadian
agriculture.

As we move to a tariff regime in place of a quota system that
previously barred imports, the battle lines are being drawn. Indeed, the
Americans have fired the first salvo, with the U.S. Agriculture Secretary
and his senior adviser telling Canada that Washington expects us to reduce
these new tariffs to zero by 1998 to meet what the United States defines
as our obligations under NAFTA, the North American free-trade agreement.

Opposing the important sector of the farm community protected by these
new tariffs - principally the dairy, poultry and egg producers - is a
powerful array of enemies. They include not only the U.S. government,
propelled by lobbying from American agribusiness and perhaps some U.S.
farm operators, but also powerful actors on this side of the border: large
agribusiness firms operating in Canada and, no doubt, other sectors of big
business here anxious to avoid any U.S. trade retaliation.

The critics who have attacked supply management will be attacking the
new tariff structure. Their arguments are easily anticipated. They will go
something like this: The new tariff system is primarily responsible, as
was supply management, for the higher cost of our food, relative to what
Americans pay. We can no longer let a small vested interest in agriculture
hold up economic progress through freer trade.

However, finding supply management at fault for the differences between
Canadian and U.S. retail food prices at best demonstrates ignorance about
how the food industry works, and at worst is a con game designed to
protect those actually responsible for the difference.

The farm-gate price - the price farmers themselves receive for such
supply-managed commodities as chicken and milk - is in fact only
marginally higher in Ontario, for instance, than it is in the United
States. For chicken, the price is a bit under $1 per kilogram in the
United States, in Canada a bit over $1. The big difference comes in the
retail price, which in Ontario averages around $5 a kilogram, compared
with about $2.30 in the United States. The same situation, though not as
pronounced, exists for milk. Clearly, forces other than supply management
have the major impact in determining our food prices.

This was dramatically illustrated several years ago when Canada signed
the free-trade agreement with the United States, and eliminated the
subsidy to grain farmers that had existed under our two-price wheat
system. This took away income from wheat farmers and lowered the price of
wheat to Canadian processors by some 30 per cent. But it did not result in
savings to consumers on bakery products as former agriculture minister
Charles Mayer had promised. In fact, the average cost of a loaf of bread
has increased by 40 per cent in the past four years.

So, if the price that farmers are able to negotiate for their products
has little bearing on the price consumers pay for their food, what does
determine this price? It could be the food-processing industry, which in
such major sectors as dairy, fruit and vegetables, flour-milling and meat-
packing is dominated by a relatively small number of companies.

Important as this may be, there is strong evidence that most of the
increase in our food prices in recent years, and the growing gap between
Canadian and U.S. food prices, results from the extraordinary market power
of Canadian food-retail chains. This should surprise no one, given how
tightly controlled the food-retail business in Canada is, even relative to
the United States. If we want to do something about food prices, our time
is better spent investigating the lack of competition at the food-retail
end of our food chain.

Caving in to U.S. demands on our tariffs will do little to make our
food cheaper, but it will prejudice the survival of thousands of Canada's
dairy, poultry and egg producers. These farmers will have to compete with
U.S. producers and the tax and cost advantages they enjoy - such as a
warmer climate which permits longer grazing and thus reduces feed costs -
in addition to substantial hidden subsidies in such areas as dairy
farming.

The decline in Canadian farming in these sectors certainly will not
help the machinery, feed, ag-chemical, seed and hardware companies they
buy their supplies from. It won't help the service-oriented professionals,
such as veterinarians and accountants, who thrive on a healthy modern farm
economy. And the revenue these companies and professionals lose, along
with the forgone revenues of farm operators themselves, will further
reduce the already shrinking tax revenues governments take in. Which will
be too bad, because these bankrupted farm families will add to the burden
on our welfare and social-service programs.

By moving to a greater reliance on U.S. agriculture, which the
reduction in tariffs will produce, we will also have to confront the
issues of food security and food safety. Should shortages occur in the
uncertain future, will Canadians receive equal treatment with American
consumers? By sacrificing self-sufficiency in essential foodstuffs, we
become critically dependent on the good will of our neighbour.

Relying on U.S. agriculture also means accepting U.S. food standards in
place of our own. Recent evidence that almost 40 per cent of raw chicken
in the United States is contaminated with salmonella offers some idea of
how low American food standards have fallen.

Ultimately it will be up to the federal government to decide whether it
is willing to risk U.S. retaliation and stand up for this new tariff
regime. A full public debate on this issue is necessary, so that the real
consequences of not standing up to the Americans will be apparent.

Anthony Winson teaches rural political economy at the University of
Guelph and is the author of The Intimate Commodity: Food and the
Development of the Agro-Industrial System in Canada (Garamond Press, 1993)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                          December 16, 1999, Thursday

NZ 'at risk of BSE'

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 28; FARMING

LENGTH: 517 words


WELLINGTON -- British cattle semen may be allowed back into New Zealand despite
claims by a rural lobby group that the imported semen may carry mad cow disease.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (MAF) yesterday closed public
submissions on its recommendation to end restrictions on imports.

The Rural Women lobby says the import of British bovine semen exposes New
Zealand to the risk of mad cow disease.

The restrictions were made in 1996 due to concern about bovine spongiform
encephalopathy -- commonly known as mad cow disease.

British authorities have formally requested the lifting of the ban, saying
international animal health authorities had declared semen did not pose a BSE
risk.

MAF intended to permit the resumption of importation of cattle semen because a
refusal to resume trade could not be justified, said MAF's national manager of
risk management for animal biosecurity, Stuart MacDiarmid.

But Rural Women communications officer Tess Casey said in a submission to MAF
that the safety of the agricultural industry should be paramount and
international trade obligations should come second.

"Our members are also concerned that this proposal is being pushed forward by a
small but powerful lobby group, when the majority of New Zealand farmers have
reservations about this issue," she said.

Rural Women president Margaret Millard said New Zealand cattle breeders wanted
to get genes from around the world, "but we just don't think that access is
worth the risk".

MAF could not guarantee there was no risk, and should not jeopardise New
Zealand's image as a clean green country with healthy farming practices, she
said. The latest evidence suggested bovine semen was not a BSE carrier, but "we
are concerned that no one will offer New Zealand farmers a total guarantee".
MAF's advice that the risk was minimal was not good enough, she said.

"BSE is such a serious disease and poses such a threat to the agricultural
industry, that a full guarantee of safety must be given."

But Dr MacDiarmid said many other countries, including the United States,
Canada, and Australia, had accepted the semen was safe.

"There is a compelling body of evidence that BSE is not transmitted in cattle
semen," he said today. "There is no difference in the BSE incidence in bulls
that had the disease compared to the incidence amongst the progeny of bulls that
didn't have the disease."

Federated Farmers meat and fibre producers chairman Chris Lester said his group
thought the risks were slim and it would not be making a submission.

BSE was first identified by the British government's veterinary laboratory in
1986, but New Zealand did not ban imports of British cattle genetic material
until 1989. By then, 236,000 semen straws, 1300 embryos, and 123 live cattle had
been imported -- most of them untraceable. --NZPA

--------------------

CAPTION:

PHOTO: REUTERS A British beef cow at Huddersfield last week. In another trade
scrap over beef, France risks court action over its continuing ban on British
beef.

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 23, 2014 Sunday

Chad Smith: Youth are key to future Ag Week events

BYLINE: By Chad Smith Guest column

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 598 words


As we celebrate National Ag Week, New Mexico Farm & Livestock Bureau would

like to thank you for supporting our state's farmers and ranchers. Agriculture
is important to New Mexico. It's the food on your plate and the clothes on your
back.

Our farmers and ranchers provide the hamburger, chile and onions for your
enchilada. And when the chile gets too hot, alfalfa fields feed the dairy cows
who produce that cool glass of milk. Cotton farmers make possible your favorite
jeans, and our sheep provide wool for your favorite socks and sweaters.

Farming and ranching is our state's third-most important industry, producing
much needed revenue and hundreds of jobs. Farmers and ranchers provide habitat
for wildlife, keep green space green and support our unique rural areas. New
Mexico's agriculture is part of your daily life and has been a part of our state
ever since native peoples pioneered planting techniques such as the Three
Sisters using corn, squash and beans.

But as our agricultural heritage ages, so do our farmers. If you've spent

any time around farmers and ranchers, you know they tend to be practical,

wise, and old. In fact, the United States Department of Agriculture just

released the results of their latest census and it shows that the average

age of farmers rose to 58.3 years of age from the previous census when the

average age was 57.1 years old. Even more concerning is that nearly 258,000

principal operators of farms were 75 or older, up about 6 percent from the

previous survey.

This predicament is compounded by the fact that the number of farms in the
United States fell 4.3 percent, to about 2.1 million. There is no denying that
American agriculture is aging and shrinking at a time when food is in greater
demand as the world's populations is expected to reach 9 billion by 2050.

So what is to be done? We need to grow the next generation of food

producers. New Mexico Farm & Livestock Bureau is proud to have two programs

that do just that. The Young Farmers and Ranchers Committee is a group

comprised of those interested in agriculture, ages 18 35.

The objective of the Young Farmers & Ranchers program is to provide training to
young people for leading roles in agriculture and to foster young farmers and

ranchers through our industry in order to expand their opportunities in

agriculture. This group offers mentoring relationships, opportunities to

network with other food producers across the state, and provides leadership

training.

Another successful youth development program is our Collegiate Farm Bureau

chapter centered at New Mexico State University. Like YF&R, this group is

growing by leaps and bounds and is becoming more active. Collegiate Farm

Bureau allows students at New Mexico State University to maintain a strong

connection and commitment to the agricultural industry while they are away

from the family farm or ranch working on their degree. The program is

designed in a way that members get more exposure to the structure and

workings of Farm Bureau, the state Legislature and agriculture so that they

can become the future leaders in our industry.

As you can see, we have a lot to celebrate during National Ag Week as we

encourage the youth to become involved in agriculture. We expect a lot from

this next generation of food producers, and with better tools, advanced

science and opportunities such as those outlined above, we should be in good

shape to feed the world's next generation of food consumers.

Chad Smith is the CEO of New Mexico Farm & Livestock Bureau, a membership

organization representing the state's farmers and ranchers. Visit us at

nmflb.org .

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 13, 2005 Tuesday

Second-largest ever corn and soy crops expected

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; BUSINESS TICKER: NORTH AMERICA; Pg.
B16

LENGTH: 149 words


U.S. farmers will harvest the second-largest U.S. corn and soybean crops ever,
despite drought and hurricane Katrina, the U.S. government said yesterday, and
market watchers said they expected low prices for months to come. Katrina caused
comparatively minor damage to sugar and cotton crops in Southern states and will
have only a short-term effect on the region's production and exports of chicken
meat, the U.S. Agriculture Department said. The USDA's monthly update of U.S.
farming also said cotton and rice crops, like corn and soybeans, would be the
second largest on record and bigger than predicted a month ago. Analysts in
Chicago were taken aback by the USDA's upward revisions in the size of corn and
soybean crops. Dan Cekander of Fimat Futures called the corn forecast "a big
surprise." Mammoth crops mean large stockpiles that will push crop prices
downward, the USDA said.

Reuters

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         January 5, 1988, Tuesday, ONT

Minister predicts free trade deal to cost farmers up to $80 million

BYLINE: By Bob Boughner Special to The Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 347 words

DATELINE: RIDGETOWN, Ontario


   RIDGETOWN - Ontario's fruit, vegetable and wheat farmers will lose more than
$80 million annually as a result of the Canada-United States free trade
agreement, Ontario Agriculture Minister Jack Riddell says.

"We have simply given away too much and received too little in return," he told
more than 300 southwestern Ontario farmers attending the official opening
yesterday of the 50th annual farmers week program.

Riddell said Ottawa also does not seem to be concerned about the potential
impact of the free trade deal on the giant food processing industry in
southwestern Ontario.

Ontario Premier David Peterson has raised many concerns about the undertaking,
he said, but "unfortunately, they have fallen on deaf ears.

"Prime Minister Mulroney has now signed a document without allowing a full
review of the agreement. And now we're expected to accept everything that's
dealt to us and adjust to a changed economic outlook - one which will alter the
agriculture and food industry for the next 100 years," Riddell said.

The minister said that under the agreement, which will eliminate tariffs over a
10-year period, Ontario's grape and wine industry will also be seriously
jeopardized. And he charged that what Mulroney and his negotiators have failed
to realize is that they're talking about the livelihood of thousands of Ontario
farmers and food processors.

"As it is, farming has been undergoing hard times across Canada. Economic
pressures have forced many farmers into bankruptcy and others into giving up
farming completely," he said.

"Now, with one quick stroke of a pen last Saturday, the federal government is
adding another element to the uncertainty and hardship facing Ontario farmers,"
he added.

Riddell made it clear he is not against an improved trading environment with
Canada's largest trading partner. But he added, "As far as I'm concerned, a
better trading environment should not be built by sacrificing the food
processors of Ontario or, for that matter, our energy future, our auto industry
and our sovereignty as a nation."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Jack Riddell

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 10, 2003 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Welfare Reform for Farmers

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 657 words


A great rift is opening in America's once-impregnable farm lobby. It is a gap
between those forms of agriculture that can prosper on their own and the ones
that must be perpetually propped up by huge subsidies. This is a critical
development if this country is ever going to control the costs of its farm
programs and deal fairly with poor countries that want their chance to prosper
from global trade. The United States has to acknowledge that it can no longer
continue to support hopelessly unprofitable agricultural enterprises, even if
they are in states represented by powerful members of Congress.

This new schism shows up in the debate over proposals to cap the amounts
individual farmers can receive in government aid. Right now, some of the
nation's wealthiest welfare recipients are farmers "earning" taxpayer subsidies
in the high six figures, or more. Senator Charles Grassley, the chairman of the
Finance Committee and an Iowa farmer, has long been eager to impose new limits.
Unfortunately, he was unable to get the Senate to debate an amendment to the
Department of Agriculture's annual funding legislation last week that would set
a new cap on the overall amount farmers can obtain in federal subsidies. Many
Southern senators were eager to avoid the issue.

Of course the senator is right in wanting to place tighter limits on farmers'
checks, and it's important that a representative of a farm state is leading this
charge. The wheat, corn and soybean farmers in Mr. Grassley's area get
subsidies, but they tend to be smaller than those for capital-intensive crops
like rice and cotton farming in the South (and California). Midwestern farmers
also are more enthusiastic about genuine global fair trade. Southern farmers
fear, rightly, that it would mean the end of the huge subsidies that allow them
to export their product at prices below the cost of growing it. One West Texas
cotton farmer jokingly accuses Mr. Grassley of triggering a new civil war.

The farm subsidies are fraudulently sold to the public as a way of propping up
the small family farm, when in reality they only accelerate the concentration of
farming in this country. Taxpayer handouts amount to almost half of the total
net income for American farmers, but two-thirds get no subsidy. Among those who
do, the top 10 percent receive 65 percent of all payments, according to an
analysis by the Environmental Working Group.

It's astonishing that a program can continue to get Congressional support when
it hurts virtually everybody our representatives are supposed to be concerned
about -- small farmers, other taxpayers and poorer nations struggling to join
the global economy. According to a government report issued in September, the
lack of realistic caps on individual subsidies only encourages more
overproduction by large farms. Meanwhile, industrial-scale farms awash in
subsidies have the incentive to accumulate more land, further inflating prices
beyond the reach of modest farmers, many of whom are renters. Smaller farmers
are also afflicted by depressed crop prices.

The 2002 farm bill set a $360,000 cap on an individual's subsidies, but that's
widely abused as farmers create legal entities with interests in the same land,
each entitled to a payment. Still, in opposing Senator Grassley's efforts to
rein in the abuses and to limit payments, earlier this year the National Cotton
Council shamelessly stated that such a move would drive farmers to "make
cropping decisions based on program benefits rather than market signals."

Get it? The cotton lobby would like you to think that smaller payments distort
market realities more than unlimited subsidies. This is the kind of nonsensical
claim underlying the nation's absurd farm policies. Stringent payment limits
would be a step toward some semblance of sanity. Senator Grassley should
persevere.

Harvesting Poverty: Editorials in this series remain online at
nytimes.com/harvestingpoverty.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Harvesting Poverty

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Series; Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           September 27 1988, Tuesday

Professor A. N. Duckham; Obituary

SECTION: Issue 63197.

LENGTH: 533 words


Life of service to agriculture Professor A. N. ('Jim') Duckham, CBE, who died on
September 22, at the age of 85, was an influential figure in the world of
agriculture.

His varied career was one of vast industry in the service of agriculture
worldwide.


Alec Narraway Duckham was born on August 23, 1903 into a business family (from
1945 to 1968 he was vice chairman of Alex Duckham and Company Ltd). His interest
in farming began on his father's farm.

After Oundle he went to Cambridge, where after the Natural Sciences Tripos he
specialized in animal husbandry. In 1926 he was awarded a Royal Agricultural
Society Silver Medal.

He subsequently researched in animal nutrition, first at Cambridge and then at
the Imperial Bureau of Animal Nutrition at the Rowett Research Institute.

At the Rowett he was engaged on a survey, published in 1932, of animal husbandry
in the British Empire the start of the ceaseless broadening of horizons which
continued throughout his working life.

Duckham joined the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries in 1931, and after a
series of responsible posts concerned with livestock industries, he moved to the
Statistics and Intelligence Division of the Ministry of Food. His main wartime
service was as director of the Supply Plans Division, chairman of the Home and
Overseas Agricultural Supplies Committee of the Ministry, and a member of the
Food Supply Board.

From 1945 to 1950 he was the agricultural attache and counsellor in the British
Embassy in Washington, and agricultural adviser to the British High Commission
in Ottawa.

He and a small number of colleagues travelled very widely to visit agricultural
research and development institutions in North America; and their frequent
reports were widely circulated in Britain and in Empire countries. Duckham
returned to London in 1950 as assistant secretary concerned with agricultural
information and defence planning in the Ministry of Agriculture. In 1955 he was
appointed Professor of Agriculture at Reading.

In this influential post he helped to modernize teaching so that systems of
husbandry were taught, not as summaries of established practice but on a basis
of biological sciences which could be related to any environment. Through this
he built up a devoted school of practitioners and research workers.

He also began the systematic analysis of systems of farming in many environments
which has become an outstanding feature of the Reading school. He was the last
sole Professor of Agriculture at Reading: when he retired in 1968, three full
professors were necessary to carry on what he had begun.

Among Duckham's books were: The Fabric of Farming (1958), Agricultural
Synthesis: the Farming Year (1963), Farming Systems of the World (with Geoffrey
Masefield, 1970) and Food Production and Consumption (with John Jones and Eric
Roberts, 1976).

Jim Duckham was a talented painter and a devotee of music including opera; but
in these things, as in his profession, he was modest and unassuming.

In 1932 he married Audrey Polgreen, always known as Polly; her untimely death in
1969 deeply saddened his retirement. He leaves a son and two daughters.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 13, 2003, Saturday

US MOVE ON CONSERVATION

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 93 words


THE United States Department of Agriculture has released a draft National Animal
Agriculture Conservation Framework to help address the conservation challenges
and opportunities of animal agriculture.

"This framework emphasizes the importance of a public-private partnership to
promote environmental stewardship in animal agriculture," said Agriculture
Secretary, Ann M Veneman.

"USDA is committed to working with all interested parities to develop and
implement approaches to help the nation's livestock and poultry producers meet
today's needs."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              July 17, 1988 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

US COUNTS THE COST OF DROUGHT;
EAR TO THE GROUND

BYLINE: Neil Inall

SECTION: REAL AUSTRALIA; Pg. 114

LENGTH: 367 words


THE drought now ravaging parts of the mid-west of the US is the biggest and
worst they have seen in decades and is wiping millions of dollars off this
year's farm incomes.

Latest estimates by the United States Department of Agriculture are that total
US grain production this year will fall 25 per cent, while wheat production will
come back 13 per cent.

That is short-term good news for Australian producers, especially those
producing premium wheats.

However, next year could be a different story once US production gets back to
full steam and with a reduced set-aside area.

Last week's crop report from the USDA said the drought had hit Durum and spring
wheats hardest while winter wheats were left relatively unscathed.

In fact, the yield from the winter crop will be the fourth highest on record.

Hardest hit crop, according to the USDA, is barley which will drop 45 per cent
on production. The corn crop will ease 29 per cent.

Overall, however, the USDA is forecasting a 2 per cent rise this year in world
wheat production to 514.2 million tonnes.

Reflecting the drought, the US is tipping its wheat stocks at the end of June
1989 to be 47 per cent down on the level at the end of June this year.

But while the US drought gets worse, the Australian season gets better.

The Australian Wheat Board this week lifted its latest crop estimate less than
three weeks after the last revision.

The AWB has added one million tonnes to the expected 88-89 harvest, now
forecasting it to come in at 14.4 million tonnes with receivals to the board set
at 12.4 million tonnes.

Warm, wet conditions in Western Australia are adding to the harvest by boosting
yields well above the long term average rate.

According to the AWB, the yield in WA is now likely to be around 1.25 tonnes to
the hectare compared with the 10 year average result of 1.05 t/ha.

With rising world wheat prices, a higher harvest result here will mean increased
money in farmers' pockets by early 1989.

That is about $2 billion in round figures, although after taking away rail and
storage costs, it drops to about $1.4 billion.

But the good season is not all good news. I have heard reports of large numbers
of sheep losses due to over-fat ewes trying to lamb.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       April 9, 1998, Thursday Edition 1

Organic farmers fear US legislation

SECTION: FARMING JOURNAL, Pg. 37

LENGTH: 154 words


   British organic farmers are worried that their high standards could be
diluted by proposed American legislation.

There are plans to introduce genetically modified crops, intensive animal
farming practices, chemicals and antibiotics into American organic farms.

And, if the legislation goes through, there are concerns that the USA will exert
its influence in the next round of GATT talks to insist that Europe follows
suit.

The United States Department of Agriculture recently released a 600 page
document which sets out its standards for all organic agriculture in the US.
Also, the department is proposing to raise the costs of organic registration in
the US so that only the larger growers will be able to afford them.

Natural Law Party spokesman Paul Kember, from Durham, said: "Since genetically
engineered crops went into full production in the US demand for organic food has
grown rapidly."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        DeWitt Era-Enterprise (Arkansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2012

Corn, rice prices drop slightly

BYLINE: DeWitt Era-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 515  words


Corn, rice and cotton were all trading lower by lunch Thursday oh the heels of
the morning's World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates from the
Agriculture Department.

"Although corn ending stocks were not reduced as much as some analysts
anticipated, the current levels are still historically light and will offer
price support through planting," said Scott Stiles, extension economist with the
University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture. "Soybean prices should
remain near current levels to avoid losing too many acres to corn this year."

However, the outlook was not so upbeat for cotton and rice.

"Price-wise, the upside in cotton and rice is.limited, considering world
supplies of cotton and rice have rebuilt to comfortable levels," he said. "Both
of these commodities are struggling to compete in the export market on the heels
of record world production in 2011."

CORN - U.S. corn 2011-12 ending stocks were reduced to 801 million bushels.
Exports were increased by 50 million, while imports were increased by 5 million
bushels. The average pre-report trade estimate was 791 million bushels.

Argentine corn production was reduced4miIlion metric tons from 26 to 22.
Brazilian corn production was unchanged. World 2011-12 projected corn ending
stocks were reduced from last month's 128.14 million metric tons to 125.35
million metric tons.

SOYBEANS - There were no changes to the U.S. soybean balance sheet. Ending
slocks for the 2011 marketingyeararecurrently projected at 275 million bushels;
up from 215 million last year.The average trade pre-report estimate was 273
million bushels.

Soybean production in Brazil and Argentina was reduced, contributing to a cut in
expected world soybean ending stocks from 63.43 million metric tons in January
to 60.28 million metric tons. Chinese imports were lowered by 1 million metric
tons to 55.5 million metric tons.

RICE --The only adjustment to the U.S. rice balance sheet was on the long-grain
side. Exports were cut 1 million hundredweightfrom last month's estimate. Total
long-grain exports are now projected at 58 million hundredweight, compared with
78 million hundredweight last year.

"This sharp reduction in exports is partly attributed to more competition from
Brazil in key Central American markets," Stiles said.

U.S. long-grain ending stocks are down considerably -- 39 percent -- from last
year, falling to 21.6 million hundredweight. U.S. long-grain harvested acreage
also fell 39 percent from 2010 to 2011.

World rice ending stocks were essentially unchanged from last month.

"2012 will continue to offer the price and market volatility we've come to
expect. U.S. corn, cotton, long-grain rice and soybean carryovers are low, and
new crop production will be important, especially in the event of production
shortfalls elsewhere in the world," Stiles said. "Ongoing drought conditions
here in the U.S. are already making the news and will continue to influence the
markets in the months ahead."

For more information on crop production, visit www.uaex.edu,
www.arkansascrops.com or call the Arkansas County Extension Service.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEW

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 DeWitt Era-Enterprise


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           December 20, 2012 Thursday

USDA ups its grain output predictions for 2012/13 season

LENGTH: 462  words


THE United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has increased the forecast of
global wheat stocks by 2.8Mt and they are now set to be 176.95Mt at the end of
the 2012/13 season.

The estimate is above many analysts' expectations, according to the latest
Reuters poll.

The increase to stocks follows higher production and lower demand forecasts.
Production was increased by 3.7Mt to 655Mt, mainly on the back of higher Chinese
production, with increases also for Australia and Canada. These more than offset
smaller EU and Brazilian crops. Total world use is forecast down by 1.2Mt to
674Mt (698Mt 2011/12). The latest estimate of ending stocks equates to 26.3% of
annual consumption, a sizeable increase from 25.8% last month.

Last week's report also saw few alterations to the South American maize and
soyabean crop estimates and tighter US soyabean stocks.

Ahead of the report much of the industry's focus was on the South American maize
and soyabean crops where planting is underway. With rain continuing to disrupt
planting in Argentina, there is growing confidence that some land intended for
maize will shift to the later planted soyabeans.

Helen Plant, an analyst at the Home Grown Cereals Authority, said: "The latest
report from the USDA now forecasts the Argentine maize crop at 27.5Mt, a
reduction of 0.5Mt compared to November's report due to a smaller planted area.

"While this would still be an increase of 6.5Mt from last season's drought
affected crop, the world is looking to South America to provide a boost to tight
global feed grain supplies."

The Brazilian maize crop estimate was left unchanged also from November at 70Mt.
South American soyabean production numbers were left mainly unchanged including
Brazil at 81Mt.

Globally, a larger Chinese crop was the main reason for a 9.4Mt increase to
global maize production to 849Mt - now 33Mt below 2011/12 production. However,
an increase of consumption (again mainly in China) leaves global end-season
stock forecasts largely unchanged at 118Mt. Chinese import demand was also
unchanged at 2Mt.

Significantly, USDA is also reporting that global soybean production was
slightly higher - up 0.12Mt from November to 268Mt. Canadian production was
revised upwards, offsetting a downgrade in EU-27 and Paraguayan production; the
Brazilian and Argentine crop forecasts were unchanged from last month. Global
demand for soybeans was also largely unchanged at 261Mt, with ending stocks
slightly (0.1Mt) lower at 59.9Mt, but still up from last year's 56.0Mt.

In the US, soybean stocks continued to tighten following a small increase to the
domestic crush figure. End-season stocks are now forecast at 3.5Mt, equivalent
to just 4.3% of annual domestic and export demand, down from 4.6% in November
and 5.4% in 2011/12.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 15, 2011

Lewes market awards six scholarships;
Fifth year for local agriculture awards

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 650  words


The Historic Lewes Farmers Market announced that six Delmarva farmers were
awarded scholarships enabling them to attend the Pennsylvania Association for
Sustainable Agriculture Farming for the Future Conference held earlier this
month in State College, Pa.

This marks the fifth year that the Historic Lewes Farmers Market has awarded
scholarships to the conference to local farmers as part of its mission to
promote and strengthen local and sustainable farming.

The following applicants received scholarships: Julia and Ted Wycall of
Greenbranch Farm, Joya Parsons of Quite Contrary Gardens, Deny Howeth from
Hattie's Garden, Larry Armstrong of Two Eagles Farm, Lisa Garfield of Calliope
Organic Farm, and Jeff Martyn and Dea Keen.

Julia and Ted Wycall of Green-branch Organic Farm own a small family farm and
have built it around sustainable principles. They raise and sell certified
organic vegetables and free-range, pastured and foraging pork beef and chicken.

The Wycalls sought more information on pasturing pigs, cattle grazing, vegetable
farming, business planning and nutrition at the conference.

Joya Parsons bases her market garden in Laurel on sustainable principles and
permaculture. She is a beginning farmer and looked forward to learning more
about marketing and running a business at the conference, as well as increasing
her knowledge of organic philosophy and organic agriculture.

Deny Howeth has recently returned to the area from a professional career in New
York City. She wants to work outdoors and seeks to learn about sustainability as
a farmhand at Hattie's Garden's small market garden.

Her specific interests include vermiculture and seed saving, and she pursued
knowledge of those at the conference.

Larry Armstrong grew up on a farm near Smyrna. The farm has gradually
transitioned into a sustainable operation, and Armstrong would like to help his
parents transition into retirement and take on more of the farm
responsibilities.

He is interested in all aspects of sustainable farming and hoped to learn more
at the conference from farmers in similar situations - working with the rest of
his family members to keep the land and continue the farming legacy in a
sustainable manner.

Lisa Garfield and her husband Patrick Buckingham of Calliope Organic Farm
approach sustainable agriculture from both a practical and ideological position.

Their goal is to sustain the land that sustains them. Calliope is certified
naturally grown, uses organic principles and focuses on building the soil
through cover crops, compost and mineral amendments, and their flock of hens.

Garfield and Buckingham looked forward to growing their skills through their
attendance at this year's conference.

Jeffrey Martyn and Dea Keen were focusing on gaining knowledge to help them
start up their own farming operation. They have both been working and learning
as farmhands on sustainable farms and hope to build a sustainable operation
incorporating livestock and vegetables.

The Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture is a nonprofit
organization working to improve the economic prosperity and environmental
soundness of the local food and agricultural systems.

Members work with farmers who not only grow food but are also concerned with the
ecological well-being of the environment and natural resources.

It is the only statewide, member-based sustainable farming organization in the
Northeast and one of the largest in the nation.

This year was the 20th Annual Farming for the Future Conference.

The Historic Lewes Farmers Market, as part of its mission, is delighted to
support this organization and local farmers' interest in attending the yearly
conference. The Historic Lewes Farmers Market provides a family-friendly
community gathering place for consumers to be able to purchase the freshest
local foods available.

For more information about the market, visit historiclewes-farmersmarket.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 21, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

USDA survey to focus on organic producers

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: CONCORD


To learn more about how the growth of organic production is changing the face of
U.S. agriculture, the USDA's National Agricultural Statistics Service will
conduct its first wide-scale survey of organic agricultural producers and
producers in transition to organic agriculture.

"The Organic Production Survey comes in direct response to the growing interest
in organics among consumers, farmers, businesses and others," said Gary Keough,
director of the NASS New England Field Office. "This is an opportunity for
organic producers to share their voices and help ensure the continued growth and
sustainability of organic farming in the United States."

The survey will look at all aspects of organic agriculture during the 2008
calendar year - from production and marketing practices, to income and expenses.

"The results will help shape future decisions regarding farm policy, funding
allocations, availability of goods and services, community development and other
key issues," Keough said. "In addition, the information can help producers make
informed decisions about the future of their own farming operations."

NASS will mail the Organic Production Survey in early May to all known organic
producers in the United States. They are required to respond by June 17. Results
are expected to be available in winter 2009.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Mouse River Journal (Towner, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 22, 2014

USDA expands access to credit to help more beginning and family farmers;
Changes Increase Eligibility and Financing Options for Hard Working Families

BYLINE: Mouse River Journal staff

LENGTH: 536  words


Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will improve farm loans by expanding
eligibility and increasing lending limits to help more beginning and family
farmers. As part of this effort, USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the
microloan program from $35,000 to $50,000; simplify the lending processes;
updating required "farming experience" to include other valuable experiences;
and expanding eligible business entities to reflect chang es in the way family
farms are owned and operated. The changes become effective Nov. 7.

"USDA is continuing its commitment to new and existing family farmers and
ranchers by expanding access to credit," said Harden. "These new flexibilities,
created by the 2014 Farm Bill, will help more people who are considering farming
and ranching, or who want to strengthen their existing family operation."

The microloan changes announced today will allow beginning, small and mid-sized
farmers to access an additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application
process with up to seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued
commitment to small and midsized farming operations.

In addition to farm related experience, other types of skills may be considered
to meet the direct farming experience required for farm loan eligibility such as
operation or management of a non-farm business, leadership positions while
serving in the military, or advanced education in an agricultural field. Also,
individuals who own farmland under a different legal entity operating the farm
now may be eligible for loans administered by USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA).
Producers will have an opportunity to share suggestions on the microloan
process, and the definitions of farming experience and business structures
through Dec. 8, 2014, the public open comment period.

FSA is also publishing a Federal Register notice to solicit ideas from the
public for pilot projects to help increase the efficiency and effectiveness of
farm loan programs. Comments and ideas regarding potential pilot projects will
be accepted through Nov. 7, 2014.

Since 2010, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA -- more than
165,000 loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm
loans now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending
to socially-dis-advantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

These programs were made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on
historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years, while
achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers.
Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each provision
of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and
ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit;
funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of life
in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSE

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Mouse River Journal


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 12, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

A RECORD GRAIN CROP IN '81 FORECAST BY U.S.

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 2; Page 29, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 778 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 11


The Agriculture Department today forecast a record 1981 grain crop that could
mean lower prices for consumers but higher farm subsidy payments for the Reagan
Administration, which is struggling to hold down spending.

In its August report, the department's Crop Reporting Board forecast a record
corn crop exceeding 7.94 billion bushels and repeated last month's predictions
of a record 2.75-billion-bushel wheat crop and a huge soybean crop of more than
2 billion bushels.

For consumers, such an abundance of grain could mean a reduction in farm costs
for feed that should encourage increased hog and poultry production. This might
result in lower retail pork and poultry prices by the end of the year, in the
view of analysts, and prevent any substantial rise in beef prices next winter.

Large Subsidy Foreseen

But lower grain prices for farmers would increase the number of price support
loans on their 1981 crops, raising the Government's expenditures for handling
and storing wheat and corn taken later as payment for the loans.

Average farm prices for wheat are already below the Government's target of
$3.81. Unless they unexpectedly rise above that before Nov.1, direct subsidy
payments to wheat farmers would cost $300 million to $500 million, which would
come out of Mr. Reagan's budget for the fiscal year 1982.

The forecast of record wheat and corn crops was likely to add to Mr. Reagan's
difficulties in trying to get Congress to reduce the costly farm price support
and subsidy levels that its agriculture committees have written into the omnibus
farm bill. The Senate is scheduled to take up the measure next week.

By late this afternoon the Administration had failed to reach a firm compromise
on these loan and subsidy levels with most of the farm state Republicans, who
form a majority on the Senate Agriculture Committee.

Senator Jesse Helms, the North Carolina Republican who heads the committee, said
he would offer amendments to cut almost $1.3 billion from the cost of the Senate
committee's legislation if the Administration would support them.

Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana, said he would also attempt to
amend the committee bill, to give the Agriculture Secretary the authority to set
loan and subsidy payments at any level he chose. Senator Lugar said the
committee's bill in its current form would result in commodity support costs
next year that would exceed the Congressional budget limits by at least $1.5
billion.

Small Soviet Crop Forecast

The only encouraging news for farmers and the Reagan Administration in today's
production forecasts was a new estimate of Soviet grain production, which the
department's Foreign Agriculture Service forecast at 180 million metric tons.
This would be one of the smallest Soviet crops in the past nine years and the
third year in a row in which Soviet wheat and feed grain harvests had fallen far
below that country's goals. The department's previous Russian grain forecast was
185 million tons.

In 1979, when their grain production fell to 179.2 million tons, the Russians
ordered more than 25 million tons of American wheat, corn and soybeans.

With the American wheat harvest completed and the corn and soybean harvests
about to begin, today's forecasts were considered much more accurate than last
month's.
The prediction of a 7.94-billion-bushel corn crop was 3 percent hi gher t han
las t month's estimate. A yield of this magnitude would be19 percent larg er
than last year's drought-reduced crop and slightly greater than th e 1979 record
of 7.93 billion bushels.

Earlier this week Conrad Leslie, a leading private forecaster, predicted that
total corn production would reach 8.04 billion bushels and the soybean 2.04
billion bushels.

The Crop Reporting Board today estimated soybean production at 2.09 billion
bushels, up 15 percent from the 1980 crop of 1.81 billion bushels and close to
the 1979 record of 2.26 billion.

A 1981 wheat crop of more than 2.75 billion bushels would be 16 percent larger
than last year's record crop of 2.37 billion bushels.  There was also good news
for fanciers of peanuts and peanut butter: The board estimated that total peanut
production would reach 3.86 billion pounds, 67 percent more than the
drought-reduced 1980 crop of 2.31 billion pounds.

The board forecast this year's cotton crop at 15.5 million bales, 39 percent
larger than 1980's 11.1 million bales.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                                August 01, 2016

Farming Is a Business - Mutorwa

LENGTH: 230 words


AGRICULTURE minister John Mutorwa says Namibian farmers must look at farming as
a business, and not just to provide for their households.

He was speaking at the official opening of the Agra Rundu branch on Thursday.

"Whether you are a communal farmer or a farmer in the commercial area, farming
is business," the minister informed the gathering which mostly consisted of
farmers from the Kavango East and West regions.

Mutorwa motivated them to always aim for their surplus produce to reach the
markets.

"Of course, I know there are challenges, particularly in the livestock sector,
but government is determined to deal with the issues of diseases which limit the
marketing of our livestock."

Government is putting up quarantine camps, and is increasing animal
vaccinations, he noted.

"By the beginning of next year, a very modern abattoir is going to open here.
The abattoir will also process meat. We must grab opportunities when they come.
So, the issue of farming as a business is very important."

He further indicated that for Namibia to have earned the opportunity to enter
its beef into the United States of America market means that Namibian farmers
are working hard and taking good care of their livestock.

Namibian beef, he said, is a sought-after product internationally, and Namibian
farmers should take pride and comfort in that, despite the ongoing drought in
the country.

- Nampa

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                            January 21, 2000, Friday

US farm aid protest

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2; BRIEF

LENGTH: 72 words


Trade Negotiations Minister Jim Sutton has asked New Zealand's embassy in
Washington to lodge a protest with the US Department of Agriculture at the $ 194
million farm aid package unveiled last weekend. A spokesman for Mr Sutton, who
is also agriculture minister, said he issued the instruction on Tuesday after
learning of the US Government's handouts for sheep farmers.

-- NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 13, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FARMERS HOPEFUL, CAUTIOUS

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 332 words


Farmers expect to sell more produce, livestock and grain to Mexico as a resultof
the North American Free Trade Agreement. But they want to read the fine print on
the document.  ''We're all for an end to any artificial trade barriers,'' said
Charles Harness, a spokesman for the National Pork Producers Council. Mexico is
already the second-largest importer of U.S. pork, Harness added.  But pork
producers also want to be sure that procedures for handling trade disputes with
Mexico do not end up as barriers. The commission that handles trade disputes
between the United States and Canada has heard appeal after appeal of several
disputes, thus delaying settlements indefinitely, Harness said.  ''We think
those procedures should be changed,'' he said.  Soybean growers also see
opportunities to export more soybeans and soybean products to Mexico. The
agreement could help eliminate import duties that Mexico imposes on those
products.  The American Soybean Association says farm exports to Mexico have
tripled since 1987. Soybean and soy meal exports are up 55 percent.  The soybean
group also expects growing demand for soybeans as Mexicans benefit from their
expanding economy. Mexicans currently eat half as much meat and poultry as
Americans. If they want to improve their diet by adding more meat, livestock
producers will buy more soybean products for feed, the association says.  Robert
Spitze, a farm economics professor at the University of Illinois, said Canadian
wheat growers may have advantages over American growers, but dairy, poultry,
fruit and vegetable markets in Canada may buy more U.S.  goods. Americans will
want assurances that food imports from Mexico are safe, Spitze said. American
fruit growers will face more competition from Mexican growers, too.  Tim Kelly,
Missouri's agriculture director, said, ''I think this is a big plus for Missouri
agriculture and agriculture in the Midwest. Mexico - the world - wants what we
produce in the Midwest.''

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday

Agriculture Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: URBANDALE, Iowa


Show to feature live demonstrations

The Iowa Soybean tent, sponsored by the Iowa Soybean Association and Iowa
Soybean Promotion Board, will feature live demonstrations at the Farm Progress
Show. The show runs from 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday to Thursday near Alleman,
Iowa.

Dr. Tracy Blackmer, director of research for the Iowa Soybean Association, will
give a presentation on the On-Farm Network and the importance of conducting
on-farm strip trials. Blackmer and Matt Nelson, association research
coordinator, will answer questions on remote sensing, aerial imagery, nitrogen
management and other crop production topics.

Growers who have their own aerial images are invited to bring them for analysis.
Blackmer and Nelson also can provide tips on shooting aerial photos.

Heath Ellison, agriculture environmental specialist for the Iowa Soybean
Association, will describe a program that helps farmers deal with environmental
issues while focusing on improving their bottom line.

Cow-Calf Field Day scheduled in Lancaster

LANCASTER, Wis. - The 2004 University of Wisconsin Lancaster Ag Research Station
Cow-Calf Field Day will be held from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. on Sept. 7.

The program will feature live animal demonstrations on ultrasound technology,
animal identification, body condition scoring and forage quality, winter feeding
and nutrition issues.

Cost is $10 at the door.

Pre-register by calling Grant County Extension at 608/723-2125; Lancaster
Research Station, 608/723-2580; or Iowa County Extension, 608/935-0391.

Corn plot meeting slated in Jo Daviess County

ELIZABETH, Ill. - The Jo Daviess County corn plot meeting is at 10:30 a.m. Sept.
7 at the Wayne Simmons farm, East Stockton Road, Stockton.

The Simmons' conventional tillage plot includes nearly 60 corn hybrids. A light
lunch will be served at 11:45 a.m. with the plot discussion at 12:15 p.m.

Maquoketa Valley group plans tour at area farm

MAQUOKETA, Iowa - Maquoketa Valley Producers Inc. will host a tour this week at
the Doug and Ruth Ann Scott farm to view commercial fruit and vegetable
production.

The tour will begin at 6 p.m. Tuesday at the sweet corn field just west of the
marsh between Baldwin and Monmouth. Turn south from Iowa 64 onto 33rd Avenue.

Appreciation supper set in Clayton County

ELKADER, Iowa - The Clayton County Fair Appreciation Supper is scheduled to be
held at 6 p.m. on Monday at Floral Hall, which is located on the Clayton County
Fairgrounds.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 25, 2000

Top economist says slump will go on

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Agriculture: Finance, Pg.21

LENGTH: 335 words


THE agricultural depression that has swept the world looks likely to continue
and could well get deeper in the short term, America's chief agricultural
economist warned yesterday.

Keith Collins, of the US Department of Agriculture, warned of a 20% crash in
farm incomes in his country this year to just over GBP 30billion - the lowest
level since 1986.

And he said the US government was likely to plough in another GBP 10billion in
emergency aid over the coming 12 months as farm incomes were expected to remain
"very weak".

Ths US gave its farmers GBP 15billion in assistance last year to cover the
shortfall in incomes caused by the crash in world commodity prices. The latest
GBP 297million was paid out last week to the nation's oilseed producers.
Dairymen previously had GBP 203million in aid and sheep producers GBP 63million.

The aid packages are in stark contrast to the UK situation, where Prime Minister
Tony Blair has said it is up to the industry to resolve its own difficulties.
But with 2million farmers in the US and a huge agricultural pressure lobby, the
government is often forced to act.

Mr Collins said the federal assistance had ensured that an economic crisis on US
farms had not materialised.

But his forecast of continuing difficulties on the agricultural commodity
markets will do nothing to boost flagging confidence elsewhere in the world,
which still looks on the US as the global indicator for the agricultural
economy.

Mr Collins told the forum that the downturn in the US agricultural economy had
been a severe, with many commodity prices at 30-year lows.

But on the brighter side, he said global economies were improving and the
balance sheets for America's farmers remained strong as they had helped
themselves through the difficulties by delaying equipment purchases and paying
off debts.

He said the outlook for livestock and poultry was more encouraging than for
crops.

US cattle prices are expected to increase 5% because of a fall in animal
numbers.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 4, 2012 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Farmers share love for the land

BYLINE: KAITLYN WALSH, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 575 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Minnesota Food Association's Immigrant and Minority Farmers
Conference brought together people from near and far interested in growing,
connecting and building community.


Soil connects people to history, according to Jose Luis Villasenor.

Farming has always been a part of Villasenor's life. In the 1960s, his father
left his family in Mexico to work on farms in the United States as part of the
Bracero program, which allowed Mexican nationals to work in the United States.
Now Villasenor grows chili peppers and onions in his back yard in Minneapolis'
Phillips neighborhood and will try to plant corn this year so his family can
make its own tortillas.

Villasenor, 36, was among more than 200 farmers attending the Minnesota Food
Association's Immigrant and Minority Farmers Conference in St. Paul on Friday,
connecting with others who have similar visions of overcoming racial inequities
and building community in farming.

Villasenor, who was born in Alaska and spent a few years of his childhood in
Mexico, is executive director of Tamales y Bicicletas, a Latino-led
environmental justice initiative in Minneapolis. He works with Latino youths to
connect them to their culture through alternative transportation and access to
local and organic food.

"It is important for young people, particularly Latinos and inmigrantes to be
connected to soil," Villasenor said. He said the annual conference is a way to
"make that real-life connection with people that look like us and speak our
language" and to share resources.

The conference brought together farmers who came to the United States from
places as far-flung as Laos, Mexico and Guatemala. Many of the attendees needed
language interpreters during the workshops, which covered a variety of topics,
including organic farming and how to farm in Minnesota's climate.

About 330 people registered for the event, including 230 farmers, up from about
170 farmers who attended last year, according to Glen Hill, executive director
of the Minnesota Food Association. People came from Ohio, Nebraska, Wisconsin,
Kentucky and Iowa, and many had attended one of the six previous conferences.

"The majority of people are people of color and immigrants," Hill said. "It
really has a different flavor and atmosphere to it."

After grabbing some lunch Friday, everyone gathered to talk about why they love
farming. LaDonna Sanders-Redmond, senior program associate for the Institute for
Agriculture and Trade Policy in Minneapolis, facilitated the storytelling.

To get things going, Sanders-Redmond told her own story. While living in
Chicago, she started to farm in order to feed her son, whose allergies to dairy,
eggs, shellfish and peanuts required a special diet. Fresh produce was
expensive, and when she saw how cheap seeds were, she decided to plant her own
vegetables.

"My love for working the land is really about the love I have for my child,"
Sanders-Redmond said. She eventually organized urban farming in her community,
where vacant lots would be converted to urban farm sites.

Teng Lee, 19, is a farm steward for the Youth Farm and Market Project, which
builds youth leadership in the Twin Cities through growing and selling food from
gardens and greenhouses. He attended the conference Friday to learn more about
urban agriculture.

Lee, whose parents immigrated from Laos and Thailand before he was born, has
watched his mom farm his whole life. She has a garden in their back yard where
she grows Thai peppers to make into a hot paste to cook with "anything and
everything," he said.

Kaitlyn Walsh is a University of Minnesota journalism student on assignment for
the Star Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 10, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

HARD HIT JERSEY FARMERS SEE HOPES FADING

BYLINE: By MICHAEL NORMAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1198 words

DATELINE: MOUNT HOLLY, N.J., July 7


Farmers tend to look at the world differently from the people they feed. Even in
a field full of promise, some will talk of nothing but hard luck. A truckload of
healthy sweet corn on its way to market - a sign of prosperity to some - usually
reminds a vegetable grower of low prices, high interest rates and the changing
fortunes of life between harvests.

Ray Samulis has become accustomed to the farmer's lament. He hears it season
after season traveling the circuit here in his job as a Burlington County
agricultural agent in South Jersey. Farmers, of course, have been complaining
about their lot since the days of the horse-drawn plow. ''If every farmer who
ever said he was going to quit, quit,'' Mr. Samulis said, ''there wouldn't be
any left in this country.''

This growing season, however, Mr. Samulis has noticed that the grousing is less
good-natured and ''more chronic'' than usual. From packing house to front porch,
he now hears the same message: In troubled economic times, agriculture seems
especially hard hit, and, unlike some other industries, it appears powerless to
offset the forces that buffet it.

In 1980, for example - the last year for which complete statistics are available
- the combined cash receipts of New Jersey farmers, their sales, increased by
only 4 percent over the year before while their expenses went up by more than 14
percent. The result was that the state's 9,300 farmers absorbed a loss in net
income of more than $46 million.

Although agriculture in New Jersey is only a $500-million-a-year business and
ranks well below the state's petrochemical and manufacturing industries, it has
long been of cultural and historical importance. New Jersey, after all, is the
Garden State.

Nationally, the state was a leader in 1980 in the production of several crops
like blueberries, cranberries and peaches. However, it ranks 38th in the amount
of crops sold at market.

In some quarters, like the high-rise state offices in Trenton, the loss of farm
income in New Jersey is cause for deep concern. ''I don't know how we're going
to work it out, but we have to make farming a profitable venture, otherwise we
can't keep it here,'' said Arthur R. Brown Jr., the state's new Secretary of
Agriculture.

In other quarters - like those along the dirt and gravel farm roads of
Burlington County - the numbers give rise to anger. ''I could go out and get a
job anywhere and make more money than I am now,'' said Anthony Russo, a fruit
and vegetable grower in Tabernacle, a small community not far from the county
seat here.

On a recent afternoon, Mr. Samulis made a visit to Mr. Russo's 350-acre farm to
check the effect of pesticides in an insect-control program. But the talk
quickly turned from tufted apple bud moths and red-banded leaf rollers to what
some farmers see as their real nemesis, the crop broker.

Ruled by Supply and Demand

''People don't realize it,'' Mr. Russo began, ''but brokers set the prices and
that's what we get. They decide what a crop will go for when they put it on the
market. And the broker makes as much as the farmer does for the same package of
vegetables.''

In general, prices follow a simple supply and demand formula; the more tomatoes
on the market at a particular time, the lower the price. ''Farmers don't make
prices,'' the old saw goes, ''they take them.''

There is also a feeling in the fields that during a recession people cut their
weekly food budgets. ''I would have sworn that this wouldn't be true,'' Mr.
Samulis said. ''But the first thing people cut when the money gets tight is
food.''

Meanwhile, the costs of doing business, everything from feed to fuel, are going
up. High interest rates have a doubly chilling effect on agriculture. Most
farmers most borrow money to buy the supplies they need to start the season.

Flood of Job Seekers

''They used to borrow at 4 percent,'' Mr. Samulis said. ''Now they're borrowing
at 14 percent.'' With high interest rates, real estate developers and builders
are no longer lining up to buy farmland and farmers can no longer rely on land
sales to bail them out of a financial disaster. In effect, land has lost its
traditional role as the farmer's best asset.

The recession, however, has brought with it some good. With the building slump,
there is more available land for farming, and state officials report that the
number of acres in crop production has increased slightly. And farmers say that
they are besieged with job applications for field work - labor that previously
only high school students or migrants workers would take.

But overall, said Mr. Samulis, ''farming in New Jersey is on shaky ground.''

'I'm Not Quitting'

And yet, counter to the best economic logic, none of this seems to have stilled
the farming spirit or cooled the ardor of the men in the fields. ''I'm not
quitting,'' said Mr. Russo, echoing the cry of his professional kinsmen across
the county. ''I've been here all my life. Farming is just something you get in
your blood.''

As for Mr. Samulis, he, too, seems to have caught the farming bug, though he has
never broken ground for a living. He grew up in a New Jersey suburb near
Philadelphia and spent his summers touring the countryside and looking at the
fields. He earned a master's degree in agriculture from Cornell University and,
at 31 years old, has been a county agent for six years.

The Agricultural Psyche

His job is to convey to farmers new developments in agricultural research and
techniques and, in turn, to take their problems back to the laboratory. He also
serves as a back-road psychologist, an analyst of the agricultural psyche and
collector of farming folklore and myth. Here, in random order, are some of his
mental jottings:

''I think a lot of farmers like to complain even if they're making a million
dollars a year. But the one question you never ask a farmer is how much he
makes. They're really touchy about that.

''Yes, most people believe that farm families are really wholesome. Yet I know
farming kids who are on drugs and others who have been arrested. You also think
of farm wives sitting at home baking apple pie. No, no, they're often right out
there driving the tractor.

''Farming offers a retirement option no other job has. A farmer can work the
fields until he drops dead - and a lot of them do.  ''Some days, when I look at
what's growing in the fields, I say to myself that I could do this and make a
fortune. Other days when I look at the heartaches and aggravation they go
through, I say to myself I just don't have the stamina to go through this day in
and day out.

''I've seen farmers who have quit and when the first warm day of plowing comes
around they're crawling up the walls.  ''Is there still some romance in farming?
I guess so. There's still nothing like the smell of fresh tilled soil in the
spring.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Anthony Russo (Page 26)

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 31, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Price of Hogs Holds Steady As Rising Supply Is Seen

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 367 words


Pork producers plan to continue expanding their output in the new year, the
Government reported yesterday, but the rate of growth may be slowing.

The quarterly Agriculture Department report showed the United States hog herd
was 4 percent larger on Dec. 1 than on the corresponding date last year. The
report held no surprises for the hog futures market, which settled narrowly
mixed ahead of the report.

Live hogs for February delivery rose 0.05 cent, to 43.60 cents a pound, on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

February live cattle ended 0.10 cent lower, at 76.17 cents a pound; January
feeder cattle fell 0.08 cent, to 85.97 cents a pound, and February frozen pork
bellies rose 0.55 cent, to 37.85 cents a pound.

The Agriculture Department said there were 54.7 million hogs and pigs on United
States farms as of Dec. 1, compared with 52.7 million a year earlier. Producers
told the agency they expected a 3 percent increase in pig births in the
December-February quarter and a 1 percent increase in the March-May quarter.

Analysts' Assessments Divided

Analysts were divided in their assessments of how the report would affect hog
prices, which have been relatively high in the fourth quarter because of strong
consumer demand for pork.

Crude oil prices edged lower in uneventful trading on the New York Mercantile
Exchange.

Light crude for February delivery dropped 5 cents, to $19.59 a barrel; January
home heating oil rose 0.11 cent, to 56.90 cents a gallon; January unleaded
gasoline fell 0.13 cent, to 53.89 cents a gallon, and February natural gas
slipped 0.6 cent, to $1.695 for 1,000 cubic feet.

Lumber for January delivery surged $4.30, to $281.50 for 1,000 board feet, on
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange on new signs of economic recovery and tight
lumber supplies. The Government said yesterday that its Index of Leading
Economic Indicators rose eight-tenths of 1 percent in November, the biggest rise
in 10 months.

Wheat futures rebounded modestly on the Chicago Board of Trade, halting a
two-day slide on word of stronger export sales and quality problems with the
Australian wheat crop. Oat futures also rose while corn and soybean futures
ended mostly lower.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          December 12, 2007 Wednesday

County's ag record is lauded;
Lancaster farmland a model for success

BYLINE: Larry Alexander, Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Lancaster County is a national role model in farmland preservation and a leader
in agriculture.

That lofty praise was delivered to more than 150 county residents and civic
leaders by Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture Secretary Dennis Wolff on
Tuesday, during an address sponsored by Lancaster County Planning Commission.

Wolff spoke in the renovated 1855 barn at Country Barn Farm Market, 211 S.
Donnerville Road.

He said Lancaster County's billion-dollar-a-year ag industry is bigger than the
ag economy in some states.

"The agriculture economy in this county is just something that most other
secretaries of agriculture, at least in the eastern part of the United States,
find hard to believe," Wolff said.

Lancaster County is blessed with "some of the best topsoil in the world," Wolff
said. The problem is the "continuing battle to keep the topsoil in farming."

That battle is another place where the county shines.

"We recently came to realize that you have the largest farmland preservation
program in the United States," Wolff said. "We knew it was one of the largest
agricultural counties in the nation, but through the great work of the Lancaster
County Farmland Preservation Trust and our state farmland preservation program,
you have now become the county that has made the largest investment and has the
most farms preserved of any county in the United States."

Wolff, who lives in Columbia County but whose roots trace back to Quarryville,
said the county, with its "great farms" and "great lifestyle," is "precious to
each and every one of you, and is certainly worth protecting and preserving."

Wolff praised the Blue Ribbon Commission for Agriculture, sponsored by the
Lancaster County Commissioners, in developing a new strategic plan in regards to
agriculture, which he said was "very, very well done."

Wolff said the county is on the right track in balancing agriculture with the
growth of population and needs for further development.

He said in his home area of Columbia County, officials planned poorly when it
came to subdividing farmland, by requiring that one house be built per two
acres.

"Looking back, it was a poor decision," he said. "When you put one house on two
acres, you're taking two acres of agriculture land out of production."

By leaning toward high density housing and urban growth boundaries, Lancaster
County planners, Wolff said, "keep agriculture at the heart and center of
decisions that they make."

Wolff said farming and development coexist well in Lancaster County, compared to
other parts of the state.

"When you look at how much ag there is here in this county, and you look at how
many people live here, it's done very, very well," he said. "It's something you
should be very proud of and something I think will be critical in terms of
moving ahead in preserving what is truly the wonderful natural resources you've
been given here."

E-mail: lalexander@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          June 21, 1988, Tuesday, ONT

Nut trees suggested to replace tobacco

BYLINE: Special to The Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 433 words

DATELINE: NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ontario


   NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE - Doug Campbell points to his orchard and says, "Nuts."

That's his answer to tobacco farmers worried about declining markets and grape
producers facing the loss of tariff protection.

After 20 years of test-growing many varieties of nut trees and selling saplings
from his two-acre farm, the Niagara College horticulture teacher says he can't
see any reason why farmers couldn't cash in with hazelnuts, heartnuts, almonds,
walnuts and chestnuts.

He says the provincial agriculture ministry is studying potential markets for
the crops and he is helping by working out the costs of starting a large nut
operation.

He says that, based on Pennsylvania heartnut growers' figures, an Ontario grower
could probably make $1,500 an acre when the trees are fully grown.

Campbell compares the potential for nut farming in Ontario to the discovery by
New Zealand that kiwi fruit could become a major export item.

Sandy soil

"You must offer something that tempts people," he said. "The only way to thrive
in agriculture is to appeal to new trends."

Campbell says he thinks chestnuts would do well in tobacco country, growing
about eight feet a year in its sandy soil, while hazelnuts, pecans, English
walnuts and heartnuts would prosper in the clay soils of the Niagara Peninsula.

He says California walnut growers receive $350 million in direct sales alone,
while Oregon exports almost $8 million of hazelnuts to Canada.

He thinks Ontario farmers could supply the Canadian market, as well as export to
the United States and overseas.

Campbell says nut crops need little in the way of spraying, unlike apples and
other tender fruit. In addition, greenhouses are not needed to grow saplings,
refrigeration is not required and, since harvest timing is not crucial, labor
costs are lower, he says.

But, despite Campbell's optimism, an Ontario nut industry could be a long way
off.

Arthur Loughton, manager of the transition crop team at the agriculture
ministry, says questions about the trees' irrigation and drainage requirements,
as well as about what soils are best for them, still have to be answered.

He added that the economics of nut-growing in Ontario are unknown, large-scale
experimentation is required and, with no government subsidies available for crop
placement, farmers might be hestitant about switching.

Lana Byl, a grape grower and president of the Ontario Grape Growers Action
Committee, says even switching from one type of grape to another can be
expensive, since vines take five years to reach the production stage.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STAR PHOTO: Doug Campbell and nuts.

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Ohio County Times-News (Hartford, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 1, 2009

Governor proclaims month of October as Sheep and Goat Month in Kentucky

BYLINE: The Ohio County Times-News staff

LENGTH: 213  words


Gov. Steve Beshear recognized two of Kentucky's livestock industries by
proclaiming October 2009 Sheep & Goat Month in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Gov. Beshear signed a proclamation in recognition of the importance of these
industries to the commonwealth.

Kentucky has historically been a focal point for sheep production in the eastern
United States. Additionally, Kentucky has taken a leadership role in the
emerging goat industry, a fast-growing segment of American agriculture.

According to the 2007 Census of Agriculture, Kentucky raised 91,227 goats on
4,808 farms and 36,996 sheep on 1,436 farms.

During this month, the Kentucky Sheep & Goat

Development office asks you to join with them in celebrating these important
food and fiber industries. For more information on Kentucky's sheep and goat
industries contact the Kentucky Sheep & Goat Development office at (502)
352-2434 or by e-mail at info@kysheepandgoat.org

Here are just a few of the sheep/goat related events taking place around the
commonwealth in October:

Oct. 2-4 Ky. Wool Festival Kincaid Lake State Park (Falmouth, Ky.)

Oct. 15 KSU Third Thursday Workshop: Goats KSU Farm (Frankfort)

Oct. 17 Ky. Sheep & Wool Producers/Ky. Goat Producers Joint Annual Meeting
Franklin Co.

Cooperative Extension

Office (Frankfort).

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TNH

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2009 The Ohio County Times-News


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            October 23, 2009 Friday

Nuffield scholarship won

BYLINE: KNOWLES Ian; McGILL Paul; REID Desiree

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARMING; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 200 words


South Canterbury dairy farmer Desiree Reid is one of three members of the
farming industry to receive a Nuffield farming scholarship.

Reid sits on the Fonterra Shareholders Council and will receive $35,000 for the
scholarship, as will the other scholars, Masterton farmer Paul McGill, and Ian
Knowles, farms director at Telford Rural Polytechnic, Southland.

Reid owns a 132ha dairy farm at Winchester and has a strong financial background
with an interest in corporate governance.

She intends to use her scholarship to look at developing growth strategies for
co-operatives.

McGill manages a 380ha mixed cropping and lamb finishing operation and is
Federated Farmers Wairarapa Grain & Seed chairman.

He will use the scholarship to study a systems approach to farming with a focus
on catchment strategies, while Knowles proposes to study training requirements
within agriculture.

The trio will attend a Contemporary Scholars Conference in the United States in
March and will then travel on a six-week global focus programme where they will
be introduced to a wide range of industries on the international stage.

The trip is designed to broaden their thinking about agriculture's role on the
international economy.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                          September 19, 1990 Wednesday

Big US grain crop dampens prices

BYLINE: ROBERT G LEWIS

LENGTH: 319 words


WASHINGTON, DC: The United States soon will harvest its fifth-largest crop of
corn (maize) on record, the US Department of Agriculture predicted last week.

But the US soybean harvest in contrast was forecast to fall 5 per cent below
last year's crop to 50 million tons.

Despite higher forecasts of soybean production in other countries, global use is
forecast to exceed production, reducing global ending stocks to only 15 per cent
of use from 18 per cent during the past two years. The forecast of production of
spring-sown wheat was raised substantially above the August prediction, and far
higher (up 35 per cent) than last year's drought-ravaged crops.

Based on these forecasts, USDA foresees lower prices for coarse grains and
wheat, and higher prices for soybeans and soy products.

It believes the season's average farm price of corn (maize) will be down by
$6.35/tonne - new which immediately depressed prices in US commodity markets, as
is likely in international markets too.

Its forecast for season average farm price for soybeans was unchanged at $US202
to $US257 a tonne, potentially a sharp rise above last year's average of $US209
a tonne, and it has forecast a further drop in farm prices for wheat in 1990/91
of $US4 to $US11 a tonne to $US94-$US105 a tonne.

At 206 million tonnes the September forecast of US corn (maize) production was
raised by 3 per cent over last month's figure and 8 per cent over the 1989 crop.

The expected yield is forecast at a record national average of 7.64 tonnes a
hectare.

Forecasts of 1990 production of barley also were raised above the August
forecast and 1989 actual but out-turns of sorghum and oats are forecast to be
down from last year's. Total US production of all coarse grains, including corn
(maize), however, would be 6 per cent over the 1989 actual, and the global total
is up nearly 3 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                          September 19, 1990 Wednesday

Big US grain crop dampens prices

BYLINE: ROBERT G LEWIS

LENGTH: 319 words


WASHINGTON, DC: The United States soon will harvest its fifth-largest crop of
corn (maize) on record, the US Department of Agriculture predicted last week.

But the US soybean harvest in contrast was forecast to fall 5 per cent below
last year's crop to 50 million tons.

Despite higher forecasts of soybean production in other countries, global use is
forecast to exceed production, reducing global ending stocks to only 15 per cent
of use from 18 per cent during the past two years. The forecast of production of
spring-sown wheat was raised substantially above the August prediction, and far
higher (up 35 per cent) than last year's drought-ravaged crops.

Based on these forecasts, USDA foresees lower prices for coarse grains and
wheat, and higher prices for soybeans and soy products.

It believes the season's average farm price of corn (maize) will be down by
$6.35/tonne - new which immediately depressed prices in US commodity markets, as
is likely in international markets too.

Its forecast for season average farm price for soybeans was unchanged at $US202
to $US257 a tonne, potentially a sharp rise above last year's average of $US209
a tonne, and it has forecast a further drop in farm prices for wheat in 1990/91
of $US4 to $US11 a tonne to $US94-$US105 a tonne.

At 206 million tonnes the September forecast of US corn (maize) production was
raised by 3 per cent over last month's figure and 8 per cent over the 1989 crop.

The expected yield is forecast at a record national average of 7.64 tonnes a
hectare.

Forecasts of 1990 production of barley also were raised above the August
forecast and 1989 actual but out-turns of sorghum and oats are forecast to be
down from last year's. Total US production of all coarse grains, including corn
(maize), however, would be 6 per cent over the 1989 actual, and the global total
is up nearly 3 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

Energy access is important for Pennsylvania agriculture

BYLINE: By Beth Downey

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 545 words


Agriculture is the largest industry in Pennsylvania, contributing more than $67
billion annually in economic output across more than 7.75 million acres of
agricultural land.

But when we think about farming in the commonwealth, it is important to
understand that our sector is increasingly energy dependent. As the farming
industry looks to what the future may hold, we see development of robust energy
as indispensable.

Farming depends on access to reliable energy supplies. From crop-drying to
powering equipment, natural gas and gas liquids like propane are increasingly
important to a successful farming operation. Greater access to low-cost natural
resources will drive down electrical generation costs and decrease costs of
major agriculture inputs like fertilizer.

For the Pennsylvania State Grange, which is the oldest agricultural and rural
advocacy organization of its kind in the United States, ensuring that our
industry has long-term access to clean energy is a critical need.

Access to stable energy supplies requires building or upgrading necessary
infrastructure. The Mariner East pipeline projects, for example, will provide
consumers with greater access to fuels such as propane for manufacturing,
farming and residential needs.

The proposed Mariner East projects and Sunoco Logistics' plans for revitalizing
the Marcus Hook Industrial Complex into a regional energy distribution hub, can
only be positives for the state's agricultural sector and the state's economy.
These projects will not only create jobs and economic activity and generate tax
revenue for communities, the MHIC revitalization will attract new investment to
the region, helping to sustain growth for the long term.

Pipelines are also proven to be the safest and most efficient means of
transporting energy. The pipeline industry has come a long way since the first
recorded pipeline was laid from the first oil well in Titusville, Penn., back in
1862. Our industry is familiar with the safety record of pipelines, because many
of those pipes have run through our farms for decades.

By embracing new pipelines such as the Mariner East project, our state will see
a more stable, more affordable source of natural gas for farmers, while
protecting the long-term integrity of the region's environment and farmland.

Farmers recognize the myriad benefits and support new energy infrastructure
investments. However, we are also, foremost, stewards of Pennsylvania's
agricultural land. We will continue to work with pipeline companies to minimize
impacts to our farmland and ensure that land is restored to support long-term
agricultural productivity. We believe that proposed infrastructure developments
such as the Mariner East projects in Pennsylvania have found the right balance
between economic benefit, additional access to affordable energy and respect for
the land that provides our livelihoods.

With responsible land protection practices and mutual respect for the land,
combined with the highest safety standards in pipeline construction and
operation, we can care for Pennsylvania's rich agricultural history and realize
the economic benefits and national energy security made possible by a modern
natural gas infrastructure system.

Downey is the president of the Pennsylvania State Grange.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 11, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Cattle Prices Are Increasing

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 10


Cattle prices are being pushed higher this fall by hefty demand and smaller
supplies, but analysts at the Agriculture Department say consumers may not see
much further effect at retail beef counters.

''Livestock producers are coping with substantially higher feed costs as a
result of the 1988 drought,'' the department's Economic Research Service said in
a new issue of Agricultural Outlook magazine. But the agency added that
''producers are adjusting gradually, without major liquidations or drops in
production.''

Cash receipts from livestock sales are expected to rise slightly from last
year's $76.2 billion, but higher feed costs will reduce net incomes.

Market prices of fed cattle dropped to the mid-$60's per 100 pounds by late
September from more than $71 earlier in the month as more animals went to
slaughter.

''The relatively strong prices this summer reflected increased demand for beef
exports and continued strong demand by retail, hotel, restaurant and
institutional establishments at a time of nearly record retail prices,'' the
report said. But, the report added, the rising cattle prices ''are not expected
to push retail beef prices much higher'' because the markup between producer and
consumer ''should begin to narrow and a larger share of the consumer's dollar
will be returned to producers.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 27, 1995, Thursday

AGRICULTURAL TRADE LEADS

BYLINE: Supplied by the US Department of Agriculture

SECTION: FOREIGN TR, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 3706 words


Trade leads are supplied by:

U.S. Department of Agriculture

Foreign Agricultural Service

AgExport Services Division

Room 4939-South Bldg.

Washington, D.C. 20250-1000

Contact: Jeff Hesse

(202) 720-7103 HOW TO USE:

Trade leads are sent to the USDA from U.S. agricultural attaches, counselors and
agricultural trade officers posted overseas. Questions regarding a specific lead
should be directed to the foreign buyer. The U.S. Department of Agriculture does
not guarantee the reliability of the overseas inquirer who is requesting U.S.
food and agricultural products. While the USDA makes every effort to reproduce
the request as accurately as possible, the USDA does not assume responsibility
for any erroneous information that may have been supplied.  OTHER INFORMATION:

For additional assistance and information on export services provided by the
USDA, contact the AgExport Services Division office at the above address.

Chicken breasts/legs

Quantity: 200 mt. Quality: without skin. Delivery: to be determined. Quote: fob
U.S. port. Bank: Banco Nacional del Comercio-Chapinero, Bogota. Contact: Carlos
Gonzalez, Condimentos el Rey, Diag. 43 Sur No. 55A-55, Bogota, Colombia. Tel:
571 204 5621. Fax: 571 270 5762.

USDA Ref: 2694-950720-301B0294

Colombia Pheasant chicks

Quantity: 5,000 chicks. Quality: good. Delivery: to be determined. Quote: fob
U.S. port. Bank: Banco Ganadero-Chapinero, Bogota. Contact: Jaime A. Sanchez,
Calle 54 No. 5-11, Bogota, Colombia. Tel: 571 211 9634.

USDA Ref: 2696-950720-301B0296

Colombia Prepared animal feeds

Quantity: 50 mt/month. Quality: pheasant and rabbit feeds. Delivery: to be
determined. Quote: fob U.S. port. Bank: Banco Ganadero-Chapinero, Bogota.
Contact: Jaime A. Sanchez, Calle 54 No. 5-11, Bogota, Colombia. Tel: 571 211
9634.

USDA Ref: 2699-950720-301B0299

Colombia Fresh garlic

Quantity: 1,000 kilos. Quality: large heads. Delivery: Buenaventura seaport.
Quote: fob U.S. port. Bank: Banco Industrial Colombiano, Palmira. Contact: Marta
Cecilia Garcma, Productos y Alinos Blanquita, Cra. 18 No. 33-13, Palmira
(Valle), Colombia. Tel: 5722 75 7506. Fax: 5722 72 3693.

USDA Ref: 2700-950720-301B0300

Colombia Milking goats

Quantity: 100 goats. Quality: purebred milk producing breeds. Delivery: to be
determined. Quote: fob U.S. port. Bank: Banco Ganadero-Chapinero, Bogota.
Contact: Jaime A. Sanchez, Calle 54 No. 5-11, Bogota, Colombia. Tel: 571 211
9634.

USDA Ref: 2698-950720-301B0298

Colombia Joint venture, livestock operations

Colombian investor has a hog farm (with 1,500 hogs) and a beef cattle operation
(100 head). He also has good experience in broiler production. He wants to go
into a joint venture with an American investor to either expand his hog
operation or to start a poultry operation. He is also interested in technical
assistance, with joint venture or without it. Bank: Caja Agraria- Chapinero,
Bogota. Contact: Esteban Diaz, Sociedad Agroindustriales Diaz Gutierrez, Calle
16 No. 58-21, Bogota, Coloombia. Tel: 571 262 4230.

USDA Ref: 2701-950720-301B0301

Colombia Edible poultry meat meal

Quantity: 40 mt. Quality: for human consumption. Delivery: to be determined.
Quote: fob U.S. port. Bank: Banco Nacional del Comercio-Chapinero, Bogota.
Contact: Carlos Gonzalez, Condimentos el Rey, Diag. 43 Sur No. 55A-55, Bogota,
Colombia. Tel: 571 204 5621. Fax: 571 270 5762.

USDA Ref: 2695-950720-301B0295

Colombia Rabbits

Quantity: 200 rabbits. Quality: purebred meat production breeds. Delivery: to be
determined. Quote: fob U.S. port. Bank: Banco Ganadero-Chapinero, Bogota.
Contact: Jaime A. Sanchez, Calle 54 No. 5-11, Bogota, Colombia. Tel: 571 211
9634.

USDA Ref: 2697-950720-301B0297

Colombia Dwarf citrus seeds

Quantity: 2 lbs. Quality: varieties: Citrus Mellus and Flying Dragon. Delivery:
to be determined. Quote: fob U.S. port. Bank: Banco Cafetero-Agustin Codazzi,
Bogota. Contact: Rafael Urrego, Cra. 34 No. 101A-13, Bogota, Colombia. Tel: 571
256 7052.

USDA Ref: 2693-950720-301B0293

Colombia French fries

Quantity: 20-ft frozen containers. Quality: frozen, pre-cooked. Packaging: 2 kg
plastic bags or similar. Delivery: to define. Quote: fob. Bank: Bicsa, tel 506
257 0855, fax 506 257 2430. Contact: Oscar Herran M., Marketing Manager, Cinta
Azul, S.A., P.O. Box 2905-1000, Costa Rica. Tel: 506 443-39.

USDA Ref: 2692-950720-223A0192

Costa Rica Blueberry concentrated juice

Quantity: 400 cartons. Packaging: needs information. Quote: c&f Osaka. Company
background: importer established 1956 with annual non-agricultural imports of
2,200,000,000. Bank: Sakura Bank Ltd., Senba branch, 3-5-9 Kyutaro-machi,
Chuo-ku, Osaka 541 Japan. Contact: Yujiro Yamaguchi, New Asia Trading Co.,
3-3-9-301, Senba, Chuo-ku, Osaka, 541, Japan. Tel: 81 6 245 0251. Fax: 81 6 245
0255.

USDA Ref: 2702-950720-588B0029

Japan Almonds

Quantity: full truckload (20 mt). Quality: supreme or select. Packaging: 50-lb
cardboard box. Delivery: asap. Quote: c&f Laredo, Texas. Req: USDA certified.
Bank: Banamex, Lopez Mateos Sur 2220, Guadalajara, JAL. Contact: Jose Torres,
Astro Commodities, S.A., Av. Cuauhtemoc 581, Ciudad del Sol, 45020 Mexico, D.F.,
Mexico. Tel: 011 52 3 122 9740. Fax: 011 52 3 121 9057.

USDA Ref: 2744-950721-201A0362

Mexico Malting barley

Quantity: 30,000 mt/year. Quality: for brewing; specs available. Packaging:
bulk. Delivery: year round. Quote: fob mid-bridge. Req: certificate of analysis
(from USDA or equivalent). Bank: Bancomer, Monterrey. Contact: C.P. Juan
Francisco Lara Narvaez, Cerveceria Cuauhtemoc-Moctezuma, S.A., Av. Alfonso Reyes
2069 Norte, 64442 Monterrey, N.L., Mexico. Tel: 011 52 8 328 5000 5738/5739.
Fax: 011 52 8 328 5744/372 1289.

USDA Ref: 2714-950720-201A0310

Mexico Green beans

Quantity: unlimited. Quality: premium; USDA approved. Packaging: as needed for
export. Delivery: in season. Quote: according to market. Bank: Banamex,
Mezanine, Mexico, D.F. Contact: Hector David Colon, Golfo, S.A. de C.V.,
Hamburgo 29, P.H., 06700 Mexico, D.F., Mexico. Tel: 011 52 5 703 1489/535
9776/586 8802. Fax: 011 52 5 703 1489/535 9776 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2742-950721-201A0360

Mexico Cabbage, fresh

Quantity: unlimited. Quality: premium; USDA approved. Packaging: as needed for
export. Delivery: in season. Quote: according to market. Bank: Banamex,
Mezanine, Mexico, D.F. Contact: Hector David Colon, Golfo, S.A. de C.V.,
Hamburgo 29, P.H., 06700 Mexico, D.F., Mexico. Tel: 011 52 5 703 1489/535
9776/586 8802. Fax: 011 52 5 703 1489/535 9776 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2738-950721-201A0356

Mexico Carrots

Quantity: unlimited. Quality: premium; USDA approved. Packaging: as needed for
export. Delivery: in season. Quote: according to market. Bank: Banamex,
Mezanine, Mexico, D.F. Contact: Hector David Colon, Golfo, S.A. de C.V.,
Hamburgo 29, P.H., 06700 Mexico, D.F., Mexico. Tel: 011 52 5 703 1489/535
9776/586 8802. Fax: 011 52 5 703 1489/535 9776 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2739-950721-201A0357

Mexico Canned cherries

Quantity: 1,000 boxes/month. Quality: in syrup. Packaging: 4 jars per box.
Delivery: monthly. Quote: c&f Laredo, Texas. Req: importer's information,
address, city, country, telephone, on product. Bank: Bancrecer, Av. Americas
1450, Guadalajara, Jal. Contact: Ricardo Valencia Lares, Almacenes Valencia de
Jalisco, Av. del Mercado 1600, 44950 Guadalajaram, Jal, Mexico. Tel: 011 52 3
811 0177. Fax: 011 52 3 811 0554.

USDA Ref: 2733-950721-201A0351

Mexico Chicken parts

Meat from both spent hens and roosters; boned. Quantity: approx. 30 mt/week.
Quality: export. Packaging: in dividual 10-kg poly bags, 2 bags/carton.
Delivery: asap. Quote: fob Laredo, Texas. Req: necessary certificates. Bank:
Banco Obrero, Cd. Netzahualcoyotl 007, Edo. de Mexico. Contact: Bartolo Soto
Vazquez, Empacadora 'El Tapatio', Ignacio Zaragoza 194, Col. Loma Bonita, 57940
Cd. Netzahualcoyotl, Edo. de Mixico, Mexico. Tel: 011 52 5 733 9152. Fax: 011 52
5 733 9152 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2722-950720-201A0319

Mexico Yellow corn

Quantity: 3,000 mt/month. Quality: 14 percent humidity max. Packaging: bulk in
rail hoppers. Delivery: monthly. Quote: c&f El Paso, Texas. Req: certificates:
of weight, quality, analysis (from authorized offices), phytosanitary, of
origin, free of aflatoxins. Bank: Banoro, Calle Aldama y 3A, Chihuahua, Mexico.
Contact: Efrain Gutierrez E., Alimentos Concentrados de Chihuahua, SA, Blvd.
Fuentes Mares y Calles 12A S/N, 31050 Chihuahua, Chih , Mexico. Tel: 011 52 14
20 99 31. Fax: 011 52 14 20 99 33.

USDA Ref: 2711-950720-201A0307

Mexico Cornstarch

Quantity: 15,000 mt/year. Quality: moisture not specified. Delivery: year round.
Quote: fob mid bridge. Req: certificate of analysis (from USDA or equivalent).
Bank: Bancomer, Monterrey. Contact: C.P. Juan Francisco Lara Narvaez, Cerveceria
Cuauhtemoc-Moctezuma, S.A., Av. Alfonso Reyes 2069 Norte, 64442 Monterrey, N.L.,
Mexico. Tel: 011 52 8 328 5000/5738/5739. Fax: 011 52 8 328 5744/372 1289.

USDA Ref: 2717-950720-201A0313

Mexico Soft drinks

Carbonated/flavored: cola, orange, lemon-lime. Quantity: one container.
Packaging: 24 12-oz cans per case. Delivery: one week max. Quote: fob Laredo,
Texas. Req: labels in Spanish. Bank: Serfin, Suc. 090, Nuevo Laredo, Tamps,
Mexico. Contact: Angel Nunez Olivas, Komal, S.A. de C.V., Morelos 1909, 88000
Morelos, Tamps, Mexico. Tel: 011 52 87 15 59 78. Fax: 011 52 87 15 95 95.

USDA Ref: 2709-950720-201A0305

Mexico Fresh apricots

Quantity: 250 mt. Quality: must be green, before begin to ripen. Packaging:
bulk. Delivery: immediately after harvesting. Quote: fob, c&f. Req: certificate
of origin. Bank: Banco del Atlantico, Suc. Acoxpa, Mexico. Contact: Roberto
Gaitan Franco, Alpro, Alimentos Proteinicos, S.A. de C.V., 16 de Septiembre 33,
Col. San Fco. Cuhuacan Coyoacan, 04260 Mixico, D.F., Mexico. Tel: 011 52 5 670
1235/9454/544-9671. Fax: 011 52 5 581 3508.

USDA Ref: 2708-950720-201A0304

Mexico Malt

Quantity: 20,000 mt/year. Quality: moisture 3.5 to 4.5; total protein .11.0-13.5
percent; soluble protein 5.0-6.5; viscosity 1.50 cps max. Packaging: bulk.
Delivery: year round. Quote: fob mid bridge. Req: certificate of analysis (from
USDA or equivalent). Bank: Bancomer, Monterrey. Contact: C.P. Juan Francisco
Lara Narvaez, Cerveceria Cuauhtemoc-Moctezuma, S.A., Av. Alfonso Reyes 2069
Norte, 64442 Monterrey, N.L., Mexico. Tel: 011 52 8 328 5000/5738/5739. Fax: 011
52 8 328 5744/372 1289.

USDA Ref: 2718-950720-201A0314

Mexico Soybean meal

Quantity: 1,000 mt/month. Quality: 47.5 percent protein content. Packaging: bulk
in rail hoppers. Delivery: monthly. Quote: c&f El Paso, Texas. Req:
certificates: of weight, quality, analysis (from authorized offices),
phytosanitary, of origin, free of aflatoxins. Bank: Banoro, Calle Aldama y 3A,
Chihuahua. Contact: Efrain Gutierrez E., Alimentos Concentrados de Chihuahua,
SA, Blvd. Fuentes Mares y Calles 12A S/N, 31050 Chihuahua, CHIH, Mexico. Tel:
011 52 14 20 99 31. Fax: 011 52 14 20 99 33.

USDA Ref: 2712-950720-201A0308

Mexico Edible nuts

Quantity: boxes or mt depending on price. Quality: all grades, mixed, shelled.
Packaging: bulk or boxes with plastic, vacuum packed. Delivery: monthly. Quote:
fob. Req: necessary certificates. Bank: Grupo Financiero Bancrecer, Suc. 4010,
Calz. Tepeyac, Leon, GTO. Contact: C.P. Miguel Angel Montes de Oca Covarrubias,
Organizacion Alimentaria, S.A., Roma 908, Col. Andrade, 37370 Leon, GTO, Mexico.
Tel: 011 52 47 16 46 28/14 60 86. Fax: 011 52 47 16 46 28/ 14 60 86 (say: tono
fax).

USDA Ref: 2721-950720-201A0318

Mexico Oats for horses

Quantity: 120 mt. Quality: 94 percent pure. Packaging: bulk or 40 kg bags.
Delivery: to be agreed. Quote: fob border, Laredo. Bank: Banca Serfin, Suc.
Valle Dorado, Edo de Mexico, Mexico. Contact: Maria Luisa Leon Camargo, Galope,
Ave. Juarez 120, Col. San Mateo Tecoloapan, 54400 Atizapan, Edo de Mexico,
Mexico. Tel: 011 52 5 379 5512/5524. Fax: 011 52 5 379 5501.

USDA Ref: 2707-950720-201A0303

Mexico Peanuts

Floor Runner, Virginia. Quantity: 150 mt/year. Quality: first/second. Packaging:
40- or 50-kg sacks. Delivery: monthly. Quote: fob, cif, c&f. Req: necessary
certificates. Bank: Bital, Banco Internacional, Javier Mina 567, Guadalajara,
Jal. Contact: Jose Francisco Rodriguez Medina, Botanas y Dulces la Muneca, S.A.
de C.V., Porfirio Diaz 730, S.L., 44370 Guadalajara, JAL, Mexico. Tel: 011 52 3
638 0402. Fax: 011 52 3 637 4191.

USDA Ref: 2720-950720-201A0317

Mexico French fries, frozen

Quantity: 10 tons/month, average, total with other mixed vegetables. Quality:
standard, at best price possible. Packaging: bulk or 1-pound bags. Delivery: in
two months. Quote: negotiable. Bank: Banamex, Paseo de Montejo, Av. Colsn,
Mirida, Yuc, Mexico. Contact: Enrique Cantarell Espinosa, Bienes de Consumo,
S.A. de C.V., Calle 88-A No. 499 X45, Col. Inalambrica, 97069 Mirida, Yuc,
Mexico. Tel: 011 52 99 25 98 97. Fax: 011 52 99 25 98 97 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2706-950720-201A0302

Mexico Rice, broken/brewer

Quantity: 15,000 mt/year. Quality: U.S. no. 4. Packaging: bulk. Delivery: year
round. Quote: fob mid bridge. Req: certificate of analysis (from USDA or
equivalent). Bank: Bancomer, Monterrey. Contact: C.P. Juan Francisco Lara
Narvaez, Cerveceria Cuauhtemoc-Moctezuma, S.A., Av. Alfonso Reyes 2069 Norte,
64442 Monterrey, N.L., Mexico. Tel: 011 52 8 328 5000/5738/5739. Fax: 011 52 8
328 5744/372 1289.

USDA Ref: 2716-950720-201A0312

Mexico Tomato seeds

Hybrid variety, Lerika, Maya or Yaqui. Quantity: 100 lbs per delivery. Quality:
not specified. Packaging: cans. Delivery: asap. Quote: fob plant. Req:
certificates of origin, phytosanitary. Bank: Banorte, S.A., Reforma 246, Mexico.
Contact: Alejandro Alarcon M., Mercadotecnia y Exportaciones, S.A., Fdo.
Gonzalez Roa 52, Col. Juristas, 53100 Cd. Satelite, Edo de Mexico, Mexico. Tel:
011 52 5 562 5091. Fax: 011 52 5 562 5091 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2723-950720-201A0320

Mexico Sorghum

Quantity: 50,000 mt/year. Quality: no. 2. Packaging: bulk. Delivery: year round.
Quote: fob mid bridge. Req: certificate of analysis (from USDA or equivalent).
Bank: Bancomer, Monterrey. Contact: C.P. Juan Francisco Lara Narvaez, Cerveceria
Cuauhtemoc-Moctezuma, S.A., Av. Alfonso Reyes 2069 Norte, 64442 Monterrey, N.L.,
Mexico. Tel: 011 52 8 328 5000/5738/5739. Fax: 011 52 8 328 5744/372 1289.

USDA Ref: 2715-950720-201A0311

Mexico Sorghum

Quantity: 3,000 mt/month. Quality: 14 percent humidity max. Packaging: bulk in
rail hoppers. Delivery: monthly. Quote: c&f El Paso, Texas. Req: certificates:
of weight, quality, analysis (from authorized offices), phytosanitary, of
origin, free of aflatoxins. Bank: Banoro, Calle Aldama y 3A, Chihuahua, Mexico.
Contact: Efrain Gutierrez E., Alimentos Concentrados de Chihuahua, SA, Blvd.
Fuentes Mares y Calles 12A S/N, 31050 Chihuahua, CHIH, Mexico. Tel: 011 52 14 20
99 31. Fax: 011 52 14 20 99 33.

USDA Ref: 2710-950720-201A0306

Mexico Cherry tomatoes

Quantity: 1,000 lb/week. Quality: first. Packaging: 11-lb (5-kg) boxes for air
transport. Delivery: per schedule agreed. Quote: fob border Laredo, Texas or
nearest airport. Req: all required documentation. Bank: Bancomer, Suc. 006,
Cuernavaca, Mor. Contact: Andres Mueller, Gourmet Internacional, Av. Vicente
Guerrero 1724-19, Lomas de Cortes, 62240 Cuernavaca, Mor., Mexic o. Tel: 011 52
73 11 36 99. Fax: 011 52 73 11 36 99 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2728-950721-201A0325

Mexico Vegetables, frozen

Corn niblets, peas, sliced carrots, cauliflower, broccoli, mixed vegetables.
Quantity: 10 mt/month, average, total. Quality: standard, at best price
possible. Packaging: bulk or 1-lb. bags. Delivery: in two months. Quote:
negotiable. Bank: Banamex, Paseo de Montejo, Av. Colsn, Mirida, Yuc, Mexico.
Contact: Enrique Cantarell Espinosa, Bienes de Consumo, S.A. de C.V., Calle 88-A
No. 499 x 45, Col. Inalambrica, 97069 Mirida, Yuc, Mexico. Tel: 011 52 99 25 98
97. Fax: 011 52 99 25 98 97 (say: tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2705-950720-201A0301

Mexico Fresh vegetables

Tomatoes, squash, cucumbers, lettuce, limes, etc. Quantity: 10 mt total.
Quality: premium. Packaging: boxes or bulk. Delivery: max. 25 days after order
date. Quote: fob, cif, c&f. Req: Mexican certificates, Spanish labels. Bank:
Bancomer, S.A., Av. Manuel Acuqa 2937, Guadalajara, Jal. Contact: Jesus Navarro
Lozano, Marle de Occidente, S.A. de C.V., Av. Mariano Otero 1329-PA, 45540
Guadalajara, Jal, Mexico. Tel: 011 52 03 669 0871. Fax: 011 52 3 669 0871 (say:
tono fax).

USDA Ref: 2719-950720-201A0316

Mexico Cheese

A Philippine manufacturer, importer and wholesaler is looking for a reliable
U.S. supplier of cheddar cheese curd. Quality: moist. 37 percent max., milkfat
(in dry matter) 50 percent min, protein 25.5 percent, salt 2 percent max.
Quantity: 4,000 mt. Delivery: first half 1996. Packaging: 1,000 x 20-kg cartons
per containerload. Quote: c&f Manila. Bank: Philippine Commercial International
Bank, Makati Avenue, Makati City. Contact: Eric Francis Ongkauko, New Zealand
Creamery Inc., 6409 Camia St., Makati City, Philippines. Tel: 632 818 7831/896
5937/88 5960. Fax: 632 818 6287.

USDA Ref: 2747-950721-565B0018

Philippines Iodized salt

Quality: good. Quantity: one 20-ft container. Packaging: 26-oz pack. Delivery:
4-6 weeks after order date. Req: shelf life years, Arabic must be one of
languages on pack, company was established 1972. Quote: c&f Jeddah. Bank: Al
Bank Al Saudi Al Fransi Bank, Riyadh. Contact: Manhal Mousa, A.K. Al Muhaidib &
Sons, P.O. Box 3325, Riyadh, 11471, Saudi Arabia. Tel: 966 1 405 9966 ext. 242.
Fax: 966 1 401 2451.

USDA Ref: 2689-950720-517T0067

Saudi Arabia Vinegar, white, distilled

Quality: 30 percent acidity. Quantity: 500,000 lb. Packaging: in FDA approved
drums (500 lb drum). Delivery: 4-6 weeks after order date. Other: shelf life,
two years; Arabic must be one of languages on pack. Company was established
1992. Quote: c&f Jeddah. Bank: Saudi Cairo Bank, Jeddah. Contact: Bassam
Bafarat, Bafarat Industrial Group, P.O. Box 19340, Jeddah, 21435, Saudi Arabia.
Tel: 966 2 637 5212. Fax: 966 2 637 5752.

USDA Ref: 2704-950720-517T0069

Saudi Arabia Canned corn beef

Quantity: 6-7 containers/year. Quality: not specified. Packaging: cans or tins
24 x 12 oz. Delivery: asap. Quote: c&f and cif. Bank: United Overseas Bank Ltd,
Blk 1, Tanjong Pagar Plaza 01-3714, Singapore 0208. Contact: Ho Khai Tuck, Khim
Thye Trading Pte Ltd, Blk 4005 Depot Lane 01-93/91, Singapore 0410. Tel: 273
3104. Fax: 273 8709.

USDA Ref: 2746-950721-559T0024

Singapore Beef offal

Quantity: three 40-ft container per month. Quality: beef abomasum (length/ 20-25
cm), mountain tripe (700 gs-up). Packaging: 30 lbs/4-5 layer pack with plastic
separator. Quote: c&f Busan. Delivery: to be discussed. Bank: Kookmin Bank,
Sejongro branch, Seoul. Contact: Yang, Jun Ho, President, Seongdo Resource Co.,
CPO Box 736, Seoul, South Korea. Tel: 02 551 1071. Fax: 02 551 1075.

USDA Ref: 2752-950721-580T1219

South Korea Candy, chocolate

Quantity: full containerloads. Quality: first. Packaging: pre-pack, bulk.
Delivery: immediate. Quotations requested directly from producers. Quote: c&f
Madrid. Bank: Barclays Bank, Plz. de la Cruz, 4 28260 Boadilla del Monte,
Madrid. Contact: Manuel Pastor Miralles, MPM Foreign Trade, S.L., Pinos Baja, 15
28029 Madrid, Spain. Tel: 34 1 314 0093. Fax: 34 1 314 0009.

USDA Ref: 2765-950724-469B0066

Spain Pork rinds, head/back

Quantity: 1 container per month. Quality: for human consumption. Packaging: any
type. Delivery: immediate. Quotations requested directly from producers. Quote:
cif Valencia. Bank: La Caixa , Avda. Dr. Peset Aleixandre 46009, Valencia.
Contact: Miguel Angel Hervas, HS Intertrade, Avda. Baron de Carcer, 48 10 A,
46001 Valencia, Spain. Tel: 34 6 352 9106. Fax: 34 6 351 9790.

USDA Ref: 2763-950724-469B0064

Spain Sunflower seed oil

Quantity: full containerload per month. Quality: first. Packaging: PVC or PET 1
liter. on Europallets. Delivery: immediate. Quotations requested directly from
producers. Quote: c&r Valencia. Bank: Banesto, Velazquez, 29 28001 Madrid.
Contact: Mariasen Morales, Unide Sdad. Coop., Gregorio Sanchez Herraez S/N,
28033 Madrid, Spain. Tel: 34 1 763 3200. Fax: 34 1 764 1286.

USDA Ref: 2764-950724-469B0065

Spain Sunflower seed oil

Quantity: 12,500 mt. Quality: first. Packaging: bulk, boxes, 1-lb bottles.
Delivery: 30-60 days. Quotations requested directly from producers. Quote: cif
Cadiz or Huelva. Bank: Banco Santander, Avd. San Lazaro, 41009 Seville. Contact:
Luis Martinez Miraul, C.R. Los Principes, Parcela 7, B-5 & B-4 41008 Seville,
Spain. Tel/fax: 34 5 495 7542.

USDA Ref: 2767-950724-469B0068

Spain Olive oil

Quantity: 12,500 mt. Quality: first. Packaging: bulk, boxes 1 ltr bottles.
Delivery: 30-60 days. Quotations requested directly from producers. Quote: cif
Cadiz or Huelva. Bank: Banco Santander, Avd. San Lazaro, 41009 Seville. Contact:
Luis Martinez Miraul, C.R. Los Principes, Parcela 7, B-5 & B-4, 41008 Seville,
Spain. Tel: 34 5 495 7542. Fax: 34 1 495 7542.

USDA Ref: 2768-950724-469B0069

Spain Frozen chicken, fryers

Quantity: 1 full containerload. Quality: grade A. Packaging: bulk packs.
Delivery: asap. Req: English labels. Quote: fob East Coast port (for export to
East Africa). Bank: National Westminster Bank PLC, P.O. Box 21, 41 Drapery,
Northampton NN1 2EY. Contact: A.E. Field, Huttons International Ltd, 633/653
Hedon Road, Hull HU9 5LQ, United Kingdom. Tel: 44 1482 324 093. Fax: 44 1482 225
347. Telex: 592179.

USDA Ref: 2686-950720-412T1400

United Kingdom Frozen chicken parts

Quantity: 1 full containerload. Quality: grade A. Packaging: bulk packs.
Delivery: asap. English labels. Quote: fob East Coast port (for export to East
Africa). Bank: National Westminster Bank PLC, P.O. Box 21, 41 Drapery,
Northampton NN1 2EY. Contact: A.E. Field, Huttons International Ltd, 633/653
Hedon Road, Hull HU9 5LQ, United Kingdom. Tel: 44 1482 324 093. Fax: 44 1482 225
347. Telex: 592179.

USDA Ref: 2687-950720-412T1401

United Kingdom

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: AGRICULTURAL TRADE LEADS. Briefs

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.
