
                                1 of 1 DOCUMENT

            Copyright (c) 2016 Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum
                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                                  Spring, 2016

                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                        26 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 299

LENGTH: 17551 words

NOTE: NORTH CAROLINA'S INVESTMENT TAX CREDIT IS GONE - NOW WHAT? POTENTIAL
SOLUTIONS FOR CURRENT AND PROSPECTIVE SOLAR COMPANIES

NAME: Dani Glazer +

BIO: Copyright © 2016 Dani Glazer.

 + Duke University School of Law, J.D. 2016; University of Michigan, B.S. 2010.

TEXT:
 [*299]

   Introduction

 Harnessing the sun's rays to produce energy has been possible since the late
18th century, when the first solar motor was invented. n1 Einstein published
papers on the photoelectric effect in the early 1900s, and NASA has used
photovoltaic solar panels since the 1950s. n2 However, conventional fuel
providers were firmly entrenched in the United States energy market, preventing
solar energy from expanding to public sales. n3 This lasted until federal
regulations to improve air and water quality opened the door for renewable
energy, including solar. n4 The regulation created large expenses for oil and
gas companies that had to undo decades of pollution. n5 This, combined with
rising fuel prices, caused the petroleum industry to decline and consolidate. n6
Around the same time, the price of photovoltaic cells began to decrease, making
solar power much more financially viable. n7  [*300]  In the fifteen years
since, the solar industry has faced its longest-lasting success yet. n8

   Despite declining oil and gas prices, renewable energy across the United
States continues to be financially successful. n9 This is largely because the
price of photovoltaic cells continues to drop quickly due to improved technology
and efficiency, n10 making low-cost production of solar power possible. n11 In
addition, international concern about climate change has convinced governments
across the world to maintain and improve renewable energy policies. n12 In the
United States, to incentivize investment in solar power, the federal and state
governments issue grants, loans, tax subsidies, and other financial incentives.
n13

   Recently, North Carolina's renewable energy policies n14 led to national
recognition for the state's solar industry growth. n15 In 2007,  [*301]  North
Carolina implemented a Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Portfolio Standard
(REPS), n16 the first in the Southeastern U.S. n17 This supplemented one of the
country's most generous tax subsidy bills, North Carolina's investment tax
credit (the state ITC), which allowed a 35% tax credit to individual and
corporate taxpayers that "constructed, purchased, or leased renewable energy
property." n18 Of several renewable power sources included in "renewable energy
property," the ITC had the strongest effect on the solar industry. n19 The state
ITC exceeded most other states' solar tax subsidies, n20 and it supplemented a
30% federal renewable energy tax credit (the federal ITC). n21 Local solar
companies and advocacy groups lauded the state ITC for dramatically expanding
solar investments in North Carolina. n22

   North Carolina solar companies consist of utility-scale, commercial, and
residential solar installations. n23 All three types of companies consider the
state ITC one of the most important  [*302]  contributions to the solar
industry. n24 Utility-scale solar projects are more common in North Carolina,
since residential and commercial markets are severely hampered by the state's
restriction against third-party sales. n25 Third-party sales, where a solar
developer installs solar panels on a consumer-owned building and sells the
consumer the power generated from those panels, are the most effective and
popular method for selling residential solar power across the country. n26 They
allow residential customers to install solar panels without paying installment
and operation costs. n27 However, with the restriction in place, residential
consumers have to purchase their solar energy systems outright rather than
paying for only the energy generated. Residential and commercial installations
are generally smaller solar arrays on business or residential property. n28 To
sell residential or commercial solar installations, solar companies have to
convince customers to make large investments. North Carolina companies do so
primarily by touting savings from the state ITC, federal ITC, and reduced
electricity consumption. n29

    [*303]  In utility-scale projects, on the other hand, a developer usually
constructs a large array of photovoltaic or concentrated solar power solar
panels n30 and sells the generated power back to the local utility. Qualifying
solar farms are guaranteed that the utility will buy their power, n31 but solar
farms require substantial up-front capital investments. n32 The state ITC
motivated national investors to elect North Carolina projects because the tax
savings created a larger return on investment than other states' incentives. n33
As John Morrison of Strata Solar put it, the state and federal ITCs "level[] the
playing field," allowing solar companies to compete with utilities in a "highly
regulated and highly subsidized industry." n34 Especially in North Carolina,
where the utility company Duke Energy enjoys monopoly power, n35 incentives like
the state ITC are necessary to attract investors from out of state and encourage
in-state investment and consumption. n36

   In recent years, these incentives have been successful. Between 2009 and
2013, North Carolina brought in $ 2.1 billion in private solar investment,
including $ 1.2 billion in 2013 alone. n37 But despite this influx in solar
investment, political support for the ITC and other renewable energy programs
has fluctuated. Across the country, utility companies and fossil fuel interests
have pushed back against restrictions on conventional energy sources and
incentives for alternative energy. n38 In North Carolina, after a shift in
political climate n39 and aggressive lobbying by Duke Energy, n40 the state ITC
was  [*304]  removed from the state budget for 2016. n41

   This Note analyzes the impact of the state ITC's expiration and suggests
potential solutions for solar companies left in the lurch. For an insider
perspective, I interviewed founders of renewable energy companies to discover
how federal, state, and private incentives have affected their business
strategies. n42 To supplement these discussions, the author also consulted
academics working in renewable energy policy and others with extensive
experience in solar and renewable energy industries. n43 Their responses are
included throughout this Note.

   Part I of this Note discusses the utility of current government policies and
incentives still in existence. Because these existing policies and incentives
may not sufficiently compensate for the loss of the state ITC, Part II suggests
topics and methods of policy advocacy that will help sustain the solar industry
in North Carolina over the long term. Until this policy change occurs, Part III
offers viable private resources for consumer and project financing, based on
examples from the local community, out-of-state models, and advice from industry
experts. Finally, the author concludes that inconsistent  [*305]  regulatory
policy has put the state's solar industry on rocky terrain; companies must
creatively piece together available government incentives and private solutions
while advocating for better state policy that will eventually give the industry
solid footing.

   I. Government Incentives and Policies

 Amid national growth in the solar industry, North Carolina has recently
ascended national solar power rankings. n44 In 2014, North Carolina installed
397 megawatts of solar capacity, reaching almost a gigawatt total and ranking
second in the nation for the year. n45 Since its implementation of a Renewable
Portfolio Standard in 2007, the state has generated billions of dollars in
revenue through solar investment, creating thousands of jobs. n46 The state's
solar energy policies, along with growth in the innovative Research Triangle
have drawn large corporations such as Apple, Google, and Facebook to the state.
n47 Now, these corporations contribute to the state's energy grid: one of
Apple's two solar farms is among the largest in the state, and the company
intends to install a third. n48

   However, political leaders in the state have been trending away from
supporting renewable energy. This is partly due to conservative lobbying by
powerful organizations and individuals, n49 but it is also a reaction to the
solar industry's success. Many state leaders, including Governor Pat McCrory,
believe that the solar industry has been doing so well that it can stand on its
own without tax credits or other state government incentives. n50 To this end,
in September, the state House  [*306]  and Senate agreed to cut the state ITC
from the 2016 budget, quelling hopes it would be extended. n51 This affects all
renewable energy properties, but it affects the solar industry the most.
According to those in the industry, solar companies have relied heavily on the
state ITC to bring down costs. n52 The abrupt removal of the state ITC caused
uncertainty about the future of North Carolina's solar industry and concern that
other state policies may be next on the chopping block.

   Historically, such uncertainty leads to unstable energy markets. For example,
the federal Production Tax Credit (PTC) repeatedly expired and was renewed, each
time creating a boom-bust cycle in the wind energy industry. n53 The resulting
uncertainty slowed investment in wind energy and prevented the industry's
growth. n54 The wind industry's struggle with the PTC exemplifies a common trend
in renewable energy incentives: the haphazard, unpredictable nature of
government support undermines the ultimate goal of creating a viable, stable
solar energy industry.

   Still, despite the regression and unpredictability of renewable energy policy
in the state, some federal and state government resources are still available to
solar companies in North Carolina. These include tax incentives, grants, loan
guarantees, and other subsidized financing options. n55 This section notes the
few that are  [*307]  most helpful to solar companies. n56

   A. Federal Government Policies and Incentives

 Generally, the federal government puts sunset provisions in its incentives and
policies, n57 making their renewal subject to congressional votes. Also, in many
cases, federal incentives only apply to certain geographic areas, certain types
of consumers, or certain technologies. The short-term nature and narrow focus of
many of these incentives do not sufficiently support a stable renewable energy
market, instead providing only piecemeal support. However, on December 18, 2015,
the 2016 federal budget extended several renewable energy policies, n58 creating
stable renewable energy policy at the federal level. Among these, the PTC was
extended for several years, phasing out gradually and providing the wind
industry with a much-needed sense of predictability. n59 It seems Congress
learned from its mistakes in the wind industry, and has laid the groundwork for
steady renewable energy industry growth over the next several years.

   1. Tax Incentives

 Like the PTC for wind companies, solar companies depend heavily on the federal
ITC. n60 If the state and federal ITC had both expired, it could have sent North
Carolina's solar industry into a boom-and-bust cycle. n61 Fortunately, although
the North Carolina ITC  [*308]  expired, the federal ITC has been renewed; the
30% credit will remain in place until 2019 for solar producers, followed by a
gradual reduction to 10% in 2022. n62 Like the state ITC, the federal ITC helps
local utility-scale companies solicit private investors who can better take
advantage of the tax savings, n63 and it lowers prices for residential
consumers. n64 This buoys the local solar industry and will help cushion the
blow felt by companies that had been relying on the state ITC. n65 The
several-year extension of the credit came as a happy surprise to many people in
the solar industry, and it will help provide stability in the North Carolina
market despite the removal of the state ITC and unpredictability of other
federal incentives. n66

   Similarly, the Modified Accelerated Cost-Recovery System (MACRS) provides
stability because, unlike other incentives, it does not expire. n67 MACRS allows
solar companies and investors to generate tax savings by claiming higher than
normal depreciation deductions for renewable energy property. n68 Normally,
property depreciates based on its initial value and expected useful life. n69 As
a  [*309]  practicality, the IRS calculates depreciation deductions based on
property classifications rather than actual expected useful life. n70 Under
MACRS, solar energy properties are classified as five-year properties, n71
meaning they depreciate fully in five years, irrespective of their actual useful
life. On top of this, the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008 created bonus
depreciation, which allows solar properties - among others - a 50% deduction of
the initial value in the first year before continuing as normal. n72 Like the
ITC, MACRS is useful for utility-scale companies because its tax savings are
valuable to large investors with a healthy "tax appetite." n73 Residential and
commercial consumers also see tax savings using MACRS, meaning it is one of few
federal policies to universally benefit solar companies.

   2. Grant Programs

 In contrast, federal grants generally only target small, rural projects
designed to stimulate an otherwise stagnant economy. n74 These projects occur
frequently in North Carolina, by converting abandoned tobacco farms and other
unused land into solar farms that employ the local community. n75 Solar
developers can apply for these grants to begin projects, but some are only
available to potential consumers, such as local or tribal governments. n76 For
instance, the  [*310]  U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Energy for America
Program offers grants to agricultural producers and rural small businesses to
make energy efficient improvements. n77 Similarly, the Rural Utilities Service
offers High Energy Cost Grants designed to lower rural household energy costs.
These are available only in rural areas with household energy costs of at least
275% of the national average, n78 and to facilities that serve the local
community. n79 In fact, projects for the primary benefit of a single household
or business are ineligible. n80 Other grants are also available for similar
solar projects in underserved or overburdened rural communities, n81 meaning
federal grants are useful in narrowly defined markets for certain solar
developers.

   3. Loan Programs

 While grants target certain communities, the federal loan guarantee program
targets innovative technologies. n82 The Department of Energy (DOE) provides
loan guarantees through the Loan Programs Office (LPO) for new or innovative
renewable energy technology, designed to encourage companies that might
otherwise struggle to secure financing. n83 An eligible project must "employ[]
new or significantly improved technology" n84 and will generally be a large
[*311]  project. n85 Application fees for the loan guarantee exceed $ 50,000,
n86 and availability varies depending on the DOE's yearly solicitation
requirements and case-by-case evaluations. n87 Although these loans can provide
a huge head start to an innovative new company, they are hard to obtain, and
therefore do not provide reliable support for solar companies.

   Similarly, other federal loan programs target residential consumers. For
example, energy efficient mortgages allow solar purchasers to add the full cost
of solar installations to their home mortgages. n88 The mortgage program applies
to purchases of energy efficient homes and energy efficiency upgrades. n89 Like
the energy efficient mortgages, the PowerSaver loan program finances solar
photovoltaic system installations and energy efficient home purchases. n90 PACE
Financing, a similar program, allows homeowners to borrow from their local
government to finance energy efficient home improvements such as solar panel
installations. n91 However, this  [*312]  program is administered at the local
level, and currently no North Carolina communities offer it. n92

   Other than the federal ITC and MACRS program, the above federal incentives
are only useful to certain solar companies, or in particular markets, or for a
limited time. This hodgepodge of narrowly focused or short-term incentives
creates niche markets rather than stimulating the industry as a whole. n93

   B. State Government Policies and Incentives

 Although North Carolina incentives apply to most or all in-state companies,
they include sunset provisions creating the same uncertainty that plagues
federal incentives. Still, the state's recent national recognition in the solar
industry came from several years of policy decisions that stimulated the
renewable energy industry. n94 North Carolina leaders saw the benefits of the
solar industry in their state: Senator Richard Burr said at the Conservative
Clean Energy Summit, "When I look at North Carolina's great pace of solar
deployment right now, I look at 6,000+ jobs." n95 The following policies and
incentives resulted from a legislature that, like Senator Burr, saw investment
in solar energy policy as a "cost-effective formula." n96 Currently, the
legislature does not uniformly believe this investment is worth continuing, n97
but for now, the following options are available.

[*313]

   1. Renewable Energy Policies

 North Carolina's Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Portfolio Standard
(REPS), n98 the first of its kind in the Southeastern United States, spurred a
dramatic expansion of North Carolina's solar industry. n99 The REPS requires
utility companies in North Carolina to use renewable energy sources to generate
a percent of their power. n100 This helps the solar industry, because utilities
can meet their requirements by purchasing power, Solar Renewable Energy
Certificates (SRECs), carbon offset credits, n101 or equipment from renewable
energy facilities and developers. n102 In theory, North Carolina solar companies
could sell SRECs to Duke Energy, n103 but the market is almost nonexistent. The
REPS requirements are fairly low, n104 and utilities are not subject to fines
for failing to meet them, so solar companies struggle to set low enough prices
to successfully sell SRECs. n105

   Despite this limitation, companies may be able to sell SRECs in niche
markets. For example, there is a small voluntary market, where  [*314]
companies purchase SRECs in order to say they are "going green." n106 In
addition, NC GreenPower, a local nonprofit, will pay for SRECs based on a
bidding process. n107 Companies can also sell SRECs in Pennsylvania by building
solar farms outside Duke Energy territory (served by Dominion or the Tennessee
Valley Authority). n108 While companies may not want to use SREC sales as a main
source of income, these limited options may help a struggling company make ends
meet. n109

   More commonly, utility-scale companies sell solar power directly to Duke
Energy, since the utility is required to purchase renewable energy under the
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA). n110 PURPA, a federal
statute, is administered by the North Carolina Utilities Commission (NCUC) n111
to benefit qualifying facilities (QFs). n112 A QF is a power production facility
or a cogeneration facility, producing electricity and thermal energy. n113 "With
limited exceptions, QFs generally have the option of selling to a utility either
at the utility's avoided cost or at a negotiated rate." n114 Usually, larger
solar facilities opt for negotiated rates, and QFs choose avoided cost. Avoided
cost is "the incremental cost to an electric utility of electric energy or
capacity or both which, but for the purchase from the [QF], such utility would
generate itself or purchase from another source." n115

    [*315]  Certain QFs can take advantage of a standard Power Purchase
Agreement (PPA), using a toolkit written by Duke Energy. n116 As required by the
NCUC, QFs must be 5 megawatts or smaller to be eligible for this standard PPA.
n117 This helps QFs by avoiding legal fees and transaction costs, but it also
prevents them from negotiating for more preferable terms. n118 Conversely,
larger renewable energy facilities can bid and negotiate with Duke Energy for
better rates, but they will likely incur legal and other transactional costs in
doing so. n119 To avoid these extra costs, most of North Carolina's
utility-scale facilities are currently less than 5 megawatts. n120 While PURPA
is still in place, QFs will have a buyer for any solar energy produced, but this
forced market is potentially unsustainable if Duke Energy succeeds in convincing
the NCUC to lower the maximum size of a QF. n121 For now, however, this is the
most common and effective method for utility-scale solar companies to operate in
North Carolina.

   2. Tax Incentives

 Although North Carolina solar companies can no longer apply for the state ITC,
n122 two state property tax incentives still apply to solar installments. First,
property taxes for solar heating systems can only be levied to the extent that
would apply to conventional  [*316]  systems. n123 This does not necessarily
save money, but it ensures the switch will not incur extra property taxes.
Second, solar energy systems are excludable from property taxes. n124
Residential systems for personal use only are 100% excludable, n125 and systems
designed to generate income are 80% excludable. n126 Combined with federal tax
incentives, these property tax exclusions can present substantial savings to
solar power consumers, which helps residential solar companies convince
consumers to invest in solar energy systems. Still, they do not save nearly as
much money as the state ITC n127 and are thus not an effective replacement.
Also, they only apply to a small subset of consumers; since most solar companies
in North Carolina operate at the utility scale, this is unhelpful to a majority
of the state's solar industry.

   C. Local Government Policies and Incentives

 While city and county governments have fewer resources - their budgets are
allocated by the state - they are eligible for federal and state loans and
grants, which they distribute to local residents and companies. n128 North
Carolina loan programs are mostly sponsored by utility cooperatives or
membership corporations taking advantage of federal grants or loan guarantees,
n129 but the state also authorizes city governments to issue loans to solar
companies or individuals to install  [*317]  solar energy systems. n130 As a
small company, it may be worth investigating which cities take part in these
loans before establishing a main office. n131 As an established company, it may
be feasible to work with local governments to ensure access to the loans. Local
governments and small companies both want to provide financial assistance to
residential consumers, and local officials are often easily accessible and
willing to help. This may be useful particularly in the Research Triangle, which
has seen huge growth in new technology companies in the last decade, accompanied
by an influx of more affluent residents, who are more likely to purchaser solar
energy systems. n132

   Solar companies should also communicate with local zoning boards. A
particular district may allow, partially restrict, or completely prohibit solar
installations due to aesthetic, noise, storm water, glare, safety, and property
value concerns. n133 Restrictions may differ between utility-scale solar farms
and residential solar panel installations n134 and between roof-mounted and
ground-mounted systems. n135 In a district with restrictions already in place,
zoning officials may be willing to make exceptions based on these distinctions,
because certain systems might not impact the community in the same way as
others, especially if companies demonstrate that they will improve the local
community. n136

   In most North Carolina districts, no restrictions exist, but it is still
[*318]  a good idea to work with local zoning officials to establish balanced
zoning ordinances and prevent the community from creating restrictions. n137 To
this end, the North Carolina Sustainable Energy Association (NC SEA) created a
template ordinance for local governments in the state. n138 While it was created
in 2013, its regulations are still applicable; NC SEA intended to help balance
industry burdens with land use management over the long term. n139 The template
provides suggested permit requirements, aesthetic and development restrictions,
and guidance for implementation. n140

   On a smaller scale, homeowners associations can also greatly impact solar
installation companies' success. They set the standard for acceptable household
improvements in a community, n141 so solar companies should work with them to
encourage policies that promote solar installations. Like zoning boards,
homeowners associations will have specific concerns about aesthetics, property
value, and other community needs. n142 Accordingly, the Solar Foundation created
model solar guidelines for homeowners associations, n143 allowing solar
companies to encourage solar installation in a majority of homes in a  [*319]
community. This strategy will help establish a particular company as a
neighborhood's main resource, and it can be repeated in several neighborhoods to
form a collective sales strategy. n144

   II. Policy Advocacy

 As President Obama warned, fast change in the energy industry "is invariably
going to create resistance from some fossil fuel interests who want to protect
the old, outdated status quo." n145 He gave examples such as "massive lobbying
efforts backed by fossil fuel interests, ... conservative think tanks, [and] the
Koch brothers pushing for new laws to roll back renewable energy standards or
prevent new clean energy businesses from succeeding." n146 This resistance is
well established in North Carolina.

   Several state and national organizations have financial incentives to prevent
growth in the renewable energy industry. n147 Groups like the American
Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) n148 have been very active in North
Carolina, n149 where Duke Energy enjoys a highly regulated monopoly. n150 North
Carolina's renewable energy regulations  [*320]  encourage competition, which
inherently threatens this monopoly power. Duke Energy alone harnesses
significant lobbying power in North Carolina, but it is also supported by these
national organizations. n151

   These lobbying organizations come armed with research generated by
institutions that appear credible but are funded by organizations with
significant financial stakes in oil and gas companies, such as Strata Policy of
Utah State University. n152 Strata Policy produces reports exclusively opposing
renewable energy policies. n153 They also sponsor programs such as the "Koch
Scholars," in which students are given $ 1,000 and "exposed to liberty-based
principles." n154 These principles often include pushing for fewer solar  [*321]
and other renewable energy policies, n155 and they have recently succeeded in
North Carolina. n156

   Accordingly, North Carolina solar companies must engage in the political
process to prevent Duke Energy and organizations like ALEC and Strata Policy
from convincing state regulators to continue to strip away regulations. To
compete with such powerful opposition, solar companies seeking political
involvement need guidance from the many companies currently involved. n157 To
gain access to other players in the solar industry with lobbying experience and
connections, n158 new solar companies should join industry associations such as
the NC Sustainable Energy Association, n159 the NC Clean Energy Business
Alliance, n160 the NC Clean Energy Technology Center, n161 and NC GreenPower.
n162 These associations help solar companies advocate for additional state
incentives to replace the ITC and improved state regulatory policy to chip away
at Duke Energy's monopoly power.

   While incentives are important for all solar companies, residential and
commercial companies face an additional regulatory obstacle: North Carolina's
restriction on third-party sales. n163 The  [*322]  restriction comes from the
North Carolina Public Utilities Act (PUA), which prevents public utilities from
serving overlapping territories. n164 Since Duke Energy serves the majority of
North Carolina, n165 renewable energy producers, which are considered public
utilities under the PUA, would infringe on this territory. n166 While
restrictions on public utilities are common, most states have removed the
obstacle by narrowing the definition of a public utility, either limiting it to
retail electricity sellers or excluding some or all renewable energy producers.
n167 Only five states have not excluded renewable energy producers from the
restriction in some way. n168 North Carolina needs to join the rest of the
country in allowing third-party sales, which have tremendously increased
residential and commercial sales in other states, and would do the same here.
n169

   Several organizations have attempted to change or remove the PUA. Most
recently, NC WARN provided a rooftop solar array to Faith Community Church,
knowing Duke Energy would retaliate, triggering litigation. n170 Currently, NC
WARN is requesting a declaratory ruling by the NCUC that it is not a public
utility and therefore not restricted from third-party sales. n171 NC WARN argues
[*323]  that it is not providing electricity to the public, but only to
"self-selected nonprofit organizations." n172 The NCUC will decide whether to
allow third-party sales, perhaps only to nonprofits, in 2016. n173 The
litigation team then plans to appeal the decision, seeking a court ruling that
will force the NCUC to amend the PUA and allow third-party sales. n174

   A legislative solution, the Energy Freedom Act, was proposed in March of
2015. n175 It would allow third party sales by renewable energy producers that
meet certain requirements. n176 Specifically, it clarifies the definition of a
public utility in the North Carolina Public Utilities Act to read:



   A person who constructs or operates an electric generating facility on a
customer's property for the primary purpose of producing electricity, heat, or
steam for sale to or for the use by the customer is not a public utility and is
not subject to regulation by the utilities commission so long as the facility is
sized to supply no more than one hundred twenty-five percent of the average
annual energy consumption of the customer at that site. n177

 However, although several large companies supported the proposal, it did not
leave committee discussions to reach a vote, and  [*324]  the bill will be
reintroduced in 2016. n178

   In the meantime, companies may circumvent the restriction using solar leases,
although they could face backlash from utilities. n179 This would be
accomplished using a sale-leaseback agreement for residential and commercial
solar installations. n180 In a standard sale-leaseback agreement, the solar
developer sells a system to the customer, simultaneously signing a lease for the
same system. n181 To avoid violating the PUA, companies could tie monthly lease
payments to the energy generated by the solar array, thus indirectly
compensating the purchaser for the generation of power without actually selling
the power to a third party. n182 However, even those suggesting this structure
warn that while it is procedurally not a third-party sale, substantively it may
be considered production of electricity and "distribution to or for the public
for compensation" under the PUA. n183 Still, the statute is not clear or
absolute, and until the restriction is lifted, it will continue to severely
limit the residential solar market, so a creative sale-leaseback agreement may
be worth the effort and risk.

   The uncertainty that the outdated PUA creates, combined with short-term state
policies and narrow federal policies, immensely weakens North Carolina's solar
industry. Although solar energy policies brought in billions of dollars in
revenue from investment and tax revenues, state legislators decided to abruptly
extinguish the state ITC. Clearly, advocacy is necessary to prevent more drastic
cuts and keep some level of consistency in North Carolina's solar policies.

   III. Private Solutions

 The upside to the inconsistent,limited resources provided by state and federal
governments is that it inspires solutions by private investors, nonprofits, and
grassroots community organizations. This section details existing private
solutions in North Carolina, models  [*325]  from out of state that can be
implemented here, and advice and expertise from several individuals in the solar
industry and renewable energy policy sphere. More than one industry expert
advised that in a difficult market, it is particularly important that companies
be creative and savvy, and find something unique to offer. n184 However, even
with innovative ideas, a solar company needs reliable funding.

   A. Private Investment

 Private investment varies based on a company's purpose and model. A
utility-scale company, for instance, needs funding for large up-front capital
costs. Most solar farms in North Carolina need about $ 5 million to cover
construction costs alone. n185 This need is often met using "project finance,"
which in the solar industry is a method of borrowing from a large investor with
a "tax appetite." n186 Project finance can be structured in several different
ways, but developers most commonly use the Partnership Flip structure. n187 In a
Partnership Flip, a project investor contributes either equity or debt financing
in exchange for majority ownership of the project, which allows the solar
project to benefit from the federal ITC and other incentives when the developer
otherwise might not qualify for them. n188 Once the investor's target return on
investment is reached, the ownership ratio  [*326]  flips, giving the developer
control and, usually, an option to buy out the investor. n189 Although the
removal of the state ITC would probably decrease in-state investors' willingness
to use the Partnership Flip structure, n190 most large investors are national
companies who could still take advantage of the federal ITC. n191

   However, North Carolina developers already compete for investment with other
developers across the country. The state ITC made North Carolina projects more
reliable investments by almost doubling investors' tax savings and demonstrating
the state government's support of the solar industry, which suggested stability
and therefore lower risk. n192 Now, utility-scale companies will have to rely on
their reputations and accumulated project portfolios to secure private
investment. n193 Thus, the state ITC's expiration eliminates the competitive
edge North Carolina's utility-scale solar companies used to have. n194

   For residential solar companies, private investment provides indirect
benefits by saving consumers money on solar installations, most often via solar
loan products. n195 For example, Dividend Solar, a  [*327]  national solar
investment firm, offers loans through its EmpowerLoan program. n196 In 2015,
these were offered through partnerships with North Carolina companies for $ 0
down, securitized by the solar installation the loan was used to pay for. n197
Many other banks provide similar loans for renewable energy projects, including
solar loans. n198 However, most solar loans are conditioned on tax incentives,
often specifically on the state ITC, n199 so application processes and
eligibility requirements will likely change in 2016. n200

   Because private investment depends on actual and perceived ROI, they depend
heavily on state and federal policies and incentives. Thus, for both
utility-scale and residential solar companies, private investment is not a
substitute for government policy, but a supplement. Without the state ITC,
private investment will still be a viable option for solar companies in North
Carolina, but investors will be more reluctant, investing fewer dollars and
demanding higher interest rates. n201

   B. Community Organizations and Solarize Programs

   1. Solarize Programs

 Since solar loan rates will likely increase, residential solar companies will
need to turn to alternative methods of lowering costs for consumers, such as
Solarize programs. The first Solarize program began as a grassroots movement in
Oregon and quickly expanded across the country. It helps reduce three barriers
that prevent individuals from entering the residential solar market: high
upfront costs, dauntingly complex transactions, and low customer inertia. n202
[*328]  Although Solarize programs vary greatly, they generally share three
characteristics. n203 First, Solarize campaigns pre-select solar contractors in
a competitive process to ensure quality and prevent customers from having to
independently research solar developers. n204 Second, the campaign uses
community outreach to solicit participation, sparking higher customer inertia.
n205 Third, the selected solar developer offers a discount for a limited time to
lower the costs for consumers in exchange for a guaranteed bulk sale. n206 If a
solar developer can establish itself as a reputable contractor to Solarize
programs, it can generate a reliable source of income. n207

   For example, Yes! Solar Solutions and Southern Energy Management worked with
Duke University's Solarize program, which helped local residents purchase solar
panels for a negotiated discount. n208 The Solarize program lowered the retail
price of the installation by about 10%, and when combined with the 30% federal
ITC and 35% state ITC, customers saved 75% on their solar installations. n209
The university incorporated this program into the Duke Employee Solar Discount
Pilot Program, in which Duke employees received a 10-20% discount on home solar
installations, saving up to 85%. n210 Because the state ITC expired, these
programs may not be offered in 2016. n211 Solarize programs depend on large-
[*329]  scale involvement, n212 and without the dramatic savings from the
combined state and federal ITCs, consumers are less likely to opt in to the
program. n213

   However, solar companies continue to partner with nonprofits to implement
Solarize programs throughout the state. For instance, Yes! Solar Solutions has
participated in several Solarize programs around North Carolina, and plans to
continue to do so. n214 The state ITC's expiration will decrease the
effectiveness of Solarize programs, but concentrated purchasing power, combined
with the federal ITC, will still drive down prices and spark consumer
investment.

   2. Established Community Organizations and Methods

 Communities also come together to support solar energy projects without
established Solarize programs. n215 In a Solar Purchasing Cooperative, for
example, a community agrees to install solar panels on their homes at the same
time, providing both negotiating power and an incentive for the developer to
offer a lower price for the bulk sale. n216 For instance, Interfaith Power &
Light began as a collection of Episcopal churches coming together to purchase
renewable energy. n217 Because this initial effort was so successful, it has
grown into a national non-profit, with a very active North Carolina affiliate.
n218 Most recently, it helped install a solar photovoltaic array on the United
Church of Chapel Hill. n219 The project asked congregants for donations to fund
the project, and then they could take advantage of the federal and state ITC on
their investments. n220 Like Solarize programs,  [*330]  established Solar
Purchasing Cooperatives provide a small-scale opportunity for solar developers
to market their products more directly and effectively to residential consumers.

   While Solar Purchasing Cooperatives focus mainly on residential solar
purchases, many community organizations have recently used their collective
bargaining power to create Community Benefits Agreements (CBAs) between
community members, local governments, and utility-scale solar developers. n221
CBAs ensure that solar developments do not infringe upon the local community or
run afoul of local regulations, while still generating a profit for the solar
developer. Although CBAs are generally initiated by community members,
prospective developers could approach community organizations to create them.

   By approaching community members before issues arise, companies can avoid
unnecessary costs and decrease downside risk, which may encourage private
investment. Recently, in the Town of Woodland, community members signed a
petition successfully preventing the installation of a fourth solar farm outside
of the town. n222 The community was not opposed to the solar farms, since it had
permitted three others; they simply did not like the location of the proposed
fourth. n223 The solar farm developer could have negotiated with the community
members to select a different site, and the town may have signed a CBA allowing
the solar farm's development rather than signing a petition to prevent it. n224

   Working with local communities offers a small-scale solution for both
residential and utility-scale solar developers. This strategy will help motivate
consumers to purchase solar energy systems without the state ITC's tax savings,
and it may prevent extra costs by avoiding zoning and other local regulatory
complications. While this strategy  [*331]  will not compensate for the lack of
the state ITC, it may still help encourage investment in North Carolina solar
projects.

   3. Grassroots Organizations and Creative Solutions

 Even without established organizations, communities can come together to
complete community solar projects. For example, in West Virginia, a group of
almost 100 families and businesses in Jefferson County crowdfunded a large solar
array on the Shepherdstown Presbyterian church without using tax incentives or
other government-backed funds. n225 Instead, they installed demand response
controllers on electric water heaters, which Mosaic Power pays homeowners $ 100
to install, and donated Mosaic's payments to the church project. n226 Future
income will, however, rely on state incentives; the church's array will sell
SRECs to Pennsylvania utilities. n227 Similarly, in Highland Park, Michigan, a
community group crowdfunded solar-powered street lights to replace the
traditional lights the local government removed to cut costs. n228 The
fundraising goal was met in one month. n229 While these communities started
their projects independently, solar developers would benefit from soliciting
communities to initiate similar projects.

   In addition, companies should develop unique ways to serve the solar market.
For instance, Mr. Morris and Mr. Grimes suggest specializing in operations and
maintenance (O&M) of solar sites and equipment. n230 North Carolina has 954
megawatts of solar capacity across the state, n231 and over 3,000 megawatts in
development, produced by over 600 solar farm sites. n232 These sites need
continued  [*332]  maintenance to ensure quality performance; solar farms face
damage from shorted cells, browning or discoloring, transformer leaks, and more.
n233 Firms that provide O&M services would be valuable in North Carolina. n234
By turning to O&M, a company retains usefulness even in otherwise slow years for
the industry. Because few established resources exist, solar companies need to
think creatively to thrive in the next few years.

   Conclusion

 The state ITC was very beneficial to North Carolina's solar industry, and the
market will suffer for its expiration. Opponents of solar energy regulation
often argue that state incentives bear unpredictable costs, but this is because
cost predictions use myriad methods, creating myriad results. n235 Rather than
looking at predictions, legislators should base their decisions on past results.
North Carolina has seen economic growth, especially in rural areas, as a direct
result of its solar policies. For every dollar spent on the state ITC, North
Carolina saw $ 1.54 in local and state tax revenue. n236 Furthermore, by
developing solar farms on abandoned tobacco fields or other open spaces without
other economic uses, utility-scale solar companies create markets for rural
land. This market creation, combined with out-of-state investment in the
projects, has resulted in billions of dollars in state revenue and thousands of
new jobs. n237  [*333]  Moreover, these benefits tend to help low-income areas,
and they directly benefit consumers, unlike other tax credits that go to
businesses alone. n238

   The expiration of the state ITC reflects a national tendency for inconsistent
policy, which will likely continue to plague the solar industry at both the
federal and state level. n239 This inconsistency lies in both the nature of
policies and incentives offered and the length of time they remain available.
When companies can only take advantage of a small loan program in certain rural
areas, or a grant program that changes its requirements each year, incentives
are not doing their job. The goal of government incentives is to stimulate the
solar energy industry as a whole, setting the foundation for a robust, long-term
solar market. Instead, narrow, short-term incentives create weak, temporary
markets for a handful of small projects.

   Unfortunately, n240 this is unlikely to change. Government policy regarding
renewable energy has gradually improved since the 1990s, but consistency is not
on the horizon. So, while planning for long-term success by advocating for
improvement and stability in government policy, companies must devise creative
short-term business strategies. Most promisingly, the federal ITC and MACRS
program are unique in that they will be available and predictable for several
years. For now, North Carolina companies should rely more heavily on these
incentives to solicit private investment, supplementing this by working with
local governments and community organizations to ensure favorable local zoning
and other policies.

   By taking advantage of every available resource, finding a niche market,
employing creative business strategies, and advocating for more beneficial solar
policy, North Carolina solar companies can weather the storm. Eventually, those
who realize renewable energy is  [*334]  worth short-term costs for long-term
gain n241 will convince legislators to give the solar industry a large enough
umbrella and leave it in place long enough to actually provide market
protection.

[*335]

   Appendix A: Federal Grant Programs n242


Target Market       Grant Source      Grant Terms       Description
Commercial, Local   US Dept. of       25% of project    Rural Energy for
Government,         Agriculture       cost, between     America Program
Agricultural (Non-                    $ 1,500 and       (REAP). Grants to
Residential)                          $ 500,000.        install renewable
                                                        energy systems,
                                                        make energy
                                                        efficiency
                                                        improvements,
                                                        reduce
                                                        consumption.
                                                        http://
                                                        www.rurdev.usda.gov
                                                        /
                                                        BCP_ReapResEei.html
Agricultural,       US Dept. of       Variable, capped  Rural Energy for
Rural Small         Agriculture       at $ 100,000 in   America Program
Businesses                            2015.             (REAP). Energy
                                                        Audit and
                                                        Renewable Energy
                                                        Development
                                                        Assistance Program
                                                        (REDA). http://
                                                        www.rd.usda.gov/
                                                        programs-services/
                                                        rural-energy-
                                                        america-program-
                                                        energy-audit-
                                                        renewable-energy-
                                                        development-
                                                        assistance
Tribal Government   US Dept. of       Variable          Tribal Energy
                    Energy                              Program. 25 U.S.C.
                                                         § 3501 et seq.
                                                        http://
                                                        apps1.eere.energy.g
                                                        ov/
                                                        tribalenergy/
Commercial, Local   US Dept. of       $ 50,000-         Grant program for
Government,         Agriculture -     $ 3,000,000       rural communities
Nonprofit,          Rural Utilities                     with high home
Residential,        Service                             energy costs; must
Tribal Government                                       be related to a
                                                        project to benefit
                                                        the community.
                                                        http://
                                                        www.rd.usda.gov/
                                                        programs-services/
                                                        high-energy-cost-
                                                        grants

  [*336]

   Appendix B: Federal Loan Programs n243


Target market       Loan Terms          Loan Source    Implementation/
                                                       Description
Multifamily                             Fannie Mae     Green Initiative.
Residential                                            Multifamily may be
                                                       rental or
                                                       cooperative, with
                                                       at least 5 units.
                                                       Extra incentives
                                                       for Multifamily
                                                       Affordable
                                                       Housing. https://
                                                       www.fanniemae.com/
                                                       multifamily/green-
                                                       initiative
Commercial, Farm    Up to 30 years,     US Dept. of    Loan Guarantee and
                    $ 25,000,000        Agriculture    Grant Funding
                                        Rural          program. http://
                                        Development    www.rd.usda.gov/
                                                       programs-services/
                                                       rural-energy-
                                                       america-program-
                                                       renewable-energy-
                                                       systems-energy-
                                                       efficiency
Local Government,   Tax credits in      US Internal    Clean Renewable
Electric Coops,     lieu of bond        Revenue        Energy Bonds, 26
Utilities, State    interest to lower   Service        USC§§54A, 54C.
Government          interest rate                      http://www.irs.gov/
                                                       Tax-Exempt-Bonds
Local Government,   Tax credits in      US Internal    Qualified Energy
Electric Coops,     lieu of bond        Revenue        Conservation
Utilities, State    interest to lower   Service        Bonds. http://
Government          interest rate                      energy.gov/eere/
                                                       slsc/qualified-
                                                       energy-
                                                       conservation-bonds

  [*337]

   Appendix B: Federal Loan Programs (Continued)


Target Market      Loan Terms         Loan Source        Implementation/
                                                         Description
Renewable Energy    § 1703 of Title   US Department of   Loan guarantee
Company            XVII of Energy     Energy             program through
                   Policy Act (2005                      Dept. of Energy
                   EPAct)                                for high
                                                         technology risks,
                                                         to encourage new/
                                                         improved
                                                         technologies in
                                                         energy projects.
Residential        Up to $ 8,000      Federal Housing    Energy Efficient
                                      Administration,    Mortgage. http://
                                      Veterans Affairs   www.resnet.us/
                                                         ratings/mortgages
Residential        Up to $ 7,500,     Federal Housing    PowerSaver loan
                   $ 25,000, or       Administration     program. http://
                   $ 625,000          and US Department  energy.gov/eere/
                                      of Housing and     buildings/
                                      Urban Development  powersaver-loans
Residential,       20 years, up to    US Department of   Biorefinery,
Commercial, Farm,  the lesser of      Agriculture Rural  Renewable
Local Government,  $ 250,000,000 or   Development        Chemical, and
Nonprofits,        80% of project                        Biobased Product
Coops, Utilities   costs                                 Manufacturing
                                                         Assistance
                                                         Program. http://
                                                         www.rd.usda.gov/
                                                         programs-services/
                                                         biorefinery-
                                                         assistance-program

  [*338]

   Appendix C: North Carolina Loan Programs n244


Target market Loan Terms     Loan Source           Implementation/
                                                   Description
Small         3%, 10 yrs     Town of Carrboro      Small business/nonprofit
Businesses,                  General Revenue       must have <50
Nonprofits                                         employees. http://
                                                   townofcarrboro.org/166/
                                                   1563/WISE-Energy-
                                                   Efficiency-Loan-Fund.
                                                   (City of Carrboro only.)
Local         Up to 8%, 20   North Carolina        Local Governments can
Government    years                                use federal and state
                                                   grants and loans to give
                                                   these loans to local
                                                   residents. NCGS § 160A-
                                                   459.1. Local governments
                                                   can also establish loan
                                                   loss reserve funds. NCGS
                                                   §§153A-455. Loans to
                                                   residents may also be
                                                   paid for by levying
                                                   property taxes. NCGS
                                                    § 160A209(c)(12a).
Residential   6%, 60         Lumbee River          http://
              months, max    Electric Membership   www.lumbeeriver.com/
              $ 7,000        Corporation           content/weatherization-
                                                   loans.
Residential   6%, 12-120     Lumbee River          http://
              months, $ 500- Electric Membership   www.lumbeeriver.com/
              $ 17,000       Corporation           content/weatherization-
                                                   loans.
Residential   5%, 7 years,   Piedmont Electric     http://www.pemc.coop/
              max $ 10,000   Membership            energySavings/
                             Corporation           energyEfficiencyLoanProgr
                                                   am.aspx
Residential   4-6%, 60       Four County Electric  Comfort Loan Program.
              months, up to  Membership            http://www.fourcty.org/
              $ 6,500        Corporation           index.php?p=4&s=29

  [*339]

   Appendix C: North Carolina Loan Programs (Continued)


Target Market Loan Terms            Loan Source       Implementation/
                                                      Description
Residential   5%, 60 months         Haywood Electric  http://
                                    Membership        www.haywoodemc.com/
                                    Corporation       content/heat-
                                                      pumpweatherization-
                                                      loan
Residential   9%, 60 months, $      Union Electric    Administered through
              7,500
                                    Membership        Union Power
                                    Corporation       Cooperative. http://
                                                      www.union-power.com/
                                                      mainNav/myHome/
                                                      heatPumpFinancing.aspx
Residential,  5%, tiered repayment  Tideland          Weatherization Loan
Farm,         terms based on        Electric          Program. http://
Commercial    amount of loan.       Membership        www.tidelandemc.com/
                                    Corporation       my-residence/products-
                                                      services/
                                                      weatherization-loans
Residential,  6-8%, up to 10 years  Tennessee Valley  Implemented by local,
Small                               Authority         TVA-served utility
Businesses                                            companies.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawConservationGeneral OverviewEnergy & Utilities LawSolar &
Biomass IndustriesTax LawFederal Income Tax ComputationDeductions for
Amortization, Depletion & DepreciationInvestment Tax Credit (IRC secs. 38, 39,
46-50)

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy, Dep't of Energy, The History of Solar
2, https://www1.eere.energy.gov/solar/pdfs/solar_timeline.pdf.





n2.  Id. at 3. NASA put solar panels on satellites orbiting the Earth beginning
in 1956, and solar power is the main source of energy for NASA's missions in
2015. Jeffrey Smith, Nat'l Aeronautics & Space Admin., Greenspace: Leveraging
NASA for a Greener Earth (Deborah Bazar, ed., Sept. 23, 2010),
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/ames/greenspace/clean-energy.html.





n3.  See, e.g., U.S. Energy Info. Admin., Petroleum Chronology of Events
1970-2000 (May 2002), http://www.eia.gov/pub/oil_gas/petroleum/analysis_
publications/chronology/petroleumch ronology2000.htm (observing that the U.S.
had "decades of ample supplies and growing consumption").





n4.  See id. ("The impact of environmental compliance costs on U.S. refining,
increased capital expenditures in response to the requirements of the Clean Air
Act Amendments of 1990, modest growth in product demand and volatile crude oil
prices caused a wave of joint ventures, mergers, and restructuring of the U.S.
petroleum industry during the latter part of the 1990's.").





n5.  Id.





n6.  Id.





n7.  Nadia Osman, Solar Continues Massive Drop, in Solar Basics, Solar
Technology, UnderstandSolar.com (July 20, 2015),
http://understandsolar.com/cost-of-solar/.





n8.  Scott Nyquist, Lower Oil Prices but More Renewables: What's Going On? (June
2015), http://www.mckinsey.com/insights/energy_resources_
materials/lower_oil_prices_but_more_ renewables_whats_going_on.





n9.  Nyquist, supra note 8.





n10.  Env't America Res. & Pol'y' Ctr., Star Power: The Growing Role of Solar
Power in America 4 (Nov. 2014),
http://www.environmentamerica.org/sites/environment/files/
reports/EA_Star_Power.pdf.





n11.  Phone interview with Jen Williams, Senior Associate, Investments, Sol
Systems (Nov. 24, 2015); Edgar Meza, IRENA: PV Prices Have Declined 80% Since
2008, PV Mag. (Sept. 11, 2014),
http://www.pv-magazine.com/news/details/beitrag/irena -
pv-prices-have-declined-80-sinc e-2008_100016383/#axzz3uOyv4GgJ.





n12.  For instance, 195 countries signed the Paris Agreement in 2015. U. N.
Framework Convention on Climate Change, Adoption of the Paris Agreement:
Proposal by the President, 2, U.N. Doc. FCCC/CP/2015/L.9/Rev. 1 (Dec. 12, 2015),
http://unfccc.int/resource/doc s/2015/cop21/eng/l09r01.pdf ("acknowledging the
need to promote universal access to sustainable energy in developing countries,
in particular in Africa, through the enhanced deployment of renewable energy");
Robert J. Brulle, Jason Carmichael & J. Craig Jenkins, Shifting Public Opinion
on Climate Change: An Empirical Assessment of Factors Influencing Concern over
Climate Change in the U.S., 2002-2010 8 (Feb. 3, 2012),
http://www.pages.drexel.edu/[#x223c]brullerj/02-12ClimateChange
Opinion.Fulltext.pdf (noting that public opinion is important in encouraging
market success).





n13.  N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State Univ., Database of State
Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency, DSIRE (2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program (providing a list of federal and
state incentives, searchable by state or category).





n14.  Capital Tonight: Renewable Energy in NC (Time Warner Cable News broadcast
Mar. 30, 2015, 9:39PM), http://www.twcnews.com/nc/north-carolina/
politics/2015/03/30/capital-tonight -march-30 - renewable-energy-in-nc.html
(Community Roundtable interview with Tom Swanson, Pew Charitable Trusts, John
Morrison, Strata Solar, and Betsy McCorkle, N.C. Sustainable Energy Assoc.)
[hereinafter Time Warner Cable News Interview].





n15.  Lucas Brun, The Solar Economy: Widespread Benefits for North Carolina
(Feb. 15, 2015), http://www.cggc.duke.edu/pdfs/02152015Duke_CGGC_
NCSolarEnergyReport.pdf.





n16.  See N.C.G.S. § 62-133.8.





n17.  N.C. Utilities Comm'n, North Carolina Utilities Commission Adopts Final
Rules Implementing Session Law 2007-397 (Feb. 29, 2008),
http://starw1.ncuc.net/NCUC/ViewFile.as
px?Id=c1d0eb36-9979-4627-9a7a-566aa9385dba (press release by the N.C. Utilities
Commission).





n18.  N.C.G.S. § 105-129.16A(a). See generally Am. Council On Renewable Energy
(ACORE), Renewable Energy in the 50 States (Sept. 2012), http://acore.org/files/
pdfs/states/2012-50statereport-lowres.pdf [hereinafter ACORE Report] (evaluating
each state's renewable energy tax credits and other incentives).





n19.  §§105-129.15(7)(e); Time Warner News Interview, supra note 14.





n20.  See generally ACORE Report, supra note18; see also id. at 32 (a couple of
states had tax credits exceeding North Carolina's, including Florida, which
offers a corporate-only 75% tax credit). Of twenty-two states offering ITCs,
five only offer a corporate tax credit, and two offer only a personal tax
credit. Id. at 14, 32, 54, 82, 86, 92, 110 (AL, FL, ND, OK, and RI offer the
corporate tax credit; MA and WV offer the personal tax credit). Several other
states have tax incentives such has property or sales tax exemptions, some have
tax credits for renewable energy other than solar, and some have similarly
structured tax deductions. Id. at 42, 70, 74 (NV exempts corporate renewable
energy systems from property and sales and use taxes; NJ offers a tax credit for
wind energy investment; IN has a solar tax deduction). In North Carolina's tax
subsidy bill, the list of applicable renewable energy properties was also broad,
including biomass, geothermal, hydroelectric, solar energy, and wind equipment.
N.C.G.S. § 105-129.15(7).





n21.  26 U.S.C. § 25D (individual tax credit); 26 U.S.C. § 48 (commercial tax
credit).





n22.  Time Warner Cable News Interview, supra note 14 (Swanson also attributes
the success of North Carolina's solar industry to its infrastructure, research
institutions, and "ability to attract innovative startup companies").





n23.  REC Solar, Market Segments,
http://www.recgroup.com/en/aboutsolar/solar-markets/ (last visited Mar. 11,
2016). Commercial installations can include large-scale industrial facilities.
Id.





n24.  Josh Birch, No Solar Farm Tax Credits in New State Budget Hurt Business,
Towns, WNCT News (Oct. 12, 2015),
http://wnct.com/2015/10/12/no-solar-farm-tax-credits-in-new-state-budget-hurt-bu
siness-towns/ [hereinafter WNCT News Interview].





n25.  Lauren Shwisberg, Energy Collective, Utility Scale Solar Energy: North
Carolina's Emergent Success (Feb. 27, 2014),
http://www.theenergycollective.com/cleanenergyleadership
institute/346491/utility-scale-solar-energy-north-carolinas-emergent-success.
The projects are small (under 5 megawatts) because of the North Carolina
Utilities Commission (NCUC) restrictions for standard PPAs. Id. Discussed
further infra section II.B.1.





n26.  Solar Energy Industries Assoc., Third-Party Solar Financing,
http://www.seia.org/pol icy/finance-tax/third-party-financing (last visited Mar.
11, 2016).





n27.  Katharine Kollins, Bethany Speer & Karlynn Cory, Duke Univ. & Nat'l
Renewable Energy Laboratory, Solar PV Project Financing: Regulatory and
Legislative Challenges for Third-Party PPA System Owners(Feb. 2010),
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy10osti/46723.pdf.





n28.  U.S. Energy Information Admin., Solar Explained: Photovoltaics and
Electricity (Oct. 26, 2015),
http://www.eia.gov/Energyexplained/index.cfm?page=solar_ photovoltaics; U.S.
Energy Information Admin., Solar Explained: Solar Thermal Collectors (Oct. 26,
2015), http://www.eia.gov/Energyexplained/index.cfm?page=solar_thermal
_collectors. These installations are almost always photovoltaic, although some
are solar thermal. Both photovoltaic and solar thermal systems can be installed
on a residence, but photovoltaic can generate power to be distributed back to
the grid, while solar thermal only generates heating and cooling for the
residence. Id.





n29.  See, e.g., Yes! Solar Solutions, Solar Instant Cash Rebate,
http://www.yessolarsol utionsnc.com/nc-home-solar/tax-credits/ (last visited
Mar. 11, 2016) (noting that the state income tax credit expires December 31, and
offering a rebate to encourage installations in early 2016); see also Southern
Energy Management, Residential Solar FAQ, http://southern-en
ergy.com/home-solar/community-solar-programs/ residential-solar-faq/ (last
visited Mar. 11, 2016") (noting the savings from the federal ITC in response to
the question "How much does it cost?", having deleted additional information
about the North Carolina tax credit).





n30.  Stone & Assoc., BlueGreen Alliance Foundation, Overview of the Solar
Energy Industry and Supply Chain 9 (Jan. 2011),
http://www.thecemc.org/body/Solar-Overview-for-BGA-Final-Jan-2011.pdf.





n31.  This guarantee comes from the federal Public Utility Regulatory Policies
Act (PURPA), 16 U.S.C.§§2601-2645, discussed infra Section I.B.





n32.  Id.





n33.  Time Warner Cable News Interview, supra note 14, discussed further, infra
Section III.





n34.  Id.Id. (around 12:45).





n35.  See N.C. Utilities Comm'n, North Carolina's Public Utility Infrastructure
& Regulatory Climate 18 (Jul. 2015),
http://www.ncuc.commerce.state.nc.us/overview/Over view.pdf (demonstrating that
Duke Energy is the only energy provider in its service areas).





n36.  Time Warner Cable News Interview, supra note 14.





n37.  PEW Charitable Trusts, Clean Economy Rising: Solar Shines in North
Carolina 3, 5 (Oct. 2014),
http://www.pewtrusts.org/[#x223c]/media/assets/2014/10/clean-energy-north-caroli
na-policy-brief-for-web.pdf?la=en.





n38.  See, e.g., Americans for Prosperity, State Budget Sunsets "Renewable
Energy Tax Credit' (Sept. 15, 2015),
http://site.americansforprosperity.org/nc-jobs-agenda/2015/09/15/
state-budget-sunsets-renewable-energy-tax-credit/. Americans for Prosperity is a
conservative political advocacy group, discussed in Section III, infra.





n39.  The Republican party had not been in control of North Carolina for
decades, until in 2012 when they took control of the Governor's seat, House, and
Senate. Kim Severson, G.O.P.'s Full Control in Long-Moderate North Carolina May
Leave Lasting Stamp, NYTimes.com (Dec. 11, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/12/us/politics/gop-to-take-cont
rol-in-long-moderate-north-carolina.html. They quickly began changing state
policy, abandoning progressive regulations and implementing conservative ones.
Id.





n40.  Env't N.C., Blocking the Sun 18 (Oct. 2015),
http://environmentnorthcarolina.org/sites/environment/files/reports/
NC_BlockingtheSun_scrn.pdf.





n41.  John Downey, N.C. Killing Tax Credits, but Renewable Power Mandates
Remain, Charlotte Bus. J. (Sept. 15, 2015),
http://www.bizjournals.com/charlotte/blog/energy/2015/09/n-c-kills-tax-credits-b
ut-mandates-for-renewable.html.





n42.  See, e.g., interview with Rachel Burton, Co-Founder, Piedmont Biofuels
(Nov. 11, 2015). Ms. Burton highlighted the differences between solar companies
and other renewable energy, clarifying that the state ITC affects the solar
industry much more than biofuels. The local and national biofuel industry is
impacted more by EPA regulations, which have recently been inconsistent and
harmful for biofuel companies. Id. I also interviewed Cullen Morris and Latham
Grimes, who co-founded Cooperative Solar, an independent contractor that helps
developers find viable sites for solar farms. They both previously worked at
Strata Solar, a utility-scale solar farm developer that began in 2010 and
quickly grew into an internationally recognized leader in solar energy.
Interview with Cullen Morris, President, Cooperative Solar, and Latham Grimes,
Co-owner, Cooperative Solar, Development and Strategic Advisor, Strata Solar
(Dec. 8, 2015). Kathy Miller, co-founder of Yes! Solar Solutions, installs
residential solar systems and lobbies for solar policy. Interview with Kathy
Miller, Vice President, Yes! Solar Solutions (Dec. 17, 2015).





n43.  See interview with Charles Adair, Program Manager, Duke Carbon Offsets
Initiative (Nov. 30, 2015); phone interview with Williams, supra note 11;
interview with Ryke Longest, Clinical Professor of Law and Director,
Environmental Law and Policy Clinic, Duke University School of Law (Dec. 3,
2015).





n44.  See, e.g., Solar Energy Industries Assoc., 2014 Top 10 Solar States
(2015),
http://www.seia.org/sites/default/files/resources/Top%2010%20Solar%20States%
202014%201pager.pdf.





n45.  Solar Energy Industries Assoc., North Carolina Leads South, 2nd in Nation
in Newe Solar Installations (Mar. 12, 2015),
http://www.seia.org/news/north-carolina-leads-south-2nd-nation-new-solar-install
ations.





n46.  Clean Economy Rising, supra note 37, at 5, 7.





n47.  Letter from Apple, Inc., Google, Inc., and Facebook, Inc., to Phil Berger,
President Pro Tempore, N.C. Senate, and Tim Moore, Speaker, N.C. House of
Representatives (May 27, 2015),
http://c.ymcdn.com/sites/energync.site-ym.com/resource/resmgr/legislative/
TechNet_NC_H322_Letter.pdf (noting that all three companies "have chosen to
locate in North Carolina in part because [of] the state's existing energy
policies").





n48.  Duke Ctr. on Globalization, Governance & Competitiveness, The Solar
Economy: Widespread Benefits for North Carolina 31 (Feb. 2015),
http://www.cggc.duke.edu/pdfs/02152015duke_cggc_ ncsolarenergyreport.pdf.





n49.  John Aloysius Farrell, Koch's Web of Influence, Ctr. for Pub. Integrity
(Apr. 6, 2011, 6:00AM),
http://www.publicintegrity.org/2011/04/06/3936/kochs-web-influence; Blocking the
Sun, supra note 40, at 13-14.





n50.  North Carolina Tax Credit Expanded for One Year, ABC News (Apr. 30, 2015),
http://abc11.com/politics/north-carolina-solar-tax-credit-expanded-for-1-year/68
9093/. Governor Pat McCrory extended North Carolina's 35% tax subsidy only
through 2016 by signing Senate Bill 372, declining to extend the subsidy further
because the solar industry in North Carolina is "on its way to becoming
independent." Id.





n51.  See generally North Carolina General Assembly, An Act to Make Base Budget
Appropriations for Current Operations of State Departments, Institutions, and
Agencies, and for Other Purposes (2015 Appropriations Act), House Bill 97 (Feb.
24, 2015),
http://www.ncleg.net/Sessions/2015/budget/2015/H97-PCCS30420-LRxfr-6.pdf%20his%2
0reasoning.html.





n52.  See, e.g., phone interview with Williams, supra note 11 (stressing the
impact of the subsidy on state-level and national investors in solar project
financing); phone interview with Burton (clarifying that state subsidies affect
biodiesel and other renewable energy industries less than the solar industry;
biodiesel industry success has lately been frustrated by inconsistent EPA
regulations).





n53.  Ryan Wiser, Mark Bolinger, & Galen Barbose, Lawrence Berkeley Nat'l Lab.,
Using the Federal Production Tax Credit to Build a Durable Market for Wind Power
in the United States 5 (Nov. 2007),
https://emp.lbl.gov/sites/all/files/report-lbnl-63583.pdf.





n54.  Id.





n55.  N.C. Clean Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., Database of State
Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency: US (Federal), DSIRE (Dec. 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/ system/program?state=US& (listing twenty-eight
federal incentive programs for renewable energy, although not all are applicable
to solar companies).





n56.  Note that many federal incentives are targeted at certain subsets of solar
companies, markets, or technology, e.g. residential installations, rural
communities, or innovative and untested technologies.





n57.  Chris Mooney, A Short History of Sunsets, Legal Aff. (Jan./Feb. 2004),
http://www. legalaffairs.org/issues/January-February-2004/story_
mooney_janfeb04.msp.





n58.  Stephen Lacey, Congress Passes Tax Credits for Solar and Wind:
"Sausage-Making at Its Most Intense' (Dec. 18, 2015),
http://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/breaking-house-passes-1.1-trillion-s
pending-bill-with-renewable-energy-tax.





n59.  Am. Wind Energy Assoc., Wind Energy Gains Predictability from Tax Credits'
Multi-Year Extension (Dec. 16, 2015),
http://www.awea.org/MediaCenter/pressrelease.aspx?ItemNumber=8250.





n60.  Interview with Miller, supra note 42.





n61.  Kirin D. Walsh, An Industry on the Precipice of Change: Maintaining Solar
Energy's Competitive Advantage in North Carolina After the Expiration of the
Investment Tax Credits, 93 N.C. L. Rev. 1935 (2015), available at
http://nclawreview.org/documents/93/6/Walsh.pdf (citing Camilo Patrignani, A
Solar CEO Wants to End the Investment Tax Credit. Why?, Clean Technica (Jan. 13,
2015),
http://cleantechnica.com/2015/01/13/a-solar-ceo-wants-to-end-the-investment-tax-
credit-why/); Jason P. Brown, Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, The Cycles of
Wind Power Development, 3 Main Street Economist 1 (2013),
https://www.kansascityfed.org/publicat/mse/MSE_0313.pdf.





n62.  N.C. Clean Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., Business Energy Investment
Tax Credit, DSIRE (Dec. 21, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/658.. See also N.C. Clean
Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., Residential Renewable Energy Tax Credit,
DSIRE (Dec. 21, 2015), http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/1235
(the database splits incentives based on applicable recipients, thus separating
the ITC into its corporate and personal tax credit components). This extension
applies to both 26 U.S.C. § 25D (individual tax credit) and 26 U.S.C. § 48
(commercial tax credit).





n63.  Discussed in more detail infra, Section IV.A.





n64.  Interview with Miller, supra note 42.





n65.  Id. For instance, a project relying on the state and federal ITCs would
have been expecting a 65% tax credit to reduce the project's costs (30% federal
+ 35% state). If the federal ITC had been phased out rather than extended, this
credit would have dropped to 10%, less than a sixth of the original savings.
Now, with a 30% tax credit, the project saves just under half of what it would
have saved with the federal and state ITCs combined.





n66.  See, e.g., interview with Miller, supra note 42 (noting her surprise on
Dec. 17 that the ITC would likely be extended the following day); Sara Rafalson,
2016: Get it Done, SOURCE: Sol Project Fin J. (Nov. 17, 2015),
http://www.solsystems.com/blog/2015/11/17/2016-get-it-done/ (expecting the ITC
to drop to 10% in 2017 as scheduled). The several-year extension relieves
uncertainty and will help keep the industry consistent, both nationally and in
North Carolina, over the next few years. See discussion of boom-bust cycles,
suprasupra, note 53 and accompanying text.





n67.  26 U.S.C § 168(e)(3)(B)(vi)(I) (referencing § 48(a)(3)). The statute can
of course be edited, but an expiration date is not expressly included. Id.
Compare id. with § 168(k) (bonus depreciation expires in 2020, first tapering
down to 40% in 2018 and 30% in 2019).





n68.  Id.; N.C. Clean Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., Modified Accelerated
Cost-Recovery System, DSIRE (Dec. 21, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/676.





n69.  Straight-line depreciation, for example, calculates yearly depreciation
based on the equation . So, a $ 5 million property with an expected useful life
of 5 years would depreciate at $ 1 million per year.





n70.  See generally § 168.





n71.  § 168(e)(3)(B)(vi). This simply means the property depreciates over an
expected life of five years.





n72.  § 168(k); N.C. Clean Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., Modified
Accelerated Cost-Recovery System, DSIRE (Dec. 21, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/676.





n73.  A tax appetite is an ability to save a significant amount of money through
tax incentives like the ITC or MACRS. Discussed in more detail infra, Section
IV.A.





n74.  See Appendix A for a list of federal grants available to North Carolina
solar companies, most of which target rural, agricultural, and tribal markets.





n75.  Sammy Fretwell, Some Farmers Growing Profit with New Row Crop: Solar
Panels, Raleigh News & Observer (Nov. 11, 2012) (reproduced by N.C. Clean Energy
Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., Some Farmers Growing Profit with New Row Crop:
Solar Panels, https://nc
cleantech.ncsu.edu/some-farmers-growing-profit-with-new-row-crop-solar-panels/).





n76.  Applicants may receive grants for at most 25% of the project's costs,
combined with a loan guarantee for another 50%. U.S. Dep't of Agriculture, Rural
Energy for America Program - Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency 1 (Mar.
2015), http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RD _FactSheet_RBS_REAP_RE_EE.pdf
[hereinafter REAP Fact Sheet]. If the applicant only applies for a loan
guarantee, and not a grant, it can cover up to 75% of the costs. Id. at 2. The
grants and loan guarantees are targeted at small projects, under $ 20,000, but
are available up to $ 25 million. N.C. Clean Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State
Univ., USDA - Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) Grants, DSIRE (Aug. 25,
2015), http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/pro gram/detail/917.





n77.  N.C. Clean Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., USDA - Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP) Grants, DSIRE (Aug. 25, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/ program/detail/917. For agricultural
producers, at least 50% of the business' gross income must come from
agricultural operation. REAP Fact Sheet, supra note 76, at 1.





n78.  Rural Development, U.S. Dep't of Agriculture, High Energy Cost Grants
(2015), http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/high-energy-cost-grants (last
visited Mar.Mar. 11, 2016). Either the energy provider (i.e. the solar company)
or the community it plans to serve can apply for the grant. Id.





n79.  Id.





n80.  U.S. Dep't of Agriculture, Application Guide: High Energy Cost Grant
Program: 2015 Notice of Solicitation of Applications 19 (2015),
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UEP_HECG_AppGuide_ 2015.pdf. These grants range
from $ 50,000 to $ 3 million. See id. at 4. Grant proposals are evaluated on a
case-by-case basis by a panel. Id. at 21.





n81.  See generally N.C. Clean Energy Tech. Ctr., N.C. State Univ., Programs:
North Carolina (2015), http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program?state=NC
(select ProgramType: Grant Programs).





n82.  Appendix B contains a full list of federal loan programs available to
North Carolina solar companies.





n83.  42 USC § 16511 et seq.; N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State
Univ., U.S. Department of Energy - Loan Guarantee Program, DSIRE (Nov. 12,
2015), http://programs. dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/3071.





n84.  Solicitation by Loan Programs Office, Dep't of Energy, Loan Guarantee
Solicitation Announcement, Sol. No. DE-SOL-0007514, OMB Control No. 1910-4135,
at 2 (Jul. 3, 2014),
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2015/12/f27/DOE-LPO_REEE_
Solicitation_03-Jun-2014.pdf; Energy Policy Act of 2005, P.L. No. 109-58 § 1703,
119 Stat. 594, 1121-22 (Aug. 2005) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 16513), available at
https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW-109publ58/pdf/PLAW-109publ58.pdf.





n85.  Loan Programs Office, Dep't of Energy, Powering New Markets: Utility-Scale
Photovoltaic Solar 6 (Feb. 2015),
http://www.energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2015/02/
f19/DOE_LPO_Utility-Scale_PV_Solar_ Markets_February2015 .pdf (discussing the §
1703 loans' predecessor, § 1705 loans); Loan Programs Office, Dep't of Energy,
LPO Financial Performance 3 (Nov. 2014),
http://www.energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2014/11
/f19/DOE-LPO-Financial%20Performance%20November%202014.pdf (touting the
projects' innovation and size).





n86.  Loan Programs Office, LPO Financial Performance, supra note 84 at 7-8.





n87.  Dep't of Energy, Guide to Federal Financing for Energy Efficiency and
Clean Energy Deployment 8-9 (Sept. 2014),
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2014/10/f18/Federal%20
Financing%20Guide%2009%2026%2014.pdf (identifying five "catalytic technology
areas" in 2014, none of which specifically included innovations in solar
technology). The loan guarantee rates also vary based on the project's credit
rating. Dep't of Energy, Credit-Based Interest Rate Spread for Title XVII,
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2015/04/f21/Credit-Based_Interes
t_Rate_Spread_7.9.14.pdf (last visited Dec. 25, 2015); N.C. Clean Energy
Technology Center, N.C. State Univ., U.S. Department of Energy - Loan Guarantee
Program, DSIRE (Nov. 12, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/3071.





n88.  N.C. Clean Energy Technology Ceneter, N.C. State Univ., Energy-Efficient
Mortgages, DSIRE (Jun. 24, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/742; Residential Energy
Servs. Network, Frequently Asked Questions; About Energy Efficient Mortgages
(2015), http://www.resnet.us/professional/ratings/faq_mortgage.





n89.  Id.





n90.  Nat'l Renewable Energy Laboratory, Dep't of Energy, Financing Home Energy
and Renewable Energy Improvements with FHA PowerSaver Loans,
http://www.nrel.gov/docs /fy14osti/61936.pdf (last visited Dec. 26, 2015).





n91.  Nat'l Renewable Energy Laboratory, Dep't of Energy, Property Assessed
Clean Energy Financing of Renewables and Efficiency (Jul. 2010),
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy10osti/470 97.pdf. The PACE program was updated in
2015 to be more enticing for mortgage lenders. Ed Golding, Fed. Housing Admin.,
Guidance for Use of FHA Financing on Homes with Existing PACE Liens and Flexible
Underwriting through Energy Department's Home Energy Score (Aug. 24, 2015),
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=FTDO.pdf.





n92.  Nat'l Renewable Energy Laboratory, Dep't of Energy, Local Option -
Property Assessed Clean Energy (PACE) Financing (Sept. 18, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/3647.





n93.  For example, the U.S. Department of Energy offers a grant specifically to
tribal governments. N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State Univ.,
Tribal Energy Program Grant, DSIRE (July 31, 2015),
http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program/detail/918. Also, Qualified Energy
Conservation Bonds are available to local governments to fund local renewable
energy projects. Dep't of Energy, Qualified Energy Conservation Bonds,
http://energy.gov/eere/slsc/qualified-energy-conservation-bonds (last visited
Dec. 26, 2015). New Clean Renewable Energy Bonds are available to government
entities, electric cooperatives, and public utilities. Dep't of Energy, Clean
Renewable Energy Bonds (CREBs) (2015),
http://energy.gov/savings/clean-renewable-energy-bonds-crebs (last visited Dec.
26, 2015).





n94.  Time Warner News Interview, supra note 13.





n95.  Scaling Green, Conservative Speakers at Clean Energy Summit Tout Virtues
of Clean Energy (Nov. 13, 2015),
http://scalinggreen.tigercomm.us/2015/11/speakers-conservative-clean-energy-summ
it-tout-virtues-clean-energy/.





n96.  Id.





n97.  Kim Severson, G.O.P.'s Full Control in Long-Moderate North Carolina May
Leave Lasting Stamp, NYTimes.com (Dec. 11, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/12/us/politics
/gop-to-take-control-in-long-moderate-north-carolina.html.





n98.  Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Portfolio Standard (REPS), N.C.G.S.
§ 62-133.8.





n99.  N.C. Utilities Comm'n, Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Portfolio
Standard (REPS) (2015) http://www.ncuc.commerce.state.nc.us/reps/reps.htm (last
visited Dec. 21, 2015).





n100.  Id. The REPS and the market for RECs are buoyed by the federal PURPA,
mandating that utilities purchase power from renewable energy companies. See
infra notes 96-98 and accompanying text.





n101.  Carbon offsets are similar to RECs but represent a reduction in emissions
rather than generation of renewable energy. Nat'l Resources Defense Council,
Buying Carbon Offsets: What You Need to Know (Jan. 15, 2014),
http://www.nrdc.org/globalwarming/offsets.asp (explaining that GHG-producing
companies can buy carbon offset credits from "projects that avoid or capture GHG
emissions").





n102.  N.C. Utilities Comm'n, supra note 87. Utilities purchase equipment to
create their own facilities to generate renewable energy.





n103.  North Carolina's SREC market is oversaturated, but some solar producers
can sell SRECs by registering in the Pennsylvania market. SRECTrade, North
Carolina (2015), http://www.srectrade.com/srec_markets/north_carolina.





n104.  The REPS in North Carolina requires a gradual increase of renewable power
generation, capping at 12.5% in 2021, where other states require much more:
California mandates 50% renewable by 2030 and Hawaii's goal is 100% by 2045.
N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center & U.S. Dep't of Energy, Renewable Portfolio
Standard Policies (Oct. 2015), http://ncsolarcen-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/
wp-content/uploads/2015/11/Renewable-Portfolio-Sta ndards.pdf.





n105.  Only a few solar companies have successfully sold SRECs to local
utilities, and those transactions were behind closed doors. SRECTrade, Where is
the NC SREC Market? (Aug. 31, 2010),
https://www.srectrade.com/blog/srec-markets/north-carolina/exploring-nc-srecs.
This is why the PURPA-enforced sale of energy by solar farms is such a common
method of solar energy production and sale. See infra, note 99 and accompanying
text.





n106.  See Platts, Platts Special Report: Renewable Energy Certificates 5 (Apr.
2012), http://www.platts.com/im.platts.content/insightanalysis/
industrysolutionpapers/ recspecial report1112.pdf.





n107.  N.C. GreenPower, Become a Generator (2015), https://www.ncgreenpower.org/
become-a-generator/. Dep't of Energy, Energy Incentive Programs: North Carolina
(Jul. 2015),
http://energy.gov/eere/femp/energy-incentive-programs-north-carolina; N.C.
GreenPower, Request for Proposals: Verifiable Carbon Offsets Generated in North
Carolina, South Carolina or Virginia,
https://www.ncgreenpower.org/documents/NCGP_CarbonRollingRFP_ 09.pdf (last
visited Dec. 25, 2015).





n108.  SRECTrade, North Carolina (2015),
http://www.srectrade.com/srec_markets/north_carolina.





n109.  Interview with Longest.





n110.  16 U.S.C.§§2601-2645.





n111.  16 U.S.C. § 2621(a); N.C. Utilities Comm'n, Welcome to the North Carolina
Utilities Commission, http://www.ncuc.commerce.state.nc.us/ (last visited Dec.
27, 2015).





n112.  18 C.F.R. § 304. However, utilities can be relieved from purchasing
obligations. 18 C.F.R. § 309-311.





n113.  Fed. Energy Regulatory Comm'n, What is a Qualifying Facility? (Feb. 3,
2012), http://www.ferc.gov/industries/electric/gen-info/qual-fac/ what-is.asp.





n114.  Fed. Energy Regulatory Comm'n, What are the Benefits of QF Status? (Feb.
3, 2012), http://www.ferc.gov/industries/electric/gen-info/qual-fac/
benefits.asp.





n115.  18 C.F.R. § 292.101(b)(6).





n116.  Duke Energy Progress, NC Standard Option Toolkit (2015),
https://www.progress-energy.com/carolinas/business/renewable-energy/sell/
nc-sell-all-toolkit.page?; Duke Energy Progress, LLC, Terms and Conditions for
the Purchase of Electric Power (Aug. 1, 2015),
http://www.duke-energy.com/pdfs/C2-NC-Terms-and-Conditions-dep.pdf.





n117.  Duke Energy Progress, LLC, Purchased Power Schedule PP-1 (Mar. 1, 2016),
https://www.duke-energy.com/pdfs/C1-NC-Schedule-CSP-dep.pdf.





n118.  http://www.duke-energy.com/pdfs/C2-NC-Terms-and-Conditions-dep.pdf.





n119.  Duke Energy Progress, LLC, Cogeneration and Small Power Producer Schedule
CSP-29B 2 (Aug. 1, 2015),
http://www.duke-energy.com/pdfs/C1-NC-Schedule-CSP-dep.pdf (listing alternative
options for "Non-Eligible Qualifying Facilities").





n120.  Supra note 24.





n121.  Herman K. Trabish, Duke Buying $ 500M of North Carolina Solar to Mixed
Reviews (Sept. 18, 2014),
http://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/Duke-Buying-500M-of-North-Carolina-S
olar-to-Mixed-Reviews. Duke Energy asked the NCUC to decrease the maximum size
of a QF from 5 megawatts to 100 kilowatts, although the current maximum is
already significantly below the PURPA maximum of 80 megawatts. 16 U.S.C § 796
(17)(A)(ii). This request was rejected in 2015, but Duke Energy will likely
continue to push for modifications. See N.C. Utilities Comm'n, Petition for
Approval of Revisions to Generator Interconnection Standards, Docket No. E-100,
SUB-101, at 4 (May 15, 2015), https://www.progress-energy.com/
assets/www/docs/company/NC-Interconnection-Standard.pdf.





n122.  Eligible projects must have already filed an application for the delayed
sunset. N.C. Dep't of Revenue, NC-478EX: Application for Delayed Sunset of the
Tax Credit for Renewable Energy Property (2015),
http://www.dor.state.nc.us/downloads/nc478ex.pdf.





n123.  N.C.G.S. § 105-277.





n124.  Property Classified and Excluded from the Tax Base, N.C.G.S. §
105-275(45).





n125.  Memorandum to Cnty Assessors from David B. Baker, Director, Local
Government Division, N.C. Dep't of Revenue (Feb. 15, 2011),
http://www.dornc.com/taxes/property /memos/solar_energy.pdf (clarifying that
residential PV systems not used to generate income are entirely exempt from
property taxes).





n126.  § 105-275(45). This encompasses any sales back to Duke Energy, and
therefore applies to most residential installations.





n127.  The taxes on an installed solar array, for example, will only be about 1%
of the total cost of installing the project. See Justin Barnes et al., N.C.
Solar Ctr., Meister Consultants Grp., Inc., Property Taxes and Solar PV Systems:
Policies, Practices, and Issues 27, tbl. 3 (Jul. 2013), available at
https://nccleantech.ncsu.edu/wp-content
/uploads/Property-Taxes-and-Solar-PV-Systems-2013.pdf (property taxes in 2013
ranged from 0.49-1.54% of the cost of installing a PV system).





n128.  See, e.g., § 160A-459.1; 26 USC§§54A, 54C (however, the Clean Renewable
Energy Bonds have repeatedly been limited and delayed by sequestration).





n129.  See N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State Univ., Database of
State Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency: North Carolina, DSIRE (Dec. 21,
2015), http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program?state=NC (last visited Dec.
21, 2015) (apply the filter "ProgramType: Loan Program"). Subsidies given by
electric coops or public utilities are also nontaxable income. 26 U.S.C. § 136.
A full list of North Carolina's loan programs is available in Appendix C.





n130.  Program to Finance Energy Improvements, N.C.G.S. § 160A-459.1 (2010).





n131.  For example, Carrboro has established a loan program for small businesses
and nonprofits with fewer than 50 employees.
http://townofcarrboro.org/166/1563/WISE-Energy-Efficiency-Loan-Fund.





n132.  Duke Center on Globalization, Governance & Competitiveness, North
Carolina in the Global Economy (2015),
http://www.ncglobaleconomy.com/information/public.shtml; interview with Morris
and Grimes.





n133.  Adam Lovelady, Univ. of N.C. School of Gov't, Planning and Zoning for
Solar in North Carolina 14-16 (2014), available at
http://sogpubs.unc.edu/electronic versions/pdfs/pandzsolar2014.pdf.





n134.  See, e.g., Brunswick County, North Carolina, Unified Development
Ordinance, Art. 12, p. 18 (2013), available at
http://www.focussenc.org/wp-content/uploads/
2013/06/BrunswickOrdinance.Unified-Development.06.13.pdf (distinguishing between
solar collectors, for accessory use, and solar farms, for principal use).





n135.  Lovelady at 19.





n136.  For example, "for accessory solar systems, the Town of Navassa requires
site plans and elevation drawings to depict the building, the solar equipment,
and the property lines. Such plans are administratively approved if they meet
the applicable development standards." Lovelady at 20; see also Town of Navassa,
Zoning Division (2009), http://www.townof navassa.org/zoning.html (last visited
Dec. 23, 2015) (information taken from downloaded pdfs of zoning ordinances).





n137.  Every community has its particular concerns, and solar companies should
work to incorporate them to prevent restrictive ordinances. For example, a model
ordinance propagated by the Oregon Department of Energy suggests its residents
and officials are primarily concerned with protecting wildlife. See Oregon Dep't
of Energy, A Model Ordinance for Energy Projects 34-35 (Jul. 2005), available at
http://www.oregon.gov/ENERGY/SITING/docs/ModelEnergyOrdinance.pdf.





n138.  N.C. Solar Center, N.C. Sustainable Energy Assoc., Template Solar Energy
Development Ordinance for North Carolina (Dec. 18, 2013), available at
https://nccleantech.ncsu .edu/wp-content/uploads/
Template-Solar-Ordinance_V1.0_12-18-13.pdf. [hereinafter N.C. Solar Center
Template] The American Planning Association created several other model zoning
ordinances, permitting guides, and other local policies that encourage
acceptance of solar energy facilities and installations. Am. Planning Assoc.,
PAS Essential Info Packets: Planning and Zoning for Solar Energy: Updated
Edition (PAS EIP-30) (2015), https://www.planning .org/pas/infopackets/eip30.htm
(using existing ordinances or state-level templates, including the template
ordinance by NC SEA, as models for other states).





n139.  N.C. Solar Center Template, supra note 137, at 1.





n140.  See generally N.C. Solar Center Template, supra note, 137.





n141.  However, note that homeowner's associations cannot create agreements
prohibiting solar panel installation. Deed Restrictions and Other Agreements
Prohibiting Solar Collectors, N.C.G.S. § 22B-20.





n142.  See The Benefits of Going Solar: A Resource for North Carolina Homeowners
Associations, N.C. Solar Now (Feb. 2015),
http://ncsolarnow.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02
/benefits-of-solar-in-homeowner-assoc.pdf (addressing potential monetary,
environmental, and tax concerns).





n143.  See, e.g., The Solar Foundation, Model Solar Guidelines: A Resource for
North Carolina Homeowners' Associations to Facilitate Solar Projects (Mar.
2015),
http://www.thesolarfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Model-HOA-Solar-Gui
delines_FINAL.pdf.





n144.  This strategy is encouraged by Mr. Morris and Mr. Grimes, who stressed
that residential solar companies should target niche markets and new, affluent
neighborhoods. Interview with Morris and Grimes, supra note 42. Yes! Solar
Solutions has successfully implemented this strategy by taking part in several
Solarize programs and partnering with local nonprofits. Interview with Miller;
Yes! Solar Solutions, Solarize NC (2015) http://www
.yessolarsolutionsnc.com/solarize/ (last visited Dec. 23, 2015).





n145.  White House, Office of the Press Sec'y, Remarks by the President at
National Clean Energy Summit (Aug. 25, 2015, 5:12 PM),
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2015/
08/25/remarks-president-national-clean-energy-summit.





n146.  Id.





n147.  For a discussion of Strata Policy's leaders, see infra note 152 For a
discussion of leaders of Americans for Prosperity, supra note 38.





n148.  Blocking the Sun, supra note 40, at 18.





n149.  For instance, in Strata Policy's report encouraging North Carolina to
remove its REPS, the authors note that the Republican House Majority Whip, Mike
Hager, had support from the ALEC when he proposed a bill to remove the REPS in
2013. Randy T. Simmons, et al., Renewable Portfolio Standards: North Carolina 5
(Feb. 2015), http://www.strata.org/
wp-content/uploads/2015/03/FINAL-RPS-North-Carolina.pdf (citing Bill to repeal
North Carolina's RPS passes House committee, Voters Legislative Transparency
Project (2013),
http://vltp.net/bill-to-repeal-north-carolinas-rps-passes-house-committee/).
Similar to Strata Policy). ALEC has a page dedicated to refuting claims that it
denies climate change and opposes renewable energy regulation.Position Statement
on Renewables and Climate Change, Am. Legislative Exchange Council (2015),
http://www.alec.org/position-statement-renewables-climate-change/.





n150.  See REPS: North Carolina's Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard,
Conservatives for Clean Energy (May 15, 2015),
http://www.cleanenergyconservatives.com/reps-2015/ (arguing for continued
implementation of the REPS because of the state utility's monopoly power)





n151.  See, e.g., Randy T. Simmons et al., Strata Policy, Renewable Portfolio
Standards: North Carolina 15 (Feb. 2015), available at
http://www.strata.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/ FINAL-RPS-North-Carolina.pdf;
see also Blocking the Sun, supra note 39, at 18.





n152.  Strata Policy is unrelated to the local company, Strata Solar. In the
section "Common Questions about Renewable Portfolio Standards (RPS)," Strata
openly states that they have been criticized by environmental groups as a
politically biased, paid-for research team. Renewable Portfolio Standards,
Strata Policy (2014), http://www.strata.org/rps/. Also, their three executive
founders have politically conservative backgrounds; the president and director
of research, Randy Simmons, is a member of the Governors Privatization
Commission Board of Directors, and has written extensively opposing the
Endangered Species Act, water conservation laws, and other environmental
protection regulations.Executive Founders, Strata Policy (2014),
http://www.strata.org/corporate-team/; Randy T. Simmons, Charles G. Koch
Professor of Political Economy, Curriculum Vitae,
http://randytsimmons.org/?page_id=9. Similarly, Americans for Prosperity is a
national conservative political advocacy group active in North Carolina. State
Budget Sunsets "Renewable Energy Tax Credit', Americans for Prosperity (Sept.
15, 2015), http://site.americansforprosperity.org/nc-jobs-agenda/2015/09
/15/state-budget-sunsets-renewable-energy-tax-credit/. Its executive staff and
board of directors have backgrounds working for conservative politicians in
Washington, D.C. Four of the five board members also have connections to Koch
Industries and other fossil fuel interests. One board member, Mark Holden, is
senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary of Koch
Industries, Inc. Mark Holden, Americans for Prosperity (2015),
https://americansforprosperity.org/mark-holden/.





n153.  The three reports on Strata Policy's website are almost identical. See
Randy T. Simmons, et al., Strata Policy, Renewable Portfolio Standards: Michigan
19 (Sept. 2015), available at http://www.strata.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/
Final-Report.pdf ("The results from these analyses paint a clear picture about
the effects of RPS."); Randy T. Simmons, et al., Strata Policy, Renewable
Portfolio Standards: North Carolina 15 (Feb. 2015), available at
http://www.strata.org/wp-content/uploads/ 2015/03/FINAL-RPS-North-Carolina.pdf
("The evidence from these studies paints a clear picture about the effects of
RPS."); Randy T. Simmons, et al., Strata Policy, Renewable Portfolio Standards:
Kansas 14 (Mar. 2015), available at http://www.strata.org/wp-content/uploads/
2015/03/Final-Report.pdf ("The evidence from these three studies paints a clear
picture about the effects of RPS.").





n154.  Academic Programs, Strata Policy (2014),
http://www.strata.org/academicprog rams/. Similarly, the Liberty Fund and the
Charles Koch Institute host a conference for professors to discuss "topics and
issues related to liberty and freedom." Id.





n155.  Edison Electric Institute, Board of Directors and Executives Meeting 61,
68 (Sept. 12-14, 2012),
https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/1374670-2012-eei-board-and-chief-executi
ves-meeting.html#document/p48/a191712 (suggesting preventing construction of new
power plants to limit competition) (notes added by Washington Post author Joby
Warrick regarding Board of Directors Strategic Discussion).





n156.  Supra note 153.





n157.  For example, Yes! Solar Solutions actively lobbies at the state and
federal level, making use of national partners for lobbying power and business
opportunities. Interview with Miller supra note 42.





n158.  Interview with Miller supra note 42.





n159.  See About Us, N.C. Sustainable Energy Assoc.,
http://www.energync.org/?page= AboutUs (last visited Dec. 27, 2015).





n160.  See Alliance Membership, N.C. Clean Energy Business Alliance (2014),
http://www.ncceba.org/index.php/members.





n161.  See Mission & Funding, https://nccleantech.ncsu.edu/about-ncsc/mission/,
N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State Univ. (last visited Dec. 27,
2015).





n162.  See Become a Generator, N.C. GreenPower (2015),
https://www.ncgreenpower.org/ become-a-generator/.





n163.  Walsh, supra note 61 at 1967; see also, e.g., interview with Longest,
supra note 43; interview with Miller supra note 42; interview with Morris and
Grimes, supra note 42. The restriction in North Carolina, like in many states,
was originally designed to ensure that any public utility or organization acting
as a public utility could be regulated by the state's Utilities Commission. The
statute has been interpreted to apply to renewable energy producers, but it does
not explicitly do so. Katharine Kollins, Bethany Speer & Karlynn Cory, Duke
Univ. & Nat'l Renewable Energy Laboratory, Solar PV Project Financing:
Regulatory and Legislative Challenges for Third-Party PPA System Owners (Feb.
2010), http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy10osti/46723.pdf; North Carolina Public
Utilities Act, N.C.G.S.§§62-1-62-3 (2013).





n164.  N.C.G.S. § 62-2.





n165.  In Your Area, Duke Energy,
https://www.duke-energy.com/about-us/in-your-area.asp (last visited May 27,
2016).





n166.  N.C.G.S. § 62-3(23)(a)(1).





n167.  See, e.g., Katharine Kollins, Bethany Speer & Karlynn Cory, Duke Univ. &
Nat'l Renewable Energy Laboratory, Solar PV Project Financing: Regulatory and
Legislative Challenges for Third-Party PPA System Owners 8-9 (Feb. 2010),
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy10osti/46723.pdf.





n168.  N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center & U.S. Dep't of Energy, 3rd Party
Solar PV Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) (Jul. 2015),
http://ncsolarcen-prod.s3.amazonaws .com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/
3rd-Party-PPA_072015.pdf [hereinafter Third-Party PPA].





n169.  Third-Party Solar Financing, Solar Energy Industries Ass'n
http://www.seia.org/ policy/finance-tax/third-party-financing (last visited Dec.
25, 2015). Note that this assumes net metering will also be allowed for
third-party solar energy sales. See Third-Party PPA, supra note 168 at 15-16
(noting the importance of allowing net metering for third party generators).





n170.  Duke Energy asked NCUC to fine NC WARN $ 120,000 for installing the solar
array ($ 1,000 for each day of infraction). Comments of Duke Energy Carolinas,
LLC and Duke Energy Progress, LLC in Opposition to NC WARN's Request for
Declaratory Ruling, No. SP-100, SUB 31, at 12 (Oct. 30, 2015),
http://starw1.ncuc.net/NCUC/ViewFile.aspx?Id=6294577d-4e25-4f7e-aa24-1fc6e31e8eb
1





n171.  Request by NC WARN for a Determination That Its Proposed Activities Would
Not Cause It to be Regarded as a Public Utility Pursuant to G.S. 62-3(23), No.
SP-100, SUB 31 (Jun. 17, 2015),
http://starw1.ncuc.net/NCUC/ViewFile.aspx?Id=c15976c6-93ec-485a-87d9-e926fa7c0
2c4.





n172.  Id.





n173.  N.C. Utilities Comm'n, No. SP-100, SUB 31, Petition by North Carolina
Waste Awareness and Reduction Network for a Declaratory Ruling Regarding Solar
Facility Financing Arrangements and Status as a Public Utility, Order Requesting
Comments (Sept. 30, 2015),
http://starw1.ncuc.net/NCUC/ViewFile.aspx?Id=11074f42-c80d-45d7-8de8-14732099686
3 (asking for initial comments by Oct. 30, 2015 and reply comments by Nov. 30,
2015). Duke Law professor Ryke Longest is part of the litigation team in this
case, and predicts that the Utilities Commission will not allow the sale from NC
WARN, and the case will have to be appealed. Interview with Longest, supra note
43. It is not in the NCUC's best interest to allow renewable energy producers
exemption from the public utility restriction, because "it basically puts [the
NCUC] out of a job." Id.





n174.  Interview with Longest, supra note 43.





n175.  The Energy Freedom Act, HB 245 (2015),
http://www.ncleg.net/Sessions/2015/Bills/House/PDF/H245v0.pdf.





n176.  Id.





n177.  Id. (amending § 62-3(23)(a)(1)). The original definition includes "any
person producing, generating or furnishing any of the foregoing services to
another person for distribution to or for the public for compensation." N.C.G.S.
§ 62-3(23)(b). The "foregoing services" refers to a list of several types of
energy production, including electricity generation other than for personal use.
§ 62-3(23)(a)(1). The bill also creates a new section 62-119 to identify
requirements for third party-sellers. The Energy Freedom Act, supra note 174.





n178.  Game-Changing Energy Freedom Bill, N.C. Warn (2015),
http://www.ncwarn.org /energy-freedom/.





n179.  Kollins, Speer & Cory, supra note 167 at 17-18.





n180.  See, e.g., interview with Longest supra note 43.





n181.  Michael Mendelsohn and Claire Kreycik, Nat'l Renewable Energy Lab.,
Federal and State Structures to Support Financing Utility-Scale Solar Projects
and the Business Models Designed to Utilize Them 28 (Apr. 2012),
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy12osti/48685.pdf.





n182.  See N.C.G.S. § 62-3(23)(b); see also interview with Longest supra note
43.





n183.  Interview with Longest.





n184.  Interview with Longest;interview with Morris and Grimes.





n185.  Jeff Hampton, Currituck County Solar Farm to be Built by End of 2015,
PilotOnline.com (Jun. 17, 2014),
http://www.pilotonline.com/news/local/environment/currituc
k-county-solar-farm-to-be-built-by-end-of/article_58c95ada-066c-5b18-88a8-
66ba5e1e2a94.html. Most solar farms are just under 5 megawatts, and construction
costs about $ 1 million per megawatt. See id.





n186.  Mendelsohn & Kreycik, supra note 171 at 22, 23 (introducing project
finance structures and differentiating between four common types).





n187.  Travis Lowder, Nat'l Renewable Energy Laboratory, U.S. Dep't of Energy,
How Could Securitization Debt Fit with Tax Equity in the Solar Financial
Landscape? Pt. I, 27 (Oct. 4, 2013, 10:42 AM),
https://financere.nrel.gov/finance/content/how-could-securitization-debt-fit-tax
-equity-solar-financial-landscape-pt-I. Besides Partnership Flip, there are also
Single Owner Finance, various lease structures, and Utility Prepay. Single Owner
Finance is, as its name implies, financed by one owner - either the developer or
the utility company. mendelsohn & Kreycik, supra note 171 at 24. Utilities are
best positioned to use this model, since they have strong financial positions,
but they rarely employ it. Developers more often make use of Single Owner
Finance, but only once they are able to recapitalize by selling equity in
existing projects. Id. at 26. This is therefore more useful for existing solar
developers, rather than new market entrants.





n188.  Groobey et al., Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosatti, Project Finance Primer
for Renewable Energy and Clean Tech Projects 15 (Aug. 2010),
https://www.wsgr.com /PDFSearch/ctp_guide.pdf. Developers usually do not qualify
for the nonrefundable ITC because their tax liability (often called a tax
appetite) is too low. mendelsohn & Kreycik, supra note 171 at 22.





n189.  Lowder, supra note 107 at 27-28; Groobey, supra note 108 at 16. This is
called the flip point. However, the investor may not dispose of the property
until five years after the property was placed in service. Internal Revenue
Serv., Dep't Of The Treasury, Instructions For Form 3468, 1 (Feb. 11, 2015),
https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i3468.pdf.





n190.  This is true because "such investments, and the financial structures that
build upon them, are designed to maximize the value of federal, state, local,
and utility-based incentives; allocate risk and reward among different funding
sources; and allow project participants to focus on core competencies."
mendelsohn & Kreycik, supra note 171 at 22. Still, the extension of the federal
ITC will likely help retain some in-state investment: investors were receiving a
65% tax credit (30% federal and 35% state), and now are only receiving a 30%
credit, but this is still preferable to 0%.





n191.  Phone interview with Williams, supra note 10. Ms. Williams also
previously worked for Self-Help Credit Union, which finances renewable energy
companies in North Carolina. Self-Help Credit Union, Our Environmental Work
(Aug. 2015), https://www.self-help.org/ what-we-do/we-lend/for-the-environment.





n192.  Off. of the Comptroller of the Currency, Public Welfare Investments in
Solar Energy Facilities Using Renewable Energy Investment Tax Credit 2 (Jan.
2014), http://www.occ.gov /topics/community-affairs/publications/
fact-sheets/fact-sheet-solar-energy-invest-tax-credits-gra nts.pdf; phone
interview with Williams, supra note 10.





n193.  Phone interview with Williams, supra note 10. Companies can securitize
new loans by offering fully owned solar farms as collateral. Using the common
Partnership Flip model, these will only be available to companies already in
operation for more than five years. Internal Revenue Serv., Dep't Of The
Treasury, Instructions For Form 3468, 1 (Feb. 11, 2015),
https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i3468.pdf.





n194.  Phone interview with Williams, supra note 10 (explaining that national
investors can choose from a multitude of projects in many states, and political
atmosphere plays a role in assessing investment risk).





n195.  Interview with Miller (noting that her company does not take out loans
for expansion, preferring to expand incrementally by using existing profits, but
it does help consumers find loan financing for solar installations).





n196.  Dividend Solar, Home Solar: FAQs (Aug. 1, 2015),
https://www.dividendsolar.com /faqs#empowerloan.





n197.  Id.; Steve Hanley, Sustainable Enterprises Media, $ 0 Down Solar
Financing for North Carolina Homeowners, CleanTechnica (Mar. 23, 2015),
http://cleantechnica.com/2015/03/23/0
-down-solar-financing-for-north-carolina-homeowners/.





n198.  See, e.g., Admirals Bank, Admirals Bank's Solar Loans (2011),
https://www.admirals bank.com/renewable-energy-lending/
loan-programs/solar-step-down.





n199.  See id.





n200.  Interview with Miller.





n201.  Off. of the Comptroller of the Currency, Public Welfare Investments in
Solar Energy Facilities Using Renewable Energy Investment Tax Credit 2 (Jan.
2014), http://www.occ.gov/to pics/community-affairs/publications/
fact-sheets/fact-sheet-solar-energy-invest-tax-credits-grants .pdf.





n202.  Linda Irvine, Alexandra Sawyer & Jennifer Grove, Northwest Sustainable
Energy for Econ. Development, The Solarize Guidebook: A Community Guide to
Collective Purchasing of Solar PV Systems 5 (May 2012),
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy12osti/54738.pdf (noting that Solarize programs
reduce costs through negotiated discounts, ease navigation through complex
decisions by distributing the effort among a group of purchasers, and increase
inertia because discounts were only offered for a short time).





n203.  Irvine, Sawyer & Grove, supra note 190 at 6-7.





n204.  Id.





n205.  Id.





n206.  Id.





n207.  See, e.g., Yes! Solar Solutions, Solarize NC (2015),
http://www.yessolarsolutions nc.com/solarize/ (engaging in several Solarize
programs to create a recurring source of income); see also phone interview with
Miller.





n208.  Solarize N.C., What is Solarize Duke?,
http://www.solarizenc.org/howitworks?duke (last visited Dec. 27, 2015). Note
that this program is no longer in effect. Interview with Adair. Solarize
programs are generally one-time occurrences designed to obtain an exclusive
discount not otherwise available. Id.





n209.  Id.





n210.  Duke Carbon Offsets Initiative, Duke Univ., Duke Employee Solar Discount
Pilot Program, http://sustainability.duke.edu/carbon_offsets/solar/ (last
visited Dec. 25, 2015). The Solarize program was combined with online
educational resources available to Duke employees. Interview with Adair.





n211.  Interview with Adair (noting the Carbon Offsets program was uncertain
whether another Solarize program was feasible without the state ITC).





n212.  Id. (noting that lack of resources and information represented a major
obstacle to purchasing solar panels, and will still help encourage residential
sales); Duke Carbon Offsets Initiative, Duke Univ., Residential Solar Resources,
http://sustainability.duke.edu/carbon_off
sets/solar/Residential%20Solar%20Resources.html (last visited Dec. 25, 2015).





n213.  Interview with Adair.





n214.  Yes! Solar Solutions, Solarize NC (2015),
http://www.yessolarsolutionsnc.com/solarize/; phone interview with Miller.





n215.  John Duda, Energy, Democracy, Community, PopularResistance.org (Aug. 5,
2015), https://www.popularresistance.org/energy-democracy-community/.





n216.  Id. This is very similar to Solarize programs, but it is not externally
structured or organized - the community members form a cooperative organization,
making collective decisions about financing methods and developer options.





n217.  Interfaith Power & Light, Mission & History (2015),
http://www.interfaithpowerand light.org/about/mission-history/.





n218.  N.C. Interfaith Power & Light, Mission & History (2015),
http://www.ncipl.org/mission-history/.





n219.  N.C. Interfaith Power & Light, United Church of Chapel Hill Solar Project
(Nov. 18, 2015), http://www.ncipl.org/solar-ucch/.





n220.  Id.





n221.  Marjorie Kelly & Shanna Ratner, Keeping Wealth Local: Shared Ownership
and Wealth Control for Rural Communities, 36,, Ford Foundation, (2009),
http://community-wealth .org/sites/clone.community-wealth.org/
files/downloads/report-kelly-ratner09.pdf.





n222.  See Town Board of Woodland, Solar Farm Projects Located Near Woodland 2
(Dec. 14, 2015), http://townofwoodlandnc.com/index_htm_files/Solar
%20Farm%20Projects%20Located %20Near%20Woodland.pdf.





n223.  Id. at 1.





n224.  CBAs also encourage use of brownfields (abandoned fields with unknown
environmental status). Julian Gross, Community Benefits Agreements: Making
Development Projects Accountable (2005),
http://www.goodjobsfirst.org/sites/default/files/docs/pdf/cba2005 final.pdf. On
the whole, CBAs ensure a particular community, not just the region, benefits
from an investment or development. Meg Calkins, The Sustainable Sites Handbook:
A Complete Guide to the Principles, Strategies, and Best Practices for
Sustainable Landscapes 443 (1st ed. 2012).





n225.  Solar Holler, Solar Powered Church (2014),
http://www.solarholler.com/shepherds town-presbyterian-church.





n226.  Id. Initial capital was also financed by an individual, Than Hitt, as
well as Jefferson Security Bank. Id.





n227.  Id. Like North Carolina, West Virginia does not have an SREC market. The
state can still sell SRECs to Pennsylvania and Ohio utilities, because they
accept out-of-state credits. SRECTrade, West Virginia (2015),
http://www.srectrade.com/srec_markets/west_virginia.





n228.  Soulardarity Streetlight Campaign: Bold Beginnings (2015),
https://www.indiegogo.com
/projects/soulardarity-streetlight-campaign-bold-beginnings#/





n229.  Id.





n230.  Interview with Morris and Grimes (noting that if Cooperative Solar had
not been successful, they would have considered entering the O&M industry).





n231.  Environment North Carolina, Lighting the Way 33, Appx. A (Sept. 2015),
available at
http://environmentnorthcarolina.org/sites/environment/files/reports/
NC_Lightingtheway_scrn_2.pdf





n232.  See Solar Energy Industries Assoc., Major Solar Projects in the United
States: Operating, Under Construction, or Under Development (Sept. 29, 2015),
http://www.seia.org/ sites/default/files/resources/PUBLIC%20MPL%209-29-2015.pdf
(the list includes 578 utility-scale facilities, but it only counts those that
are 1 megawatt and larger).





n233.  Miller Brothers Solar, Solar Farm Operations and Maintenance Issues (Apr.
28, 2015),
http://millerbrossolar.com/solar-farm-operations-and-maintenance-issues/ (Miller
Brothers is an O&M provider in Pennsylvania).





n234.  There are plenty of tasks to keep an O&M company busy for decades on a
single solar farm project. Maureen McHale, Not All O&M Agreements Are Alike
(2011), http://www.inter pv.net/wsr/wsr_view.asp?idx=822&part_code=03&page=1.
O&M is often performed by national companies rather than local ones. See, e.g.,
ESA Renewables, LLC, New Bern, NC 1.26 MW (2015),
http://esarenewables.com/portfolio/craven-county-nc-1-3mw/.





n235.  See, e.g., Jeff Adelson, Giving Away Louisiana: Solar Tax Credit
http://blogs.thead
vocate.com/specialreports/2014/12/06/giving-away-louisiana-solar-energy-tax-cred
it/ (last visited Nov. 23, 2015) (Louisiana cut its generous tax credit from the
state budget after costs increased beyond what was expected); C. Joseph
Lennihan, What is the Value of Estimating the Cost of Tax Incentives? J.
Multistate Tax & Incentives 20, 23 (Aug. 2015).





n236.  Josh Birch, WNCT News, No Solar Farm Credits in New State Budget Hurt
Businesses, Towns (Oct. 12, 2015),
http://wnct.com/2015/10/12/no-solar-farm-tax-credits-in-new-state-bud
get-hurt-business-towns/ (quoting Brian O'Hara of Strata Solar).





n237.  See RTI Int'l, Economic Impact Analysis of Clean Energy Development in
North Carolina - 2014 Update 2-12 (Apr. 2014),
https://www.rti.org/pubs/ncsea_2013_up date_final.pdf.





n238.  Id. at 2-4-2-5 (noting that five rural counties saw over $ 100,000 in
renewable energy investment from 2007 to 2013 and "jobs were often created in
rural counties that had been hard hit by contraction in the construction
industry").





n239.  Similarly, the EPA's inconsistent biodiesel policy affects biofuel
companies' funding, cost structure, and level of public support. See phone
interview with Burton (mentioning that this especially affects biodiesel
companies, since they are new, not well understood, and generally small).





n240.  This, like the Note as a whole, assumes a positive opinion of solar
power, although that is not uniformly the case. See Christina Nunez, Nat'l
Geographic, How Green Are Those Solar Panels, Really? (Nov. 11, 2014),
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/energy/2014/11/1411
11-solar-panel-manufacturing-sustainability-ranking/.





n241.  For example, Bill Gates is identifying long-term investors willing to
risk a lower short-term return to stimulate the country's renewable energy
industry. Breakthrough Energy Coalition, Introducing the Breakthrough Energy
Coalition, http://www.breakthroughenergycoal ition.com/en/index.html (last
visited Dec. 27, 2015) (discussing the difference in risk-reward balance between
renewable energy projects and other venture capital investments).





n242.  N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State Univ., Programs: Federal
(2015), http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program (after applying the filters
State/Territory: Federal and Program Type: Grant Program. Only those grants that
apply to solar energy projects were included in this table).





n243.  N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State Univ., Programs: Federal
(2015), http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program (after applying the filters
State/Territory: Federal and Program Type: Loan Program. Only those grants that
apply to solar energy projects were included in this table).





n244.  N.C. Clean Energy Technology Center, N.C. State Univ., Programs: North
Carolina (2015), http://programs.dsireusa.org/system/program (after applying the
filters State/Territory: North Carolina and Program Type: Loan Program, only
those grants that apply to solar energy projects were included in this table).
