
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Peterson, Nolan Announce Funds for Initiative Foundation

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Collin C.Peterson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Representatives Collin Peterson and Rick Nolan today announced that Central
Minnesota's Initiative Foundation has been awarded a $250,000 grant from USDA
Rural Development's Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.

"The work done by the Initiative Foundation is so important to keeping Central
Minnesota's economy on the right path. Through this grant, the Foundation will
be able to broaden their assistance to our region's low-income rural communities
and help them take on important economic development projects," Peterson said.

"This grant and worthy projects it funds will contribute to more jobs, more
business activity and ultimately a better quality of life for so many people
across our region," Nolan added.

"This grant funding will enable us to serve up to nine additional communities
through our Thriving Communities Initiatives (TCI) program while continuing to
provide intensive technical assistance to the communities we are already
serving," said Kathy Gaalswyk, Initiative Foundation president. "We are so
grateful to the USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative. They are a key
partner when it comes to building the capacity and opportunities for
income-eligible rural communities in Central Minnesota."

The Initiative Foundation, based in Little Falls, is a regional community
foundation serving the 14 counties of Central Minnesota. Through grants, loans,
leadership development and philanthropic services the Foundation helps local
leaders from rural communities carry out action plans that strengthen home
towns.

Through past partnerships with the USDA's RCDI, the Initiative Foundation has
increased the capacity of more than 900 local leaders representing 40 low-income
rural communities and one federally recognized tribe. These rural leaders have
since undertaken an array of housing, facilities, renewable energy, community
and economic development projects and have leveraged more than $10 million in
additional funding.

RCDI grants support rural housing, community facilities and economic development
projects. Funds may be used to develop child care facilities; provide education,
technical assistance and training; conduct strategic planning, and conduct other
projects that help local communities develop their capacity. Eligible grant
recipients are non-profit housing and community development organizations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Peterson, Nolan Announce Funds for Initiative Foundation

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Collin C.Peterson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Representatives Collin Peterson and Rick Nolan today announced that Central
Minnesota's Initiative Foundation has been awarded a $250,000 grant from USDA
Rural Development's Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.

"The work done by the Initiative Foundation is so important to keeping Central
Minnesota's economy on the right path. Through this grant, the Foundation will
be able to broaden their assistance to our region's low-income rural communities
and help them take on important economic development projects," Peterson said.

"This grant and worthy projects it funds will contribute to more jobs, more
business activity and ultimately a better quality of life for so many people
across our region," Nolan added.

"This grant funding will enable us to serve up to nine additional communities
through our Thriving Communities Initiatives (TCI) program while continuing to
provide intensive technical assistance to the communities we are already
serving," said Kathy Gaalswyk, Initiative Foundation president. "We are so
grateful to the USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative. They are a key
partner when it comes to building the capacity and opportunities for
income-eligible rural communities in Central Minnesota."

The Initiative Foundation, based in Little Falls, is a regional community
foundation serving the 14 counties of Central Minnesota. Through grants, loans,
leadership development and philanthropic services the Foundation helps local
leaders from rural communities carry out action plans that strengthen home
towns.

Through past partnerships with the USDA's RCDI, the Initiative Foundation has
increased the capacity of more than 900 local leaders representing 40 low-income
rural communities and one federally recognized tribe. These rural leaders have
since undertaken an array of housing, facilities, renewable energy, community
and economic development projects and have leveraged more than $10 million in
additional funding.

RCDI grants support rural housing, community facilities and economic development
projects. Funds may be used to develop child care facilities; provide education,
technical assistance and training; conduct strategic planning, and conduct other
projects that help local communities develop their capacity. Eligible grant
recipients are non-profit housing and community development organizations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: USDA Awards Grants to Help Rural Communities Create Jobs and Strengthen
Economic Development Capacity

LENGTH: 854  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

KINGSPORT, Tenn., April 15, 2015 - Agriculture Under Secretary Lisa Mensah today
announced the selection of 31 community-based organizations in 17 states and the
District of Columbia for grants to help small rural communities create jobs and
boost economic development. The grants are being made available through USDA
Rural Development's Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.

"These grants bring increased economic opportunities to rural residents and
communities by strengthening the capacity of the regional organizations that
serve them," Mensah said during a visit today to Kingsport, Tenn. "They help
organizations that are experienced in economic development create more job
opportunities for rural residents. RCDI grants are an important part of USDA's
ongoing efforts to address rural poverty. They help boost growth in our most
economically vulnerable rural communities, including towns in Appalachia and
Native American reservations."

Mensah is in Kingsport today to participate on a panel at the Appalachia Funders
Network conference. Several organizations represented at the conference are
among those selected for RCDI grants. Today's announcement demonstrates the
importance of philanthropy and public-private partnerships. Three of the
organizations selected for grants received their matching funds from foundations
and/or charitable donors.

Here in Tennessee, the Appalachian Community Federal Credit Union, based in
Gray, has been selected for a $125,000 grant to help low-income rural residents
build their financial literacy, learn to prepare income tax returns, and improve
their capacity to plan and conduct economic development activities. In addition
to attending the Appalachia Funders Network conference, Mensah also toured Rural
Development investments in Tennessee.

Rural Community Development Initiative grants support rural housing, community
facilities and economic development projects. Funds may be used to develop child
care facilities; provide education, technical assistance and training; conduct
strategic planning, and conduct other projects that help local communities
develop their capacity. Eligible grant recipients are non-profit housing and
community development organizations.

The Foundation for Appalachian Kentucky has been selected for a $250,000 grant
to provide technical assistance and training for community and economic
development programs in 43 impoverished counties in southeastern Kentucky.
Kentucky's Mountain Association for Community Economic Development (MACED) is
receiving a $250,000 technical assistance grant to help develop food systems for
farmers, food banks and other groups in rural, low-income communities in central
Appalachia. MACED is receiving matching funds from the Mary Reynolds Babcock
Foundation and other organizations.

These RCDI grants are part of USDA's efforts to strengthen rural economies. They
also support the Obama Administration's POWER+ initiative. POWER+, which stands
for Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization, is a
coordinated effort among multiple federal agencies, including USDA, to invest in
coal communities, workers and technology. POWER+'s goal is to target federal
economic and workforce development programs and resources to help communities
negatively impacted by changes in the coal industry and power sector.

In Colorado, the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe is receiving a $250,000 grant to provide
economic development and training to Tribal members living on the reservation.
Walking Shield, Inc., in Lake Forest, Calif., is receiving $250,000 to help four
Native American recipients with community development, healthcare,
infrastructure and education programs. In Missouri, the Kaysinger Basin Regional
Planning Commission is receiving a $155,000 grant to support economic
development in seven rural, low-income communities.

USDA is awarding $6.3 million in grants for 31 projects in today's announcement.
Funding is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their grant
agreements. View the list of recipients.

Seven states, including Tennessee, receiving support through this announcement
are part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative,
which coordinates USDA assistance in the Nation's most economically challenged
rural areas. Through StrikeForce, USDA works with community partners to feed
kids, assist farmers, secure safe homes, conserve natural resources and create
jobs. USDA StrikeForce teams are working with more than 500 community partners
to address rural poverty in more than 800 counties in 21 states and Puerto Rico.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

WASHINGTON:USDA Awards Grants to Help Rural Communities Create Jobs and
Strengthen Economic Development Capacity

LENGTH: 852  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

April 15, 2015 - Agriculture Under Secretary Lisa Mensah today announced the
selection of 31 community-based organizations in 17 states and the District of
Columbia for grants to help small rural communities create jobs and boost
economic development. The grants are being made available through USDA Rural
Development's Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.

"These grants bring increased economic opportunities to rural residents and
communities by strengthening the capacity of the regional organizations that
serve them," Mensah said during a visit today to Kingsport, Tenn. "They help
organizations that are experienced in economic development create more job
opportunities for rural residents. RCDI grants are an important part of USDA's
ongoing efforts to address rural poverty. They help boost growth in our most
economically vulnerable rural communities, including towns in Appalachia and
Native American reservations."

Mensah is in Kingsport today to participate on a panel at the Appalachia Funders
Network conference. Several organizations represented at the conference are
among those selected for RCDI grants. Today's announcement demonstrates the
importance of philanthropy and public-private partnerships. Three of the
organizations selected for grants received their matching funds from foundations
and/or charitable donors.

Here in Tennessee, the Appalachian Community Federal Credit Union, based in
Gray, has been selected for a $125,000 grant to help low-income rural residents
build their financial literacy, learn to prepare income tax returns, and improve
their capacity to plan and conduct economic development activities. In addition
to attending the Appalachia Funders Network conference, Mensah also toured Rural
Development investments in Tennessee.

Rural Community Development Initiative grants support rural housing, community
facilities and economic development projects. Funds may be used to develop child
care facilities; provide education, technical assistance and training; conduct
strategic planning, and conduct other projects that help local communities
develop their capacity. Eligible grant recipients are non-profit housing and
community development organizations.

The Foundation for Appalachian Kentucky has been selected for a $250,000 grant
to provide technical assistance and training for community and economic
development programs in 43 impoverished counties in southeastern Kentucky.
Kentucky's Mountain Association for Community Economic Development (MACED) is
receiving a $250,000 technical assistance grant to help develop food systems for
farmers, food banks and other groups in rural, low-income communities in central
Appalachia. MACED is receiving matching funds from the Mary Reynolds Babcock
Foundation and other organizations.

These RCDI grants are part of USDA's efforts to strengthen rural economies. They
also support the Obama Administration's POWER+ initiative. POWER+, which stands
for Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization, is a
coordinated effort among multiple federal agencies, including USDA, to invest in
coal communities, workers and technology. POWER+'s goal is to target federal
economic and workforce development programs and resources to help communities
negatively impacted by changes in the coal industry and power sector.

In Colorado, the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe is receiving a $250,000 grant to provide
economic development and training to Tribal members living on the reservation.
Walking Shield, Inc., in Lake Forest, Calif., is receiving $250,000 to help four
Native American recipients with community development, healthcare,
infrastructure and education programs. In Missouri, the Kaysinger Basin Regional
Planning Commission is receiving a $155,000 grant to support economic
development in seven rural, low-income communities.

USDA is awarding $6.3 million in grants for 31 projects in today's announcement.
Funding is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their grant
agreements. View the list of recipients.

Seven states, including Tennessee, receiving support through this announcement
are part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative,
which coordinates USDA assistance in the Nation's most economically challenged
rural areas. Through StrikeForce, USDA works with community partners to feed
kids, assist farmers, secure safe homes, conserve natural resources and create
jobs. USDA StrikeForce teams are working with more than 500 community partners
to address rural poverty in more than 800 counties in 21 states and Puerto Rico.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

Kuster Announces $250,000 Rural Community Development Initiative Grant to
Northern Forest Center

LENGTH: 353  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Ann Mclane Kuster, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Representative Annie Kuster (NH-02) today announced that the Northern Forest
Center has received a $250,000 Rural Community Development Initiative Grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).  The Center will use the funding to
provide technical assistance to the Northern Community Investment Corporation
(NCIC) in support of NCIC's economic development services across the North
Country.  The grant will assist the Northern Forest Center and NCIC in improving
the food system network in the North Country.

"The Northern Forest Center and the Northern Community Investment Corporation
are doing phenomenal work helping to support economic growth and job creation in
an area of the state that really needs it," said Congresswoman Kuster.  "This
grant will help these two organizations improve the food system network in the
region, which will boost local economies and increase access to natural,
delicious foods grown right here in New Hampshire.   I congratulate the North
Forest Center on this grant award and thank them for all of their work on behalf
of economic development and sustainability in the North Country and around our
state."

"Our agricultural, tourism, and forest product businesses are so important to
the economy in northern New Hampshire and northeastern Vermont," said Rob Riley,
President of the Northern Forest Center. "This grant from USDA will enable the
Northern Forest Center and NCIC to continue providing support and innovation
services to these working lands businesses.  We value USDA Rural Development as
a key partner in this work, and are grateful their support."

The Rural Community Development Initiative Grant program supports private,
nonprofit community-based housing and community development organizations, and
low income rural communities to improve housing, community facilities, community
and economic development projects in rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

USDA Awards $4.5 Million In Rural Community Development Grants; To Seek
Applications For Future Projects

LENGTH: 745  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issaued the following news release:



   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is awarding more than $4 million in grants to 23
organizations to support rural economic development projects. Secretary Vilsack
also announced that USDA soon will seek applications for the next round of
program funding. The awards and the request for applications are being provided
through the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program. RCDI helps
com unity-based development organizations, federally recognized Indian tribes
and other groups promote economic development in low-incom , rural com unities.





 "The latest Census data show that last year, rural America's population grew at
the fastest rate since 2010," Vilsack said. "USDA stands ready to help rural com
unities create jobs and continue to be a place where people want to raise their
families. We have seen time and again that our com unity investments are most
successful when we partner with folks already embedded in the local fabric.
These grants will help bring jobs to our rural small towns, with USDA providing
funding and technical assistance to help launch business and development
projects specifically tailored to the needs of each local and regional area."



 RCDI grants are not provided directly to businesses or individuals. Instead,
awards are provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are
locally-based and skilled in business development and job creation. Recipients
must obtain matching funds, which doubles the impact of the grants. USDA will
publish application information in an upcom ng Federal Register notice.



 Since 2009, USDA has awarded $39 million to support 206 rural economic
development projects financed through the RCDI program. The projects are
examples of USDA's support for locally-based development strategies.



 One of the organizations selected for funding in today's announcement is The
Initiative Foundation in Minnesota. It has been selected for a $172,372 grant to
provide training, technical assistance and financial support to 20 non-profit
organizations serving low-incom  rural com unities in central Minnesota.



 The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $250,000 grant to
help low-incom  com unities in Eastern Kentucky develop businesses and create
jobs. The grant will support the Leslie County Fiscal Courts, Perry County
Fiscal Courts and the Eastern Kentucky Concentrated Employment Program, Inc.
Leslie and Perry Counties are persistent poverty counties that receive
assistance under USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative
and the President's Promise Zone initiative.



 USDA launched StrikeForce in 2010 to address persistent poverty across America.
USDA staff work with state, local and com unity officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive com
unity outreach and technical assistance. President Obama announced the launch of
the Promise Zone initiative in his 2013 State of the Union address to target
federal and private resources to high-poverty urban, rural and tribal com
unities.



 Funding for recipients announced today is contingent upon the grantee meeting
the terms of the grant agreement.



 In 2011, the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development used a
$200,000 RCDI grant to help the Growth Alliance launch a regional com unity
development initiative. The project focused on capitalizing on unique assets
such as historic downtowns, natural beauty, outdoor recreation, arts and
culture, and history. The Alliance is a consortium of Amelia, Brunswick,
Buckingham, Charlotte, Greenville, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nottaway counties
and the city of Emporia.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (#USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 com unity
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              June 25, 2007 Monday

USDA offering grants for rural areas

LENGTH: 262 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program announced the
availability of $6 million in grants as part of the rural community development
initiative. The initiative will assist in supporting rural areas with economic
and community development.

"The RCDI program is broad-based, and assistance can be provided to rural Utah
in many different aspects," said Bonnie Carrig, community programs director,
USDA Rural Development in a news release. "If you have an idea or plan for
technical assistance, please discuss it with us and we will determine how it may
fit within our program guidelines."

Upon receiving grants, qualified intermediary organizations will help
nonprofits, community-based housing and development organizations, federally-
recognized Indian tribes and low-income communities in rural areas with a
population of 50,000 people or less.

These intermediaries must provide matching funds equal to or greater than the
USDA grants. Upon meeting grant agreements, selected applicants can receive a
minimum grant of $50,000 and maximum of $300,000.

Grants may provide resources for professional services, the building of
organizational capacity, the developing of strategic plans. The grants may also
assist in operations, management, financial systems, and technology.

Applications can be found and filed in a variety of places including online at
grants.gov, rurdev.usda.gov/rhs/rcdi/index.htm. Or visit 125 S. State, Room 4311
or contact Patricia Maltsberger at patricia.maltsberger@ut.usda.gov or
801-524-4303.

The application deadline is Sept. 6.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              May 20, 2016 Friday

Brattleboro DCC receives USDA grant

BYLINE: Special to the Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 789 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Friday that
the Brattleboro Development Credit Corporation received a $230,000 grant to
bolster economic development in 11 Windham and Bennington communities.

BDCC will provide technical assistance to local non-profits and long term
strategic economic development planning for the region with the funding.

"The Southern Vermont Economy Project seeks to engage the relationships built
during the post Irene recovery and enhance the capacity of these on-the-ground
organizations to deliver economic development services to areas in need," said
USDA Rural Development Vermont and New Hampshire State Director Ted Brady. "BDCC
recognizes that communities are stronger together than apart and will use this
project to rebuild southern Vermont's economic foundation."

BDCC's Executive Director Adam Grinold said that the Southern Vermont Economy
Project will focus its efforts on community economic development over the course
of two years.

"We look forward to working closely with the many organizations across southern
Vermont, helping align their efforts where appropriate, aiming to reduce
redundancies and improve efficiency across the region," said Grinold. "The BDCC
looks forward to working with our colleagues across the Southern Vermont
Economic Development Zone to identify areas for integration, collaboration and
partnership."

The BDCC Rural Development funds will be used to develop regional capacity to
support economic development across Windham and Bennington counties, building on
a successful collaboration formed as the region struggled to recover from the
devastating effects of Tropical Storm Irene in 2011. In 2015 The Southern
Vermont Economic Development Zone, which was established by an act of the
Vermont legislature highlighting the need for regional cooperation. This effort
will be by and between public and private sector partners concerning economic
development initiatives such as workforce training, retention, recruitment, and
sustainable business investment.

With the grant, the nonprofit will hire an economic development professional to
provide technical support in Rupert, Peru, Searsburg, Readsboro, Bennington,
Rockingham, Bellows Falls, Wardsboro, Marlboro, Halifax and Brattleboro.

In 2015 the Vermont Legislature created the Southern Vermont Economic
Development Zone. The BDCC will invest these funds to help build a framework for
regional cooperation by and between public sector and private sector partners
within the zone concerning economic development initiatives; workforce training,
retention, and recruitment; and sustainable business investment. Grinold further
explains, "We look forward to working closely with the many organizations across
southern Vermont, helping align their efforts where appropriate, aiming to
reduce redundancies and improve efficiency across the region"

The grant was part of more than $4 million in grants to 23 organizations to
support rural economic development projects. The awards and the request for
applications are being provided through the Rural Community Development
Initiative program. RCDI helps community-based development organizations,
federally recognized Indian tribes and other groups promote economic development
in low-income, rural communities

RCDI grants are not provided directly to businesses or individuals. Instead,
awards are provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are
locally-based and skilled in business development and job creation. Recipients
must obtain matching funds, which doubles the impact of the grants.

USDA Rural Development funded BDCC's project through the Rural Community
Development Initiative grant program that supports non-profit organizations in
improving housing, community facilities, and community and economic development
in rural areas. BDCC was one of 23 organizations nationwide to receive part of
more than $4 million in funding announced Friday. The USDA is currently
accepting applications for the RCDI program. For the 2016 grant application and
more information on the RCDI program visit www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services /
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.

USDA, through its rural development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
$214 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed to
improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas. For more
information on Rural Development visit www.rd.usda.gov/nh or www.rd.usda.gov/vt
) or call 802-828-6000.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Utah: Delta Community Capital Initiative (DCCI)

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Nov 3, 2014
Contact

Thann Young or Monica Wallace
Phone: 877.787.2526
Purpose

The Delta Community Capital Initiative (DCCI) awards grants to community
development lending and investing institutions that work to benefit communities
in the Lower Mississippi Delta Region.

These grants will be geared toward helping local rural nonprofit lenders and
investors build the capacities needed to secure other funding.The program will
work to provide needed capital so that funding opportunities will be more
effective and economic development services will expand to the underserved
residents of the Delta region.
Eligibility

Applicants that are eligible to participate in this initiative are community
development lenders and investors, which may be local rural non-profit
organizations. Applicants do not need to be certified as Community Development
Financial Institutions by the CDFI Fund.

Applicants must be a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization or a federally-recognized
Native American tribal government.
Geographic
coverage  Available in the Delta region.
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,000,000
Award Ceiling: $1,000,000
Award Floor: $100,000
Number of Awards: Up to 5
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development,
Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri,
Tennessee

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 10, 2015 Friday

Trail Town funding assist to continue for Saltsburg Borough

BYLINE: Gina DelFavero, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 372 words


July 10--Saltsburg Borough has received an update from William Prince, manager
of the Progress Fund's Trail Town Program, a revitalization project focused on
promoting tourism and recreation in specified "trail towns." Prince informed the
borough that it would continue to receive technical assistance through the
program, which was the recent recipient of a $140,000 Rural Community
Development Initiative grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Saltsburg heard last summer that it was chosen to be one of the next Trail Town
targets due to its trailheads for both the 15-mile West Penn Trail, which
stretches from Saltsburg to Blairsville, and the Westmoreland Heritage Trail, a
nine-mile path from Saltsburg to Delmont, both part of the Trans-Allegheny Trail
System.

According to P.J. Hruska, borough council president, the Trail Town Program so
far has helped with the purchase of a new sign for the Rebecca B. Hadden Stone
House Museum, and has been very supportive of other organizations in the
community.

The Rural Community Development Initiative grant will help provide funding for
the next two years to Saltsburg and other Trail Town communities to be applied
to business assistance and development, marketing, economic research, community
connections, real estate development and small business loans.

At an assessment meeting held June 2014 in Saltsburg, Prince pointed out several
areas that the town could address in order to boost its recreation potential,
including signage, parking, community bulletin boards, vacant buildings and
underused land, and a lack of novelty retail shops and lodging.

The Rural Community Development Initiative supports rural housing, community
facilities and economic development projects. The USDA awarded $6.3 million in
grants for 31 projects, and The Progress Fund was the only Pennsylvania-based
organization to receive a grant.

Gina DelFavero is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
724-459-6100, ext. 2915 or gdelfavero@tribweb.com

Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.

___ (c)2015 The Blairsville Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) Visit The Blairsville
Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150710-DH-Trail-Town-funding-assist-to-continue-for-Saltsburg-Borough-0710-201
50710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2015 The Blairsville Dispatch


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Sampson Independent

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday

Sampson serves as conduit for community-strengthening grant

BYLINE: Chris Berendt, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 743 words


Sept. 22--Sampson County is the lead applicant for the region in a community
development grant initiative that seeks to combine and coordinate efforts toward
building stronger sustainable communities for tomorrow.

Jim Caldwell, executive director of the Mid Carolina Council of Government
(MCCOG), previously requested that Sampson County serve as the applicant for a
three-county region to receive Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding
through the N.C. Tomorrow Initiative in the amount of $70,000 over a period of
18 to 24 months.

According to information provided by Caldwell, the funding will allow Sampson to
work collaboratively with its Mid-Carolina Council of Government (Region M)
partners, Cumberland and Harnett, as well as with the Lumber River COG- Region N
(Bladen, Hoke, Richmond, Robeson and Scotland), the Cape Fear COG- Region O
(Brunswick, Columbus, New Hanover and Pender) and the Southeastern Economic
Development Commission.

The application for community development block grant funding has been submitted
following two months of required public hearings, one in August and a second in
September. The application's submission was approved by the Sampson County Board
of Commissioners following the second hearing earlier this month.

Mid-Carolina is one of 17 regional councils formed to provide a wide variety of
community development programs and services to their local governments,
including community development, land use planning, zoning administration,
subdivision and zoning ordinances, water and sewer studies and annexation
reviews.

"The N.C. Department of Commerce and the 17 regional councils of government are
in discussions about the potential for creating a more uniform approach to
economic development planning across the state," said Caldwell. "The aim is to
produce a comprehensive economic development strategy for each region based on
six principles for sustainable communities."

Those six principles are to provide more transportation choices; promote
equitable, affordable housing; enhance economic competitiveness; support
existing communities; coordinate and leverage federal and state policies and
investment; and value communities and neighborhoods.

The initiative is designed to assist regions in the development of an analytic
tool that helps them make strategic decisions on economic and community
development. The regional strategic planning work will be incorporated into a
statewide plan.

Funding for the N.C. Tomorrow Initiative comes from federal Economic Development
Association and state CDBG grants. CDBG funds must be applied for by each
regional council by one of its members, and Sampson was asked to be the lead
applicant for the Mid-Carolina COG, in part because it is said to have one of
the lowest tier rankings which makes the grant more attractive, local officials
said.

Prior to submitting the application, Commissioner Albert Kirby did bring up one
perceived concern, a belief that the more metropolitan areas would see greater
benefit than the rural areas, such as Sampson.

"This region is made up of three counties that are quite different," Caldwell
said. "There is Fayetteville and Cumberland County, which is more commercial,
Harnett, which is agricultural and a little commercial and Sampson which is
agricultural and rural in nature. I can assure you the urban areas will not have
any advantage over the rural areas. I can personally see to that as far as
Region M is concerned."

During the public hearing process, county commissioners, including Kirby and
commissioner Billy Lockamy, did raise concerns as to what the "residual
responsibility" on behalf of the county would be.

The application will not impact any other county CDBG activities, requires no
county contribution and will not affect the county's cap, Caldwell noted.
Additionally, he assured commissioners that Mid Carolina would act as a
sub-grantee to carry out the work and manage the grant so there would be no
obligations of county staff.

"This common effort would allow the regional plans to be consolidated into a
state strategy with a uniform format," stated Caldwell, "while recognizing the
varying development needs of different parts of that state."

Chris Berendt can be reached at 910-592-8137 ext. 121 or via email at
sicrime@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2011 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110922-1SM-Sampson-serves-as-conduit-for-community-strengthening-grant
-0922-20110922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2011 Sampson Independent


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

Federal initiative to target poverty in colonias

BYLINE: Jared Janes, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 912 words


June 18--A federal initiative will combat chronic poverty in U.S.-Mexico border
colonias by providing access to badly needed capital for the organizations that
work with the underserved residents.

The Border Community Capital Initiative was formed this month to assist the
community development organizations that provide affordable housing, support
small businesses and build financing capacity in low-income colonias. Formed
through a partnership of three federal agencies, the border initiative will help
address the lack of stable funding among community development lenders and
investors that limits their effectiveness in serving colonias.

The difficulty obtaining capital regularly enters discussions when federal
officials talk with community development organizations about their work along
the border, said Valerie Piper, an assistant secretary for economic development
at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The new initiative will
help fill that financing gap while complementing the federal government's
traditional work in addressing infrastructure problems in the colonias.

"When we started to look at the range of programs that we have to address needs
in the colonias, we felt like this was something we could do," she said. "Much
of the historic focus has been on infrastructure needs but there's this emerging
capacity to use capital so we can assist folks in building up their own assets."

The Border Community Capital Initiative, or border initiative, is part of a
series of initiatives developed by the White House Rural Council, a group
launched by President Barack Obama last year to create jobs and expand
opportunities in rural America. The border initiative is a partnership between
HUD, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development arm and the Treasury
Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, which provides
credit, capital and financial services to underserved population.

The initiative is built around HUD grants of up to $200,000 for nonprofit
community lenders and investors that serve colonia residents. The Treasury
Department will provide the grantees with technical assistance and training to
improve their programs, and the USDA will assist grantees within its own
programs when appropriate.

Under the initiative, for example, a border nonprofit could receive assistance
with completing a market study to set up a lending business. The lending
business could then start providing loans to colonia residents using the
initiative's grant program.

The border initiative targets a niche of lending and investing organizations
with a theory that their investments will reach other organizations. By helping
the lending and investing organizations with their own capital needs, the border
initiative will also assist them with further expansion by receiving funds from
the private sector or other federal agencies.

In Hidalgo County, two organizations certified as community development
financial institutions include Affordable Homes of South Texas and Proyecto
Azteca, two housing organizations that work with low-income residents. But
applicants could also include groups that provide microlending for organizations
or individuals that don't fit the typical borrower profile.

Federal officials say colonias often receive insufficient services because they
lack organizations with enough funding to respond to their community's needs.

But the border initiative is a chance to direct attention toward those colonias,
said Judith Canales, the USDA's acting deputy undersecretary for rural
development. Once the federal government provides an initial infusion of capital
to community development organizations, those groups can help colonia residents
take the next step in fighting poverty by building a home or starting a
business.

Canales, who worked in economic development in the border town of Eagle Pass
before joining the USDA, said the border initiative can draw attention to the
"continued need for human and capital development" in impoverished colonias.

"This is an impetus for the border," she said. "We see it as an opportunity to
drive attention to opportunities for investment and to draw in access to capital
along the border."

Hidalgo County has more colonias than any other place along the U.S.-Mexico
border. While basic infrastructure needs still persist in some areas, more
emphasis is being directed toward combating the poverty that is evident in the
colonias' ramshackle housing and poor living conditions.

U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar, the Laredo Democrat who serves on the House's
agriculture committee, said the border initiative could help gradually improve
those conditions.

"By helping local financial institutions in the colonias improve their capacity
to raise capital, increase lending and boost investment in their communities,
this initiative will strengthen community development and help put an end to the
cycle of poverty in these areas," Cuellar said. "I am grateful that these
federal agencies are helping to tackle chronic poverty in the colonias by giving
local businesses the tools they need to make their communities stronger."

Jared Janes covers Hidalgo County government, Edinburg and legislative issues
for The Monitor. He can be reached at jjanes@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4424.

TWITTER

Follow Jared Janes on Twitter: @moncounty

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120618-MC-Federal-initiative
-to-target-poverty-in-colonias-0618-20120618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                October 30, 2008

State of Idaho grant to Burley aids Hy-Line expansion

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 182  words


The City of Burley today received a grant to assist in Hy-Line North American's
expansion plans. Idaho Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter awarded the $500,000 Rural
Community Development Block Grant to assist in the poultry breeder's
improvements to water, sewer, sidewalk and road infrastructure.

Hy-Line is investing $17 million to build a new facility in Burley, an expansion
that is expected to create 45 new jobs, the Idaho Department of Commerce said in
a release.

Otter said the success of his Project 60 initiative to raise gross state product
from $51 billion to $60 billion by the time he leaves office "depends in large
measure on this kind of business expansion providing great opportunities for
local and state economies to grow. This grant will further improve Burley's
infrastructure, creating a foundation for additional growth and creation of even
more good jobs for Idahoans. "

Rural Community Development Block Grants are financed with state general tax
revenue, under the Idaho Rural Initiative, to expand economic opportunities. The
Idaho Department of Commerce administers the grants.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

USDA economic development funds to create jobs

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


WASHINGTON &GT;&GT; Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the
selection of 49 community-based organizations in 27 states, the District of
Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for grants to promote economic
growth, support rural business development and create jobs.

"These grants will bring increased economic opportunities to rural residents and
communities by strengthening the capacity of regional organizations to help
small and emerging businesses," Vilsack said. "They also will help organizations
experienced in economic development create more job opportunities for rural
residents across the country."

The USDA is making the investments through the Rural Community Development
Initiative Program. It helps community-based development organizations,
federally recognized Indian tribes and other groups promote economic growth in
low-income, rural communities. Recipients are required to obtain matching funds,
which increase the value of the grants. USDA does not provide the grants
directly to businesses or individuals. Instead, the Agency awards the money to
public or non-profit intermediaries. Much of the RCDI funding is regional in
nature and underscores the USDA's support of locally-based development
strategies.

USDA Rural Development State Director added Terry Brunner, "Our funding will
help finance organizations, like the Rio Grande Community Assistance Program,
that are helping to grow entrepreneurs and small businesses across rural New
Mexico. In New Mexico's economic recovery we can't forget the importance these
small business have to improving the overall economic situation in the state."

The Rio Grande Community Development Corporation will receive a $152,492 RCDI
grant to provide assistance to help the Southwest New Mexico Council of
Governments establish food manufacturing entrepreneurship in the rural and low
income counties of Catron, Grant, Hidalgo and Luna. The financial assistance
will help build new capacity through the development of incubator kitchens;
entrepreneurial training; distribution networks; and regional market planning.

Under the announcement, the USDA is providing $6.8 million in funding to
strengthen local and regional economic development enterprises. Funding for
recipients announced this is contingent upon the grantee meeting the terms of
the grant agreement.

The Rural Community Development Initiative program has a proven history of
bringing economic benefits to rural communities. In 2012, the Iowa Economic
Development Authority used a $200,000 RCDI grant to provide funds to IEDA to
help more than 50 non-profit recipients develop marketing and branding
strategies for community assets. Local groups learned how to collect and review
demographic data, and to identify business retention, expansion and recruitment
strategies. This process, dubbed "Re-Energizing Main Street's Economic
Performance," helped implement a revitalization and growth plan for downtown
businesses.

President Barack Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic
investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's
leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. The USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. About the USDA

The USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call 866-632-9992 Toll-free Customer Service, 800-877-8339 Local or Federal
relay, 866- 377-8642 Relay voice users.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vilsack

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 357  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor
USDA Rural Development
Deadlines
Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program provides loans, grants, and
loan guarantees for essential community facilities in rural areas. Priority is
given to healthcare, education, and public safety projects. Funds may be used to
construct, enlarge, or improve facilities.

Projects that are more typical to receive funding include:

Hospitals
    Health clinics
    Mental health facilities
    Schools
    Fire houses
    Community centers
    Other community-based initiatives

Applicants can apply for one of three options: the Community Facilities Direct
and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant Program, and the
Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are also available to public entities such as
municipalities, counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to
non-profit corporations and tribal governments.
Geographic coverage
Nationwide
Amount of funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as
Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency services, Health
information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care, Schools,
Telehealth

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2012 Sunday

USDA awards $200K RCDI Grant to the FAO

BYLINE: Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 594 words


Aug. 12--NELSONVILLE -- Agriculture Deputy Under Secretary for Rural Development
Doug O'Brien announced today that the Foundation for Appalachian Ohio (FAO)
would receive funding through the USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative
(RCDI) Program. At FAO's offices in Nelsonville on the Public Square, FAO was
awarded a $200,000 grant to provide technical assistance to nine Appalachian
communities located in Gallia, Guernsey, Harrison, Jackson, Meigs and Morgan
counties.

"We are so excited for the opportunities these resources will create in
Appalachian Ohio," said Cara Dingus Brook, president and CEO of the Foundation
for Appalachian Ohio. "One of the Foundation's primary goals is to ensure every
community in Appalachian Ohio is served by a locally-directed community
foundation. These resources are a huge boost to seeing that goal accomplished
and to our ability to serve the region in this way."

FAO's grant will support the community foundation in working in Appalachian Ohio
counties without a local source of community philanthropy in addition to
supporting the Foundation's larger work to create sustainable, widely-shared
prosperity for the region. By providing technical assistance and training, FAO
will be working with local communities and their community foundation funds to
grow or establish funds to support local community and economic development
projects.

"A strong rural America will bring increased economic opportunity to rural
residents and communities," O'Brien said. "The RCDI Program is designed to
support organizations like the Foundation for Appalachian Ohio in their efforts
to create economic opportunity and strengthen rural Ohio communities."

The funding announced today is being provided through the Rural Community
Development Initiative Program. RCDI helps community-based development
organizations, federally recognized Indian tribes, and other groups promote
economic growth in low-income, rural communities. The grants are awarded to
public or nonprofit intermediary organizations who then work with recipients,
which must be located in eligible rural areas. Recipients are required to obtain
matching funds, which increase the value of the grants.

"With matching funds from our partner the Appalachian Partnership for Economic
Growth, FAO is able to maximize this development opportunity for our communities
and our region," added Brook. "We look forward to working with all of our
community foundation funds as part of this effort."

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $170 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers, and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

The Foundation for Appalachian Ohio is a regional community foundation serving
the 32 counties of Appalachian Ohio with the mission of enriching the region's
current and future quality of life. A 501(c)(3) public charity, the Foundation
attracts contributions for programs and endowment, makes grants for charitable
and civic purposes, and supports local efforts for positive change. For more
information about FAO, visit www.appalachianohio.org.

___ (c)2012 the Gallipolis Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) Visit the Gallipolis
Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) at www.mydailytribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120812-YQ-USDA-awards-200K-RCDI-Grant-to-the-FAO-0812-20120812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YQ


                 Copyright 2012 Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Governor Haslam, Commissioner Boyd Announce New Rural Economic
Development Fund

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Economic and Community Development Commissioner
Randy Boyd announced today the state is investing $8 million in a new Rural
Economic Development Fund to build capacity for transformative economic
development strategies in rural Tennessee.





 The Rural Economic Development Fund will provide an initial $6 million for Site
Development Grants for communities to help move economic development sites to
shovel-ready status as part of the state's nationally recognized Select
Tennessee Site Certification program.



 The new initiative will also fund $1 million in grants for the enhancement of
tourism sites in rural communities as well as $600,000 for additional ThreeStar
community grants including a Main Street Business Incubator program for downtown
business districts.



 &ldquo;Tennessee has embraced real change in our approach to workforce
readiness with programs like the Tennessee Promise, and these new initiatives
led by TNECD will help build capacity in rural areas and get them ready for
investment and economic success,&rdquo; Haslam said.



 &ldquo;Tennesseans are passionate about their communities,&rdquo; Boyd said.
&ldquo;Here at TNECD, we are passionate about helping them develop dynamic,
diverse economies and thriving communities. This investment will pay off for
decades, helping generations of rural Tennesseans see that their communities
reach full economic potential.&rdquo;



 TNECD announced a renewed focus on rural development, with Boyd appointing Amy
Blaylock New as the department's first assistant commissioner for rural
development. TNECD also organized a statewide Rural Development Task Force.



  Last month the department launched a new marketing campaign for the Memphis
Regional Megasite, a state-owned 4,100-acre industrial site in rural West
Tennessee.



 Boyd and New embarked on listening tours of rural Tennessee this year, meeting
with elected officials, business and civic leaders across the state on the
opportunities and challenges facing rural communities.



 The Rural Economic Development Fund will also provide $250,000 in funding for a
statewide survey of broadband capacity in rural Tennessee - a direct result of
feedback from rural community leaders.



 Boyd and New announced the Rural Economic Development Fund today at the 62nd
Annual Governor's Conference on Economic and Community Development.



 New said the programs the fund helps create are directly tied to feedback the
department received during its listening tours.



 &ldquo;Our department decided to double down on rural economic development
earlier this year,&rdquo; New said. &ldquo;The Rural Economic Development Fund
will help communities stretch their resources to make sure we have asset-based
investment strategies in rural Tennessee. This fund will reinforce the
exceptional work and investment by our local partners to prepare for the future
economic growth.&rdquo;



 The Rural Economic Development Fund includes:



     $6 million Select TN Site Development Grants

     $1 million Tourism-Based Economic Enhancement Program

     $300,000 Main Street Incubator Grants

     $250,000 ThreeStar Community Enhancement Awards

     $250,000 Statewide Broadband Supply/Demand Analysis

     $100,000 ThreeStar Asset Based Planning Assistance

     $75,000 AgLaunch in cooperation with Launch Tennessee



 Funding for the new grant programs comes from one-time revenues in the
department's current budget.



 Community leaders in rural Tennessee will receive information from their
regional offices and TNECD on the application process for the new programs in
the coming months.



 About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development



 Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 &ldquo;State of the Year&rdquo; for economic
development by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help
make Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Governor Haslam, Commissioner Boyd Announce New Rural Economic
Development Fund

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Economic and Community Development Commissioner
Randy Boyd announced today the state is investing $8 million in a new Rural
Economic Development Fund to build capacity for transformative economic
development strategies in rural Tennessee.





 The Rural Economic Development Fund will provide an initial $6 million for Site
Development Grants for communities to help move economic development sites to
shovel-ready status as part of the state's nationally recognized Select
Tennessee Site Certification program.



 The new initiative will also fund $1 million in grants for the enhancement of
tourism sites in rural communities as well as $600,000 for additional ThreeStar
community grants including a Main Street Business Incubator program for downtown
business districts.



 &ldquo;Tennessee has embraced real change in our approach to workforce
readiness with programs like the Tennessee Promise, and these new initiatives
led by TNECD will help build capacity in rural areas and get them ready for
investment and economic success,&rdquo; Haslam said.



 &ldquo;Tennesseans are passionate about their communities,&rdquo; Boyd said.
&ldquo;Here at TNECD, we are passionate about helping them develop dynamic,
diverse economies and thriving communities. This investment will pay off for
decades, helping generations of rural Tennesseans see that their communities
reach full economic potential.&rdquo;



 TNECD announced a renewed focus on rural development, with Boyd appointing Amy
Blaylock New as the department's first assistant commissioner for rural
development. TNECD also organized a statewide Rural Development Task Force.



  Last month the department launched a new marketing campaign for the Memphis
Regional Megasite, a state-owned 4,100-acre industrial site in rural West
Tennessee.



 Boyd and New embarked on listening tours of rural Tennessee this year, meeting
with elected officials, business and civic leaders across the state on the
opportunities and challenges facing rural communities.



 The Rural Economic Development Fund will also provide $250,000 in funding for a
statewide survey of broadband capacity in rural Tennessee - a direct result of
feedback from rural community leaders.



 Boyd and New announced the Rural Economic Development Fund today at the 62nd
Annual Governor's Conference on Economic and Community Development.



 New said the programs the fund helps create are directly tied to feedback the
department received during its listening tours.



 &ldquo;Our department decided to double down on rural economic development
earlier this year,&rdquo; New said. &ldquo;The Rural Economic Development Fund
will help communities stretch their resources to make sure we have asset-based
investment strategies in rural Tennessee. This fund will reinforce the
exceptional work and investment by our local partners to prepare for the future
economic growth.&rdquo;



 The Rural Economic Development Fund includes:



     $6 million Select TN Site Development Grants

     $1 million Tourism-Based Economic Enhancement Program

     $300,000 Main Street Incubator Grants

     $250,000 ThreeStar Community Enhancement Awards

     $250,000 Statewide Broadband Supply/Demand Analysis

     $100,000 ThreeStar Asset Based Planning Assistance

     $75,000 AgLaunch in cooperation with Launch Tennessee



 Funding for the new grant programs comes from one-time revenues in the
department's current budget.



 Community leaders in rural Tennessee will receive information from their
regional offices and TNECD on the application process for the new programs in
the coming months.



 About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development



 Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 &ldquo;State of the Year&rdquo; for economic
development by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help
make Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 9, 2006 Thursday

Bush budget would cut some small-business programs

BYLINE: Kevan Goff-Parker

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 978  words


President George W. Bush's $2.77 trillion budget plan includes the elimination
of or cuts to dozens of small-business initiatives and programs that benefit
Oklahomans, according to a report recently released by the U.S. House Small
Business Committee's Democratic staff.</p>

"The Impact of the 2007 Budget on Small Business" report found that 75 percent
of the nation's small-business programs will be cut or eliminated in the
proposed 2007 budget. Vikki Dearing, director of business solutions for the
Oklahoma Department of Commerce, said she's concerned by many of the proposed
cuts and the potential elimination of program related to small businesses.</p>

"Many of these cuts are going to affect our partners that help us do economic
development, especially in rural Oklahoma," Deering said. "Small businesses are
the bread and butter of rural Oklahoma. We would hate to see the loss of any
programs or funding that might affect the ability of rural Oklahoma to
prosper."</p>

She said the Oklahoma Department of Commerce also manages Community Development
Block Grants, which have also been slated for cuts.</p>

"We did know those were going to be cut, and we've been talking about what we
can do to reduce the impact," Deering said. "Oklahoma is made up of small
businesses, and they have the greatest potential for creating new jobs in our
state. Studies show that more than 80 percent of new jobs created are created by
existing companies, and usually they are small companies.</p>

"Some of these proposed cuts could have a significant impact," Deering said. "I
believe our rural partners need to be aware and prepare for possible cuts that
are on the horizon. We know that work force is the key issue in economic
development in Oklahoma, and anytime we see cuts to post-secondary education,
we're concerned."</p>

The report found that nearly 40 of the small business programs in this year's
request were cut by more than 80 percent, with nearly a half of the 100
small-business programs slated for termination.</p>

Lu Eyerman, deputy press secretary for Gov. Brad Henry, said the governor had
not yet had an opportunity to review the president's budget proposal for
2007.</p>

"But he would be opposed to any cuts that would adversely affect small
business," Eyerman said. </p>

State Rep. John Auffet, D- Stillwell and vice-chair of the Oklahoma House of
Representatives' Business and Economic Development Committee, said the impact of
the proposed cuts and eliminations would negatively affect the state.</p>

"Many of those programs benefit rural Oklahoma," Auffet said. "If the people we
send up there (to Washington, D.C.) support this, they are not representing us
in our own best interest." </p>

State Rep. Ray Young, R-Yukon, chairman of the Oklahoma House of
Representatives' Business and Economic Development Committee, declined to
comment on the report because he had not reviewed it.</p>

Oklahoma's Small Business Development Center has 15 offices and locations and
serves more than 7,500 Oklahomans annually. Grady Pennington, state director of
Oklahoma Small Business Development Center, said the programs slated for cuts
and eliminations serve as "very valuable tools" that the centers use when they
work with clients.</p>

"The 7(a) Loan Program is something we've relied on for a long time, and it's
the premier Small Business Administration loan that provides funding for start
ups," Pennington said.</p>

"It's going to make our work a lot harder in identifying resources, and it will
be more difficult for services to be provided for these people," he said.</p>

Pennington said Small Business Development Center funds will also be cut
nationwide by about $700,000. </p>

"Our program returns more money to the economy than it costs," Pennington said.
"For every dollar we spend on this program, there is $4 returned in federal and
state tax revenue."</p>

He said an independent study of the state's Small Business Development Centers'
clients revealed that 92.8 percent of respondents said the centers' counseling
was beneficial.P></p>

The following is a list of a handful of small-business programs that would be
eliminated or would go unfunded under President Bush's budget request.</p>

* 7(a) Loan Program (received no funding), but brought in $145,398,000 through
854 loans to Oklahoma businesses in FY '05.</p>

* Oklahoma businesses currently have one active Advanced Technology Program
(ATP) award totaling $492,699 for the research and development of innovative
technologies.</p>

* The Economic Development Initiative (EDI) provided Oklahoma with $708,913 in
grants in FY '05 to enhance small-business loan guarantees and support local
community development initiatives. </p>

* Farm Services Agency (FSA) provided small farmers in Oklahoma with $165.2
million in FY '05 to administer programs that preserve and promote American
agriculture.</p>

* Microloan brought in $359,577 through 32 loans and $824,599 in technical
assistance to Oklahoma businesses in FY '05. </p>

* Migrant and Seasonal Farm Worker Program employment and entrepreneurship
initiatives brought in $1.3 million in FY '05 for Oklahoma farmers. </p>

* The PRIME program brought in $122,061 to Oklahoma small businesses in FY
'05.</p>

* Rural Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) brought in $1.6 million in FY '05 to
assist in the development of small rural businesses in Oklahoma. </p>

* The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) provided businesses and
organizations in Oklahoma with $300,000 in technical assistance grants in FY '05
for rural micro-enterprise development. </p>

* In FY 05, Section 108 Community Development Loan Guarantees provided Oklahoma
businesses with $5 million in funding to finance a wide range of community and
economic development activities. </p>

Information Provided by Allyson L. Ivins, press assistant, Office of U.S.
Congresswoman Nydia M. Velazquez (NY-12)</p>

</p>

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Sampson Independent

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 20, 2012 Tuesday

Sampson will get slice of $50,000 to improve low-income housing

BYLINE: Chris Berendt, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 878 words


March 20--The county has received a $50,000 grant that is expected to bring with
it benefits toward building stronger communities, notably offering low-income
housing improvements that would help meet "livability principles" outlined by
the grant.

A letter was recently sent to the Sampson County Board of Commissioners
notifying them of the grant receipt. The grant was applied for last fall and
will be used in a three-county region to include Sampson.

Sampson County served as the lead applicant for the region in the N.C. Tomorrow
Initiative, a Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) initiative that seeks to
combine and coordinate efforts toward building stronger sustainable communities
for tomorrow. That includes improving conditions of low-income houses.

"It is my pleasure to notify you officially that Sampson County has been awarded
a $50,000 Community Development Block Grant for N.C. Tomorrow funds for planning
and administration," Henry McKoy, assistant secretary with the N.C. Department
of Commerce's Community Development, stated in a letter to the board. "We are
happy to support your efforts to improve the conditions of very low-income
households in your community."

Community Investment and Assistance will be working with the county in ensuring
certain grant conditions are met and in place before funds are obligated.

Jim Caldwell, executive director of the Mid Carolina Council of Government
(MCCOG), previously requested that Sampson County serve as the applicant for a
three-county region to receive CDBG funding through the N.C. Tomorrow Initiative
in the amount of $70,000 over a period of 18 to 24 months. The amount ultimately
received was $50,000.

Caldwell spoke to commissioners at length during two public hearings held in
August and September 2011, following which the grant application was made.

According to information provided by Caldwell, the funding will allow Sampson to
work collaboratively with its Mid-Carolina Council of Government (Region M)
partners, Cumberland and Harnett, as well as with the Lumber River COG- Region N
(Bladen, Hoke, Richmond, Robeson and Scotland), the Cape Fear COG- Region O
(Brunswick, Columbus, New Hanover and Pender) and the Southeastern Economic
Development Commission.

Mid-Carolina is one of 17 regional councils formed to provide a wide variety of
community development programs and services to their local governments,
including community development, land use planning, zoning administration,
subdivision and zoning ordinances, water and sewer studies and annexation
reviews.

"The N.C. Department of Commerce and the 17 regional councils of government are
in discussions about the potential for creating a more uniform approach to
economic development planning across the state," Caldwell has said. "The aim is
to produce a comprehensive economic development strategy for each region based
on six principles for sustainable communities."

Those six principles are to provide more transportation choices; promote
equitable, affordable housing; enhance economic competitiveness; support
existing communities; coordinate and leverage federal and state policies and
investment; and value communities and neighborhoods.

As part of equitable and affordable housing, it entails expanding the location
and energy efficient housing choices for people of all ages, incomes, races and
ethnicities to increase mobility and lower combined cost of housing and
transportation.

The initiative is designed to assist regions in the development of an analytic
tool that helps them make strategic decisions on economic and community
development. The regional strategic planning work will be incorporated into a
statewide plan.

Funding for the N.C. Tomorrow Initiative comes from federal Economic Development
Association and state CDBG grants. CDBG funds must be applied for by each
regional council by one of its members, and Sampson was asked to be the lead
applicant for the Mid-Carolina COG, in part because it is said to have one of
the lowest tier rankings which makes the grant more attractive, local officials
said.

Answering commissioners' concerns, Caldwell said the more metropolitan areas
would not see a greater benefit than the rural areas, such as Sampson.

"This region is made up of three counties that are quite different," Caldwell
said. "I can assure you the urban areas will not have any advantage over the
rural areas."

He also said there would be no residual responsibility on behalf of the county.
The application will not impact any other county CDBG activities, requires no
county contribution and will not affect the county's cap, Caldwell noted.
Additionally, he assured commissioners that Mid Carolina would act as a
sub-grantee to carry out the work and manage the grant so there would be no
obligations of county staff.

"This common effort would allow the regional plans to be consolidated into a
state strategy with a uniform format," stated Caldwell, "while recognizing the
varying development needs of different parts of that state."

Chris Berendt can be reached at 910-592-8137 ext. 121 or via email at
sicrime@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2012 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120320-1SM-Sampson-will-get-slice-of-50,000-to-improve-low-income-housing-0320
-20120320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2012 Sampson Independent


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday

Project promotes food industry

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 301 words


ALBUQUERQUE &GT;&GT; USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
presented Rio Grande Community Development Corporation certificate of obligation
which will begin the funding for the establishment of a food manufacturing
entrepreneurship project in southwest New Mexico.

During the presentation Brunner said, "This project offers an exciting
opportunity to build a food network of locally grown products which will provide
our families and children with a healthier food supply." Brunner added, "In the
long run this project will also create new income opportunities and help
stimulate the economy in our rural communities."

The $152,492 grant provided by Rural Development's Rural Community Development
Initiative program will be used to develop incubator kitchens, food processing
training, the development of distribution networks and regional marketing
planning for small food manufacturing businesses in Catron, Grant, Hidalgo and
Luna Counties.

The presentation was made in conjunction with USDA's Food and Nutrition Service
summer food demonstration project in Anthony, New Mexico.

The demonstration was held to show the public the various programs offered by
the agencies within the U.S. Department of Agriculture and how they are being
utilized in high poverty areas targeted by USDA's StrikeForce initiative.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.

Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing, community
facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to
continue leading the way   strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities. USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way
of life that stands as the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brunner

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,676,077
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application will be available
through grants.gov.

A Federal Register notice was published August 14, 2013.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 1, 2014

Food manufacturing entrepreneurship project to target Hidalgo County

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 300  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner this week presented Rio
Grande Community Development Corporation certificate of obligation which will
begin the funding for the establishment of a food manufacturing entrepreneurship
project in southwest New Mexico.

During the presentation Brunner said, "This project offers an exciting
opportunity to build a food network of locally grown products which will provide
our families and children with a healthier food supply." Brunner added, "In the
long run this project will also create new income opportunities and help
stimulate the economy in our rural communities."

The $152,492 grant provided by Rural Development's Rural Community Development
Initiative program will be used to develop incubator kitchens, food processing
training, the development of distribution networks and regional marketing
planning for small food manufacturing businesses in Catron, Grant, Hidalgo and
Luna Counties.

The presentation was made in exjunction with USDA's Food and Nutrition Service
(FNS) summer food demonstration project in Anthony, New Mexico. The
demonstration was held to show the public the various programs offered by the
agencies within the U.S. Department of Agriculture and how they are being
utilized in high poverty areas targeted by USDA's StrikeForce initiative.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
-strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Hidalgo County Herald


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday

SETting the Pace: Initiative to promote regional economic development in area

BYLINE: Dionne Gleaton, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 752 words


April 14--An initiative to help localities develop new approaches to strengthen
and enhance regional economic development has been looked at in Orangeburg,
Bamberg and Calhoun counties.

U.S. Department of Agriculture-Rural Development, along with the nation's four
Regional Rural Development Centers and their land-grant university parents,
launched the Stronger Economies Together, or SET, program in 2010. The
initiative includes counties working together as a region to assess their
resources and then design and implement plans that build on their assets and
economic strengths.

The initiative is in place in nearly 40 regions in 19 states, with South
Carolina among seven additional states where regional teams are working to
become a part of the initiative. The South Carolina USDA Rural Development
office in Columbia is working in conjunction with the Clemson University
Institute for Economic and Community Development and other state and local
partners to implement the initiative in the state.

"SET is a USDA program to encourage counties to work better together as far as
developing an economic development plan. We're currently in the process of
soliciting applications from communities that want to be a part of it. We're
accepting applications now," said Ben Boyles, a regional agent with the Clemson
Institute for Economic and Community Development.

"We're just trying to target communities that might interested in forming a team
to apply. If they're selected, they'll be getting some technical assistance from
USDA, Clemson University and others to develop a vision for that region,
whatever that region looks like," Boyles said.

S.C. SET is accepting applications until May 15. Applicants should be
individuals interested in forming an economic and community development team of
15 to 25 members. The team would encompass a contiguous region of three or more
counties in which at least 51 percent of the population is rural, or 75 percent
of the land area is rural. Team members must be available for 35 hours of
training over a one-year period, and each applying group must be committed to
developing a regional economic development plan from the process.

Applications can be found online at clemson.edu/set.

"We understand each county has their own plan. This is just trying to find ways
to develop a regional blueprint or framework to be able to work better together
as a region," Boyles said.

"Anybody in the community who has an interest in working together can apply, but
in our state it's mostly been economic development agencies, county governments,
non-profits. We're currently just soliciting proposals and making the deadline
for that," Boyles said. "We're working with the USDA to select two teams, and
those two teams will be chosen as the SET teams for South Carolina."

Services teams will receive include: intensive strategic planning training;
database tools specifically designed to help examine competitive advantages and
up to 40 hours of technical assistance and educational support from the Clemson
Institute for Economic and Community Development and USDA Rural Development
staff.

Orangeburg resident Georgia Good is part of the 22-member S.C. SET State Partner
Team, which is tasked with raising awareness and support. Good is also executive
director of the Rural Advancement Fund in Orangeburg. The RAF of the National
Sharecroppers Fund was founded in 1937 by Eleanor Roosevelt and others to bring
resources to struggling communities in the rural South.

She said she and fellow RAF worker Robert Jones are working to raise awareness
and drum up support for the program in Orangeburg, Bamberg and Calhoun counties.

"The SET program wants a variety of people to be in on this process," Good said.

She and Jones presented the program during a March 21 Bamberg County Council
meeting and again during a Calhoun County Council meeting on March 25.

Calhoun and Bamberg counties have opted, at least for now, not to be part of the
program, citing duplication. Orangeburg County is looking into it.

For more information on the program, including application details, visit
clemson.edu/set. Boyles can also be reached by email at boyles2@clemson.edu or
by phone at 803-981-3021. Dore can also be reached by email at
vernita.dore@sc.usda.gov or by phone at 803-765-5163.

Contact the writer: dgleaton@timesanddemocrat.com and 803-533-5534.

___ (c)2013 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130414-GG-SETting-the-Pace-Initiative
-to-promote-regional-economic-development-in-area-0414-20130414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2013 The Times and Democrat


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Franken, Klobuchar, Peterson, Nolan Announce USDA Grant Awarded to
Boost Rural Economic Development in Minnesota

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Al Franken has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar, along with Representatives Collin
Peterson and Rick Nolan, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded a grant to Minnesota's The Initiative Foundation. The USDA
awarded grants to 23 organizations to support rural and economic development
projects. The Initiative Foundation in Minnesota was selected for a $173,372
grant to provide training, technical assistance and financial support to 20
non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and skilled in business
development and job creation.





 "Minnesota's own The Initiative Foundation was chosen to receive this grant
because of its dedication to improving rural economies," said Klobuchar. "Our
nation's strength is anchored in our rural com unities. This grant will ensure
that The Initiative Foundation can continue to support the important job
creation and business development efforts of Minnesota's non-profits."



 "Investing in our rural com unities is good for Minnesota's overall economic
health and it's good for the entire country," said Franken. "And one of my top
priorities it to expand our workforce and get people the training they need for
middle-class, good-paying jobs. This new support will help create jobs and
economic opportunity in rural Minnesota."



 "Making investments in rural com unities and connecting important resources to
rural citizens is essential to keeping rural areas thriving," Peterson said.
"This grant will support job creation and benefit the rural economy."



 "Here in Minnesota's Eighth District, our rural economy depends on small
business development and job creation," Nolan said. "This grant for The
Initiative Foundation will help bolster our rural com unities by providing the
training, technical assistance and financial support needed to support these
important rural and economic development projects."



 The award is being provided through the Rural Community Development Initiative
(RCDI) program. RCDI helps com unity-based development organizations and other
groups promote economic development in low-incom , rural com unities. Awards are
provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and
skilled in business development and job creation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 April 20, 2014

LDC network under threat from new government plans

SECTION: SMALL BUSINESS

LENGTH: 689 words


Ireland's local development companies (LDCs) are under threat, amid confusion
over government plans to overhaul the existing ''bottom-up approach to
administering EU and national funding for rural and community development.

It is unclear how or when the reforms, proposed by the Department of
Environment, Community and Local Government in 2012, will be rolled out, placing
1,900 jobs in 35 LDCs at risk, according to Ryan Howard, chief executive of
Cork-based LDC Secad.

The programme of local government reforms initiated by Minister for the
Environment Phil Hogan in 2012 proposed a new approach to administering local
development funding from 2014 onwards, led by local authorities.

Published in October 2012, the local government reform document, Putting People
First, proposed the introduction of socio-economic committees, led by county
councils, to allocate EU Leader funding for rural development, Local Community
Development Programmes and other funding sources.

''As far as we know, the Department of the Environment is already mentoring
people in the county councils for this new body, which they're calling the Local
Community Development Committee (LCDC), but we are not at all clear what is
going to happen and when it's going to happen, said Howard.

''By the end of this year, most of our organisations will have run out of our
Leader budgets and we need to start applying for the next programme, which runs
for the next six years, but instead we're in limbo.

''The minister needs to start clearing the decks, or we won't get the next
Leader contract and we are going to have to start closing down sections of our
organisations.

Howard said the planned reforms would introduce an unnecessary layer of
bureaucracy, putting at risk a proven approach to community development funding,
which integrated business support and start-up activities, training and
mentoring, tourism projects and transport initiatives for rural areas.

''There is a role for the LCDC, but not in attempting to duplicate or eradicate
a very successful community-led model for investing public funds, he said.

''Secad and other local development companies throughout Ireland have been
hugely successful in accessing funding from Europe - not only the Rural
Development Fund, but additional sources of grant aid in the areas of networks,
mobility and community.

The first LDC was established in 1991 to pilot a locally-led approach to
administering EU Leader funding for rural development.

In addition to Leader funding, LDCs have gone on to administer other smaller
schemes and initiatives, including the Local and Community Development
Programme, Rural Transport Programme, Equality for Women, Tus, and Rural Social
Scheme.

''The whole concept was to try to deal with rural issues using a bottom-up
approach to funding, rather than a top-down government approach, said Howard.

''The funding is there for small businesses in areas like tourism, food and
craft. Most of them are at a very early stage, or they are sole traders, that
would not otherwise have much access to funding.

''Our business grants average EUR 35,000, but the funding amounts can range from
EUR 5,000 up to EUR 200,000, so what we do provides a significant boost for
local economies.

''It's a strange thing for local development funds to be going backwards into a
top-down programme.

''It's going to slow things down, it's going to add more complexity in terms of
tendering and procurement, and it's going to add a second decision-making body.

Howard said the government's LCDC proposal would also put at risk the
''recognised and proven status of the local development companies at EU level.

''We have proven our model highly successful in the delivery of funds on the
ground, and we have attained status in the EU, which allows us to negotiate
additional funding and access other sources of funding, he said.

''The justification for this change is that the new local government structure
will bring us closer together, but actually what it is doing is taking our
contracts, so that we go from being the contract-holder to a subcontractor. It
takes the decision-making powers away from local people.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Pacific Gas and Electric Company PG&E Awards $200,000 to Drive Job Creation in
California Communities

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:



  Local community vitality and economic development programs just received a
boost through PG&E's Better Together Giving Programs. PG&E is awarding a total
of $200,000 in Economic Vitality Grants to 10 worthy local community
organizations. Each organization will receive $20,000 to help grow a specific
program or project focused on local business development, job creation or
workforce training.





 "PG&E supports organizations that are committed to creating local jobs and
training workers because they're making life better for their families, our
communities and California as a whole," said PG&E's Helen Burt, senior vice
president of external affairs and public policy.



 From left, PG&E's Rob Morse presents a $20,000 grant to Digital NEST. Also
pictured, second from left, are Watsonville Mayor Felipe Hernandez, Digital NEST
board chair Michelle Bassi and Jacob Martinez, founder and executive director of
the organization.



 The funding determinations for this grant program were competitive, with more
than 200 applications received. All applications were evaluated by a third party
that based its recommendations on a combination of factors, including the
strength of the plans presented, demonstrable links to job creation and
community need.



 The Northern Rural Communities Development, Inc. (NRCD) was selected as one of
this year's grant winners for the organization's high school and career
"train-the-trainer" classes on manufacturing technology, and identifying
potential manufacturing sites in Oroville.



 "This grant will help the Grow Manufacturing Initiative support and expand our
North State manufacturing sector, and support the next generation manufacturing
workforce," said Michael Cross, executive director of NRCD.



 Eligible grantees for this PG&E Corporation shareholder-funded program included
local government organizations, educational institutions and 501(c) 3 nonprofit
organizations within the company's 70,000-square-mile service area.



 Better Together Economic Vitality Grant Winners



     Fresno Community Development Financial Institution, Fresno. Training and
technical assistance for low-income entrepreneurs.



     San Joaquin County Office of Education, Stockton. Career Development
Training.



     Amador Community College Foundation, Sutter Creek. Career-building
opportunities for students.



     Mendocino Private Industry Council, Inc., Ukiah. Vocational training for
at-risk youth.

     Northern Rural Communities Development, Inc., Chico. Initiative to expand
the manufacturing industry.



     West Sacramento Foundation, West Sacramento. Job training for you in
engineering design and technology.



     Digital NEST, Watsonville. Ag-tech App development boot camp.



     Mission Community Services, San Luis Obispo. Support for entrepreneurs and
women-owned businesses.



     Center for Media Change, Inc. (d.b.a., Hack the Hood), Oakland. Tech
training for low-income youth.



     San Jose Conservation Corps & Charter School, San Jose. Turf conversion
training program for at-risk youth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Pacific Gas and Electric Company PG&E Awards $200,000 to Drive Job Creation in
California Communities

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:



  Local community vitality and economic development programs just received a
boost through PG&E's Better Together Giving Programs. PG&E is awarding a total
of $200,000 in Economic Vitality Grants to 10 worthy local community
organizations. Each organization will receive $20,000 to help grow a specific
program or project focused on local business development, job creation or
workforce training.





 "PG&E supports organizations that are committed to creating local jobs and
training workers because they're making life better for their families, our
communities and California as a whole," said PG&E's Helen Burt, senior vice
president of external affairs and public policy.



 From left, PG&E's Rob Morse presents a $20,000 grant to Digital NEST. Also
pictured, second from left, are Watsonville Mayor Felipe Hernandez, Digital NEST
board chair Michelle Bassi and Jacob Martinez, founder and executive director of
the organization.



 The funding determinations for this grant program were competitive, with more
than 200 applications received. All applications were evaluated by a third party
that based its recommendations on a combination of factors, including the
strength of the plans presented, demonstrable links to job creation and
community need.



 The Northern Rural Communities Development, Inc. (NRCD) was selected as one of
this year's grant winners for the organization's high school and career
"train-the-trainer" classes on manufacturing technology, and identifying
potential manufacturing sites in Oroville.



 "This grant will help the Grow Manufacturing Initiative support and expand our
North State manufacturing sector, and support the next generation manufacturing
workforce," said Michael Cross, executive director of NRCD.



 Eligible grantees for this PG&E Corporation shareholder-funded program included
local government organizations, educational institutions and 501(c) 3 nonprofit
organizations within the company's 70,000-square-mile service area.



 Better Together Economic Vitality Grant Winners



     Fresno Community Development Financial Institution, Fresno. Training and
technical assistance for low-income entrepreneurs.



     San Joaquin County Office of Education, Stockton. Career Development
Training.



     Amador Community College Foundation, Sutter Creek. Career-building
opportunities for students.



     Mendocino Private Industry Council, Inc., Ukiah. Vocational training for
at-risk youth.

     Northern Rural Communities Development, Inc., Chico. Initiative to expand
the manufacturing industry.



     West Sacramento Foundation, West Sacramento. Job training for you in
engineering design and technology.



     Digital NEST, Watsonville. Ag-tech App development boot camp.



     Mission Community Services, San Luis Obispo. Support for entrepreneurs and
women-owned businesses.



     Center for Media Change, Inc. (d.b.a., Hack the Hood), Oakland. Tech
training for low-income youth.



     San Jose Conservation Corps & Charter School, San Jose. Turf conversion
training program for at-risk youth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 18, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

News in brief DOVER-FOXCROFT: PARKMAN WOMAN HIRED AS COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT
SPECIALIST

SECTION: Pg. C3

LENGTH: 193 words


The Piscataquis County Economic Development Council has hired Sheila Grant of
Parkman as the council's community development specialist. The part-time
position was created through a USDA Rural Community Development Initiative grant
and matching PCEDC funds. "This is a big step for the PCEDC, and we're delighted
to have Sheila come on board," Mark Scarano, PCEDC executive director, said
Friday. Grant will assist communities with economic development initiatives,
improved tourism infrastructure and affordable housing issues. She also will
assist nonprofits in the region with capacity building and economic development
strategies. The Parkman resident has served as executive director of the
Dover-Foxcroft Affiliate of Literacy Volunteers, was a Piscataquis Observer
reporter, and most recently served as executive director of the Piscataquis
County Soil and Water Conservation District. Grant, a 2004 graduate of the
Penquis Leadership Institute, co-wrote the Piscataquis Region Cultural Heritage
Directory published by the Cultural Heritage Eco-tourism Committee and helped
produce the 2004 Southern Piscataquis County Chamber of Commerce Visitors Guide.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson, Nolan Announce USDA Grant Awarded to
Boost Rural Economic Development in Minnesota

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representatives Collin
Peterson and Rick Nolan, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded a grant to Minnesota's The Initiative Foundation. The USDA
awarded grants to 23 organizations to support rural and economic development
projects. The Initiative Foundation in Minnesota was selected for a $173,372
grant to provide training, technical assistance and financial support to 20
non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and skilled in business
development and job creation.





 "Minnesota's own The Initiative Foundation was chosen to receive this grant
because of its dedication to improving rural economies," said Klobuchar. "Our
nation's strength is anchored in our rural com unities. This grant will ensure
that The Initiative Foundation can continue to support the important job
creation and business development efforts of Minnesota's non-profits."



 "Investing in our rural com unities is good for Minnesota's overall economic
health and it's good for the entire country," said Franken. "And one of my top
priorities it to expand our workforce and get people the training they need for
middle-class, good-paying jobs. This new support will help create jobs and
economic opportunity in rural Minnesota."



 "Making investments in rural com unities and connecting important resources to
rural citizens is essential to keeping rural areas thriving," Peterson said.
"This grant will support job creation and benefit the rural economy."



 "Here in Minnesota's Eighth District, our rural economy depends on small
business development and job creation," Nolan said. "This grant for The
Initiative Foundation will help bolster our rural com unities by providing the
training, technical assistance and financial support needed to support these
important rural and economic development projects."



 The award is being provided through the Rural Community Development Initiative
(RCDI) program. RCDI helps com unity-based development organizations and other
groups promote economic development in low-incom , rural com unities. Awards are
provided to public or non-profit intermediaries that are locally-based and
skilled in business development and job creation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Camp Verde Journal (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2014

USDA offers grants for rural nonprofits

BYLINE: The Camp Verde Journal staff

LENGTH: 275  words


Alan Stephens, Arizona state director for U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development, is encouraging Arizona community development entities to submit
applications for USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative grants.

Nearly $6 million is available nationally for the grant program. The deadline
for submitting RCDI applications is Wednesday, Nov. 12.

The grants, which range from $50,000 to $250,000, are intended for qualified
intermediary organizations.

Those intermediaries will then use the funds to provide financial and technical
assistance to ultimate recipients so they can develop their capacity to
undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities or community
and economic development.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "These grants will
provide both of these components through local and regional organizations that
are experts at delivering such services."

Recipients must be nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grants. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

"This is a great opportunity for Arizona's rural areas to access grant funding
for community development," Stephens said.

For information on applying for the RCDI grant, contact USDA Rural Development
at (602) 280-8745.

"There was a real feeling of hope and prosperity. The government was shaping
up."

Deborah Strange

Former University Instructor in Kurdistan

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Camp Verde Journal


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Cottonwood Journal Extra (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2014

USDA offers grants for rural nonprofits

BYLINE: Cottonwood Journal Extra staff

LENGTH: 275  words


Alan Stephens, Arizona state director for U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development, is encouraging Arizona community development entities to submit
applications for USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative grants.

Nearly $6 million is available nationally for the grant program. The deadline
for submitting RCDI applications is Wednesday, Nov. 12.

The grants, which range from $50,000 to $250,000, are intended for qualified
intermediary organizations.

Those intermediaries will then use the funds to provide financial and technical
assistance to ultimate recipients so they can develop their capacity to
undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities or community
and economic development.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "These grants will
provide both of these components through local and regional organizations that
are experts at delivering such services."

Recipients must be nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grants. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

"This is a great opportunity for Arizona's rural areas to access grant funding
for community development," Stephens said.

For information on applying for the RCDI grant, contact USDA Rural Development
at (602) 280-8745.

"There was a real feeling of hope and prosperity. The government was shaping
up."

Deborah Strange

Former University Instructor in Kurdistan

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJX

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 Cottonwood Journal Extra


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday

Beshear at Center to announce $1 million in ARC grants for eastern Kentucky

BYLINE: Chris Harris, Commonwealth Journal, Somerset, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 993 words


Nov. 08--SOMERSET -- The Center for Rural Development will be at the forefront
of a new initiative designed to transform the way wealth is transferred in
eastern Kentucky.

Gov. Steve Beshear made a stop in Somerset only a day before Kentucky voters
decide whether or not to keep him in office. The purpose? To announce -- along
with Chris Girdler representing Congressman Hal Rogers, who was unable to attend
in person due to business in Washington -- over $1 million in grant money to
support the support the Appalachian Rural Development Philanthropy Initiative
(ARDPI).

"This investment is not in a  building or a road or a sewer line or some other
physical infrastructure," said the governor. "We're investing in something more
complex and far-reaching. Something more sustainable, (the impact of which) can
be exponentially much greater."

The initiative makes possible "the development of permanent, accessible
community foundations in Eastern Kentucky that will work to secure local assets
to provide long-term resources for their communities," according to the
governor's office.

What exactly does that mean? Les Fugate, COO for The Center, explained that it's
a way to help money that's donated philanthropically to be best distributed to
those areas and agencies that need it most.

"The Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) is investing in the development of
community foundations, (which are) essentially community savings accounts,"
Fugate told the Commonwealth Journal.

"A local community can capture some of the assets that are (already in it) and
reinvest that back in," he continued. "For instance, let's say there's someone
who really cares about their local community that has a passion for education.
They can create an endowment, leave some money in that endowment for education,
and the community itself would grant that money back out to whatever educational
initiative in the local community they want to invest in."

Keeping that money based at home is crucial, something which Beshear stressed.

"We all know about the talent and skill we lose from time to time with the
out-migration of young people from our state, and particularly from eastern
Kentucky," said Beshear. "Lesser attention is given to a simultaneous and
equally troubling loss: the migration of wealth, as the assets that have been
built up by families and businesses over the years migrate out. When that wealth
is inherited by a generation that has already left the community, it's unlikely
that it's going to be brought back into the community, either as a business
investment or philanthropic giving."

Beshear noted that studies have indicated there's indeed "quite a bit of such
private assets" in some of Kentucky's poorest counties -- and thus, an
opportunity for the individuals worth that money to make sure that some of it is
available through ARDPI.

The Center's role in all of this is to "provide overall strategic, planning,
education, and promotion of this initiative," said Beshear. The Center will be
providing ongoing technical support and training needs for all the partners
involved.

"The Center ... feels extremely fortunate to be a partner in ARDPI ... because
it fits right in with our mission, what we do each and every day, and that's
trying to improve the quality of life for the residents we serve," said Lonnie
Lawson, president and CEO of The Center.

"This initiative will help grow the economy of our region by allowing wealth
that is already here to remain here," he added. "It blends perfectly with ...
all the affiliate organizations that are located here, all the non-profits that
serve this entire region. The most exciting part of this effort is that it truly
empowers communities."

The ARC grants have a two-year cycle, and are worth $1,004,000 in total.

As many as 11 distressed Appalachian counties will benefit initially from ARDPI:
Bell, Clay, Elliott, Knott, Knox, Lawrence, Letcher, Lewis, Magoffin, Martin and
Whitley.

Pulaski County is not among them, at least not right now, as it isn't considered
economically "distressed." However, noted Fugate, "What we hope to do at The
Center is be able to take the knowledge base that we learn and eventually be
able to turn that back around and work in counties that aren't distressed.

"In year two (of the grant), The Center's going to pick up some additional
counties, and we know that some of the counties surrounding Pulaski are also
looking at this," said Fugate. "Don't worry, The Center won't let Pulaski County
be forgotten."

ARDPI's program work will include regional planning, training for communities,
development of an on-the-ground consultant program, and the use of mini-grants
to assist communities in planning for securing and leveraging local resources.

The Center for Rural Development specifically will get a $582,150 slice of the
million-dollar pie to implement its role in the initiative, along with several
other agencies: the Brushy Fork Institute in Berea, the Foundation for the
Tri-State Community in Ashland, and the Community Foundation of Hazard and Perry
County.

Beshear called ARDPI a "powerful community development tool." It seems that
communities were on Beshears' mind, as he spoke highly of Somerset and Pulaski
County, and praised Congressman Rogers, along with the county's state
legislators such as Tommy Turner and Terry Mills, for their work in bringing the
county to the point that it can be a leader rather than be in need.

"Let me say how excited I am to be in this community," said Beshear. "This whole
area has been developing vibrant economies even in the toughest of economic
times. I'm excited about the partnership I've been able to have with our local
officials here, both elected, business, community and economic development
folks. We've had a great partnership, and it's paid results."

___ (c)2011 the Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Ky.) Visit the Commonwealth
Journal (Somerset, Ky.) at somerset-kentucky.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111108-CG-Beshear-at-Center-to-announce-1-million-in-ARC-grants
-for-eastern-Kentucky-1108-20111108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CG


                      Copyright 2011 Commonwealth Journal


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI)

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Nov 12, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) awards grants to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.

Funds can be used for, but are not limited to, the following purposes:

Provide technical assistance and training on how to develop successful childcare
facilities
    Provide training on effective fundraising techniques
    Build organizational capacity through board training
    Develop training tools to be used by sub-grantees
    Train sub-grantees to conduct a program on homeownership education
    Train sub-grantees to conduct a program for minority business owners

Eligibility

Applicants must be qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and
community organizations, in accordance with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including
tribal) intermediary organizations.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,967,000
Award Ceiling: $250,000
Award Floor: $50,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     January 27, 2002 Sunday, Home Edition
                              Correction Appended

Politics splitting regional initiative

BYLINE: JANITA POE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 774 words


Over the past eight months, two factors have lurked unspoken behind the numerous
discussions of the Black Belt Initiative's plans to eradicate poverty in the
rural South.

Power and money.

The pair has been the driving force behind intense e-mail debates over how a
federal commission on the Southern Black Belt should operate, and what it should
do.

They have produced grandstanding at meetings in Atlanta and Tuskegee, Ala.

They have created alliances between like-minded people and groups: poor states,
large universities, rural agencies and big-city community development centers.

Many are worried that certain programs may never get funding if the commission
comes to pass.

"There is a huge amount at stake here," said Black Belt Initiative participant
James Ledbetter, a University of Georgia official who also works for U.S. Sen.
Zell Miller (D-Ga.), the most visible elected official supporting the group.

"The problems of the Black Belt have gotten worse over time. Now this group is
proposing to come together and do something about it." Political gamesmanship,
he said, will be intense.

The goal of helping the poor is central to all Black Belt Initiative
participants, many of them chiefs of funding-hungry development groups such as
the Georgia Community Development Association in Atlanta.

Running such agencies requires persistent networking, lobbying and grant
writing, tasks the high-profile, 11-state Black Belt commission would make
significantly easier.

By being involved in setting up such a commission, individuals and groups stand
to increase their visibility and reap hundreds of thousands of dollars a year
for their programs and organizations.

At a meeting of the Black Belt Initiative in Atlanta last week, there was a
split between UGA officials and participants who had worked on a project
detailing community development services available in the Black Belt region.

With $500,000 in funding from the federal government and from Macon businessman
Benjamin W. Griffith, UGA has begun a study of the area. But members of the
research group said UGA did not communicate with them about the study.

"The idea was that our research would raise the visibility of community-based
organizations in the Black Belt," said Ava Hopkins, a Birmingham community
organizer who co-chaired the research group.

"I'm concerned about the unilateral decision-making here. You don't come back
with a redefined scope of work and ignore what we've done." "While UGA says it
is operating in good faith, their actions have suggested they are making side
decisions," Hopkins said.

In his talks with fellow initiative members, UGA's Ledbetter said he has made it
clear he is not aligning with any specific interest.

His work on what participants call "the Miller study" is available as a
reference for the Black Belt Initiative and any others interested in investing
money in economic and community development in the Southeast, he said.

Ledbetter said he is concerned that divisions and developing alliances might
mean that no group gets the funding it needs to improve the quality of life in
the South's most impoverished counties.  "When there are competing interests
with competing constituencies," Ledbetter said, "that is a recipe, generally,
for getting nothing done." Despite the divisions and philosophical differences,
the Black Belt Initiative has managed to navigate through some thorny debates.
After disputes at meetings in both Tuskegee and Atlanta, for instance, the group
has managed to pull itself together and agree on some goals.

"Many of the people around this table have been engaged in this work for years,
some since the early '60s," said Alabaman Stephen Wilson, who was elected last
week to lead a steering committee for the group. "We've hashed things out, but
left stronger and determined that this is the solution."

A review of the Black Belt Initiative's latest roster --- there are
representatives from 11 states --- shows there are quite a few people at the
table, making it even more difficult to come to some consensus on issues. That
the various states and organizations have been able to work together so far
speaks to the common desire to develop

"People who are not able to contribute to society are a strong burden on the
state and nation," said Art Dunning, the associate UGA provost who, with
Tuskegee University, helped coordinate the eight months of Black Belt Initiative
research and meetings.

"The benefits of developing a successful public-private partnership are huge.
We're talking about turning around decades of persistent poverty."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 29, 2002

CORRECTION: A story in Sunday's News section about the Black Belt Initiative's
plans to eradicate poverty in the rural South dropped the last lines in the
third to last paragraph. The complete paragraph should have read: A review of
the Black Belt Initiative's latest roster --- there are representatives from 11
states --- shows there are quite a few people at the table, making it even more
difficult to come to some consensus on issues. That the various states and
organizations have been able to work together so far speaks to the common desire
to develop a powerful Black Belt alliance, participants said.

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Sen. Zell Miller (D-Ga.) has led efforts to gain help for the Southern Black
Belt Initiative.

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Costa Statement on President Trump's FY2018 Budget Blueprint

LENGTH: 1583  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Jim Costa has issued the following news release:



 Today, Rep. Jim Costa (CA-16) released the following statement on President
Donald Trump's FY2018 Budget Blueprint.



 "For someone who was elected with strong support from rural America, the
President's budget blueprint shows very little consideration for the people who
live in America's farming communities. Federal grants, like the Community
Development Block Grant and TIGER Grant, are critical funding streams for our
San Joaquin Valley, and President Trump wants to completely eliminate them.
Furthermore, the budget blueprint cuts the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) budget by 21 percent. The USDA oversees an array of programs, from
supporting Valley farmers, investing in rural development, increasing drought
resilience to managing forest cleanup and wildfire prevention.





 "By adding $54 billion in military spending and cutting core programs, like
those that ensure safe drinking water, provide protection from floods, fund
cancer research and invest in our children's education, the budget blueprint
shifts the fundamental way in which the federal government supports the American
people.  This proposal would prove to have negative consequences for the
majority of Americans, and in failing to address the main drivers of the federal
debt, it is not a serious outline to putting our country on a path forward for
fiscal sustainability."

 Summary of cuts in Budget Blueprint:

 Department of Agriculture



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $17.9 billion for USDA, a $4.7 billion or
21 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program: Provides funding for clean
drinking water, sanitary sewage disposal and storm-water drainage programs in
rural areas.

     Rural Business and Cooperative Service's discretionary programs: Provides
financial assistance for economic development programs in rural communities,
including renewable energy and biofuel initiatives.

     McGovern-Dole International Food for Education Program: Supports education,
child development and food security initiatives in low-income, food-deficit
countries around the world.



 Department of Commerce



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $7.8 billion for the Department of
Commerce, a $1.5 billion or 16 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Economic Development Administration: Provides grants and assistance to
create new jobs, retain businesses and stimulate growth in economically
distressed communities.

     Minority Business Development Agency: Promotes the growth of minority-owned
businesses through advocacy, policy, research and access to capital and
contracts.

     Manufacturing Extension Partnership: Regional centers that assist smaller,
U.S. manufacturing companies with adopting new technologies.



 Department of Education



 The President's 2018 Budget provides $59 billion in discretionary funding for
the Department of Education, a $9 billion or 13 percent reduction.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Supporting Effective Instruction State Grants: Provides grants to
non-profit organizations that recruit and provide professional enhancement for
teachers and principals.

     21st Century Community Learning Centers: Supports community learning
centers that provide before-and after-school programs for children, particularly
those in high-poverty areas.

     Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant: Provides need-based
grants of up to $4,000 to low-income undergraduates for postsecondary education.


     Striving Readers: Helps states fund literacy programs for children, birth
through grade 12, including those with disabilities and limited English.

     Teacher Quality Partnership: Funds initiatives aimed at improving the
quality of new teachers through better development and recruiting methods.

     Impact Aid Support Payments for Federal Property: Provides funding to
school districts that have a diminished tax base due to federal property
ownership in the district.



 Department of Energy



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $28.0 billion for DOE, a $1.7 billion or
5.6 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy: Provides funding and support to
short-term energy research projects aimed at improving the U.S. economy,
environment and national security.

     Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program: Provides loans to
support the use of new energy technology.

     Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program: Provides loans to
automotive and component manufacturers for facilities and engineering that
support advanced technology vehicles.

     Weatherization Assistance Program: Provides grants to local governments to
improve weatherization and energy efficiency of homes of low-income residents.

     State Energy Program: Supports local State Energy Offices in advancing
energy efficiency and infrastructure.



 Department of Health and Human Services



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $69.0 billion for HHS, a $15.1 billion or
17.9 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program: Provides assistance to low
income families to help pay for their home's energy bills and some
energy-related maintenance.

     Community Services Block Grant: Funds projects aimed at reducing poverty in
communities, including projects focused on education, nutrition, employment and
housing.



 Department of Housing and Urban Development



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $40.7 billion in gross discretionary
funding for HUD, a $6.2 billion or 13.2 percent decrease.



 Eliminates funding for the following programs:



     Community Development Block Grant Program: Funds programs that assist
low-income people with housing issues, including the elimination of urban blight
and other community programs.

     HOME Investment Partnerships Program: Provides block grants to state and
local governments to create affordable housing solutions for low-income
households.

     Choice Neighborhoods: Funds programs to replace distressed public housing
and promotes investment for neighborhood improvement.

     Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program: Funds nonprofit organizations
that build new housing for low-income families through sweat equity and
volunteer labor, like Habitat for Humanity.

     Section 4 Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordable
Housing: Works with nonprofit groups to fund community development and
affordable housing initiatives aimed at low-income families.



 Department of Labor



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $9.6 billion for the Department of Labor,
a $2.5 billion or 21 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Senior Community Service Employment Program: A community service and
work-based job training program for older Americans, including training for
low-income, unemployed seniors.

     Bureau of International Labor Affairs grant program: Provides funding for
research initiatives and projects in over 94 countries to combat child labor and
forced labor.

     Occupational Safety and Health Administration training grants: Provides
grants for training and education programs for employers and workers on the
prevention of safety and health hazards in the workplace.



 Department of Transportation



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $16.2 billion for DOT's discretionary
budget, a $2.4 billion or 13 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Federal support for Amtrak's long distance train services: Subsidizes the
cost of traveling on Amtrak's long-distance routes.

     Essential Air Service: Subsidizes airlines for regular flights to and from
small and midsize regional airports like those in the San Joaquin Valley.

     TIGER discretionary grant program: Provides transportation infrastructure
grants to state, local and tribal governments.



 Environmental Protection Agency



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $5.7 billion for the Environmental
Protection Agency, a savings of $2.6 billion, or 31 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Clean Power Plan: Creates national standards for carbon pollution from
power plants and helps states develop and deploy clean energy alternatives.

     International climate change programs: Promotes clean and efficient energy
technologies and the sharing of scientific climate research through multilateral
initiatives and treaties.

     Climate change research and partnership programs: Research and report on
climate change's impact on the U.S.

     Energy Star: Certifies and recognizes buildings and consumer products that
meet specific energy-efficiency criteria.

     Targeted Air Shed grants: Assists local and state air pollution control
agencies in developing plans and implementing projects to reduce air pollution
in highly polluted areas, like the San Joaquin Valley.



 Small Business Administration



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $826.5 million for SBA, a $43.2 million or
5.0 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     PRIME technical assistance grants: Provides training and technical
assistance to organizations that help disadvantaged entrepreneurs.

     Regional Innovation Clusters: Supports public-private partnerships
concentrated in regional groups to strengthen small businesses.

     Growth Accelerators: Funds startups that support underserved communities
and areas with less access to venture capital.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

Kuster Announces $250,000 Rural Community Development Initiative Grant to
Northern Forest Center

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Ann Mclane Kuster, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Representative Annie Kuster (NH-02) today announced that the Northern Forest
Center has received a $250,000 Rural Community Development Initiative Grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).  The Center will use the funding to
provide technical assistance to the Northern Community Investment Corporation
(NCIC) in support of NCIC's economic development services across the North
Country.  The grant will assist the Northern Forest Center and NCIC in improving
the food system network in the North Country.

"The Northern Forest Center and the Northern Community Investment Corporation
are doing phenomenal work helping to support economic growth and job creation in
an area of the state that really needs it," said Congresswoman Kuster.  "This
grant will help these two organizations improve the food system network in the
region, which will boost local economies and increase access to natural,
delicious foods grown right here in New Hampshire.   I congratulate the North
Forest Center on this grant award and thank them for all of their work on behalf
of economic development and sustainability in the North Country and around our
state."

"Our agricultural, tourism, and forest product businesses are so important to
the economy in northern New Hampshire and northeastern Vermont," said Rob Riley,
President of the Northern Forest Center. "This grant from USDA will enable the
Northern Forest Center and NCIC to continue providing support and innovation
services to these working lands businesses.  We value USDA Rural Development as
a key partner in this work, and are grateful their support."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Healthy Food Financing Initiative brings jobs and nutritious food to
low-income families

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued the
following news release:



 A new set of investments will allow organizations to create or expand
businesses that increase access to healthy food in low-income communities.





 The Community Economic Development-Healthy Food Financing Initiative
(CED-HFFI), funded by the Office of Community Services at HHS' Administration
for Children and Families, will award $7.4 million to 11 community-based
organizations to address the lack of healthy, nutritious food options in
low-income neighborhoods.



 CED-HFFI grants enable local, nonprofit and community development corporations
to apply for grant funding for up to $800,000 to improve access to healthy food
and reduce food deserts. Awardees use the funding to develop businesses, such as
grocery stores, farmers markets and food-distribution businesses that increase
access to healthy food options, especially in places where access to healthy
options is otherwise scarce.



 The Healthy Food Financing Initiative (HFFI) at HHS is just one component of an
interagency initiative that also involves the U.S. Treasury Department and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The goal of this interagency initiative
is to increase healthy food access by promoting a wide range of community
initiatives that expand the supply of and demand for nutritious foods, including
increasing the distribution of agricultural products, developing and equipping
grocery stores, and strengthening producer-to-consumer relationships. Both HHS
and Treasury have specific funds Congressionally-authorized and appropriated for
HFFI use. USDA's activities have focused on developing community-based solutions
using existing programs.



 The Treasury Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
(CDFI Fund) offers Healthy Food Financing Initiative Financial Assistance
(HFFI-FA) to financial institutions and community development organizations that
use these funds to spur efforts to improve access to healthy foods with local
grocers and retailers in urban and rural areas.



 Concurrently, one way USDA has been able to encourage nutritious purchasing
patterns is by providing $100 million for incentives at the point-of-sale for
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) participants to purchase more
fruits and vegetables in various venues, including farmers markets and retail
stores. Partner organizations and state governments joined in the effort by
providing matching funds meaning that $1 in SNAP benefits can purchase up to $2
in fruits and vegetables. The program, called the Food Insecurity Nutrition
Incentive program, awarded its first round of grants in the spring of 2015 and
awarded a second round of funding earlier this yearVisit disclaimer page.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Healthy Food Financing Initiative brings jobs and nutritious food to
low-income families

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued the
following news release:



 A new set of investments will allow organizations to create or expand
businesses that increase access to healthy food in low-income communities.





 The Community Economic Development-Healthy Food Financing Initiative
(CED-HFFI), funded by the Office of Community Services at HHS' Administration
for Children and Families, will award $7.4 million to 11 community-based
organizations to address the lack of healthy, nutritious food options in
low-income neighborhoods.



 CED-HFFI grants enable local, nonprofit and community development corporations
to apply for grant funding for up to $800,000 to improve access to healthy food
and reduce food deserts. Awardees use the funding to develop businesses, such as
grocery stores, farmers markets and food-distribution businesses that increase
access to healthy food options, especially in places where access to healthy
options is otherwise scarce.



 The Healthy Food Financing Initiative (HFFI) at HHS is just one component of an
interagency initiative that also involves the U.S. Treasury Department and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The goal of this interagency initiative
is to increase healthy food access by promoting a wide range of community
initiatives that expand the supply of and demand for nutritious foods, including
increasing the distribution of agricultural products, developing and equipping
grocery stores, and strengthening producer-to-consumer relationships. Both HHS
and Treasury have specific funds Congressionally-authorized and appropriated for
HFFI use. USDA's activities have focused on developing community-based solutions
using existing programs.



 The Treasury Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
(CDFI Fund) offers Healthy Food Financing Initiative Financial Assistance
(HFFI-FA) to financial institutions and community development organizations that
use these funds to spur efforts to improve access to healthy foods with local
grocers and retailers in urban and rural areas.



 Concurrently, one way USDA has been able to encourage nutritious purchasing
patterns is by providing $100 million for incentives at the point-of-sale for
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) participants to purchase more
fruits and vegetables in various venues, including farmers markets and retail
stores. Partner organizations and state governments joined in the effort by
providing matching funds meaning that $1 in SNAP benefits can purchase up to $2
in fruits and vegetables. The program, called the Food Insecurity Nutrition
Incentive program, awarded its first round of grants in the spring of 2015 and
awarded a second round of funding earlier this yearVisit disclaimer page.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Grow NM initiative takes aim at developing communities

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 349 words


ALBUQUERQUE - A new initiative, Grow New Mexico, launched in collaboration with
The Grants Collective. Grow New Mexico's mission is to help New Mexico
communities develop projects that improve the quality of life of their citizens.
This effort complements The Grants Collective's existing Talent Academy work to
train community grant writers and its Cooperative Network to better help
organizations collaborate and share resources.

Grow New Mexico's staff have extensive community development experience and
decades of government service. Terry Brunner, former State Director of USDA
Rural Development in New Mexico, will serve as the Chief Program Officer of the
Grow New Mexico project. Former senior White House official Phil Schiliro will
serve as the project's Senior Adviser.

"The Grow New Mexico project expands The Grants Collective's interest in New
Mexico community development assistance. Having Terry and Phil on board gives
New Mexico communities access to needed professional knowledge and experience
they might not otherwise get," said Tara Gohr, Co-Director of The Grants
Collective along with Erin Hielkema.

Grow New Mexico was developed to help enhance the current efforts of New Mexico
communities and community organizations to put together successful projects that
improve community quality of life. Grow New Mexico will provide one-on-one
technical assistance and project development to grow the capacity around
transformational projects. Projects may include community centers, educational
facilities, libraries, community redevelopment, health facilities, broadband and
other areas of interest. These services will be provided for free or at low cost
in areas of the state with the greatest need.

"We've seen up close the challenges New Mexico communities have in accessing the
funds and expertise they need to make projects happen and to fulfill their
community vision. Grow New Mexico is ready to assemble the missing pieces for
communities and help them reach their project goals. We believe, over time, this
will have a major impact on New Mexico communities," Brunner said.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2017 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 27, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Atlanta picked as pilot ;
 Rebuilding: A $ 400,000 grant will go toward recruiting workers for inner- city
revitalization.

BYLINE: S.A. Reid, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: CityLife Atlanta (Extra); Pg. 1JD

LENGTH: 483 words

The Atlanta Neighborhood Development Partnership will add $ 400,000 to its
coffers under a national initiative to recruit 1,000 new staff and volunteers to
help rebuild low-income communities.

The grant is part of a plan by the Washington-based National Congress for
Community Economic Development to dole out $ 8 million during the next five
years.

Atlanta is the site of one of 10 pilot programs in 13 communities nationwide
being funded by NCCED through its new Human Capital Development Initiative, a
campaign to attract attention and recruits to the growing field of community
economic development.

"More and more people --- from community activists, to academics, to business
people and bankers --- are coming to recognize community economic development as
an important industry," Hattie Dorsey, ANDP's executive director, said in a
statement. "Demographic shifts, environmental issues, traffic and the backlash
against urban sprawl are giving new impetus to redeveloping and revitalizing
inner-city neighborhoods in cities all over the country."

Strengthening Atlanta-area community development corporations is part of ANDP's
holistic approach to revitalization.

Community development corporations, nonprofit organizations that work to
redevelop urban and rural communities, have built more than 555,000 units of
affordable housing, created more than 240,000 jobs and lent $ 1.9 billion to
small businesses, according to NCCED.

The community development industry has seen explosive growth nationwide,
particularly in the number of CDCs. Figures from NCCED, a trade association for
the community development field, show a 64 percent increase since 1994.

"This is a pretty sizable grant in a field like this," said Roy Priest, NCCED
president.

"It just shows the increased need for the kinds of services this organization
provides these communities."

ANDP will use the money to continue its paid community development fellowship
and internship program. The program, which will graduate its first class in
June, targets local residents, college students or career changers.

"A steady supply of people interested and qualified to work in this growing
field is crucial to building on the successes neighborhood-based groups have
been able to wring from previously abandoned neighborhoods," Dorsey said.

Marie Cowser, an Old Fourth Ward resident, welcomes the opportunity to get paid
for the community work she has come to love. Cowser is completing an ANDP
fellowship with the Historic District Development Corp.

"(The initiative is) a wonderful thing, and I think it's great that it's
happening," she said.

"There are a lot of people out there who have the eye and the passion to do
community development."

Other initiative locations are Boston, California, Chicago, Cleveland, St. Paul,
Minn., North Carolina, Pacific Northwest, Philadelphia and Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Grants for community based groups

BYLINE: By NELLIE SETEPANO

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 541 words


SUSU Mamas drop in centre is among the first lot of organisations to express its
interest in seeking grants from a project called Strongim Pipol Strongim Nesen
(SPSN) launched yesterday.

Susu Mama Inc was given an expression of interest form from the newly
established group because it (Susu Mamas Inc) is an example of one of the many
community based groups that are targeted under the grant initiative program.

The community development initiative is an AusAid funded program working in
partnership with the government of PNG.

An amount of A$100 million has been allocated by AidAID for a year to provide
grants to organizations.

The goals of SPSN is to enable civil society, together with the state and others
to better meet the needs and priorities of men, women and children in
communities across PNG.

SPSN will support activities that apply and promote democratic governance
principles of participation, equality, transparency, accountability, responsive
and legitimacy.

Using community based, demand driven-approaches, SPSN targets improvements in
maternal and child health, basic education and non-formal adult education,
HIV/AIDS, gender equity including violence against women and women's economic
empowerment. It will also target disability and social inclusion.

Minister for Community Development Dame Carol Kidu who was present said the
launch was about acknowledging partnership, participation and relationships and
progress towards coming age of those relationships. (Australia and PNG)

Dame Carol said SPSN is supporting the implementation of integrated community
development policy through direct support to the Department of Community
Development (DfCD) and increasing community level participation through DfDC's
community learning and development centre network.

"People in communities nationwide need literacy and skills to enhance their
income generating opportunities, respond to community changes, and improve their
quality of life.

Through supporting the department's network of district focal points and
community learning and development centres we are ensuring an integral approach
at the village level, with government and civil society working together to meet
community needs," the minister said.

The minister noted that SPNS is development from the lessons of its predecessor
programs, Community Development Scheme (CDS) and Democratic Governance
Transitional Program (DGTP).

Its core strategy is community empowerment through the building of capacities of
NGOs and CSO involved in community development processes so that these
organizations become effective mechanisms for service delivery.

Dame Carol also commended the SPSN support for the safe motherhood alliance,
dedicated to improving maternal health outcomes in PNG.

She said the success of SPSN will be measured by the impact it will make in
rural and marginalized communities and the improvement capacity and competences
of key agency staff at the provincial district administration.

"This program should be done using the existing systems and structures of the
national, provincial, district and local level government agencies.

This approach will enhance effectiveness and support the development priorities
of the government of PNG," she told those witnessing the launch.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

SUNY Cobleskill Receives $749,000 USDA Grant to Support Regional Development and
Education

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: State University of New York College of Agriculture and Technology at
Cobleskill has issued the following news release:



  With the USDA funding, SUNY Cobleskill will work with regional partners to
increase access to agriculture-related higher education, improve college
completion rates, expand applied learning opportunities, support agricultural
businesses, and pursue economic and community development opportunities. The
grant will help SUNY Cobleskill expand pathways for students to enter a broad
spectrum of rewarding careers in agriculture.





 "I have witnessed firsthand the important work being done at SUNY Cobleskill to
advance agricultural research, new learning opportunities, and regional economic
development," said U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, the first New York Senator
to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This federal
funding will accelerate Cobleskill's innovative initiatives and create
opportunities for future farmers, growers, and entrepreneurs throughout the
region."



 "The time is right for SUNY Cobleskill to lead this transformative effort,"
said SUNY Cobleskill President Marion A. Terenzio. "These initiatives will bring
new energy and critical support to our rural communities while providing SUNY
Cobleskill students with immersive real-world learning opportunities. This is an
exciting time for the College and our many community partners."



 Some of the work is already under way, such as SUNY Cobleskill becoming a New
York State certified Farm and Food Business Incubator and the recently launched
BOCES AgPTECH partnership in Johnstown. With the grant funding, SUNY Cobleskill
will work to expand the teaching of college-level agriculture courses in
regional high schools, improve agricultural outreach in urban areas, and assist
county and town stakeholders with economic development plans, among other
activities. A new partnership with Albany Law School will provide legal
assistance for agricultural entrepreneurs and business owners.



 These initiatives will provide partnership opportunities for local communities
and organizations to combine their resources and expertise with the College in
revitalizing the economies of rural New York. At the same time, the alignment of
academic programs with community development initiatives will create boundless
opportunities for applied learning and research for SUNY Cobleskill students and
faculty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

SUNY Cobleskill Receives $749,000 USDA Grant to Support Regional Development and
Education

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: State University of New York College of Agriculture and Technology at
Cobleskill has issued the following news release:



  With the USDA funding, SUNY Cobleskill will work with regional partners to
increase access to agriculture-related higher education, improve college
completion rates, expand applied learning opportunities, support agricultural
businesses, and pursue economic and community development opportunities. The
grant will help SUNY Cobleskill expand pathways for students to enter a broad
spectrum of rewarding careers in agriculture.





 "I have witnessed firsthand the important work being done at SUNY Cobleskill to
advance agricultural research, new learning opportunities, and regional economic
development," said U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, the first New York Senator
to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "This federal
funding will accelerate Cobleskill's innovative initiatives and create
opportunities for future farmers, growers, and entrepreneurs throughout the
region."



 "The time is right for SUNY Cobleskill to lead this transformative effort,"
said SUNY Cobleskill President Marion A. Terenzio. "These initiatives will bring
new energy and critical support to our rural communities while providing SUNY
Cobleskill students with immersive real-world learning opportunities. This is an
exciting time for the College and our many community partners."



 Some of the work is already under way, such as SUNY Cobleskill becoming a New
York State certified Farm and Food Business Incubator and the recently launched
BOCES AgPTECH partnership in Johnstown. With the grant funding, SUNY Cobleskill
will work to expand the teaching of college-level agriculture courses in
regional high schools, improve agricultural outreach in urban areas, and assist
county and town stakeholders with economic development plans, among other
activities. A new partnership with Albany Law School will provide legal
assistance for agricultural entrepreneurs and business owners.



 These initiatives will provide partnership opportunities for local communities
and organizations to combine their resources and expertise with the College in
revitalizing the economies of rural New York. At the same time, the alignment of
academic programs with community development initiatives will create boundless
opportunities for applied learning and research for SUNY Cobleskill students and
faculty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 1995 University of Memphis Law Review
                      The University of Memphis Law Review

                                  Spring, 1995

                            25 U. Mem. L. Rev. 1265

LENGTH: 10178 words

ARTICLE: A Brief History and Assessment of Federal Rural Development Programs
and Policies

NAME: Donald E. Voth *

BIO:



   * Professor of Rural Sociology, University of Arkansas.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The so-called "agricultural crisis" of the early 1980s spawned a renewed
interest in rural policy, or rural development policy, at both state and federal
levels. ...  Several other significant developments of the 1970s were the formal
assignment of "lead responsibility" for rural development in the USDA to the
FmHA by the Carter administration, the re-emergence of "the new federalism,"
revenue sharing, the folding of many categorical grant programs into several
"block grant" programs, and finally, the very considerable reduction of funding
available for rural (and urban too, for that matter) development programs. ...
The USDA's role in the EZ/EC initiative is indicative of the Clinton
administration's rural policy and rural development policy preferences under
Secretary Espy. ...  On the one hand, it could result in another form of
"agricultural fundamentalism," which simply reasserts the conventional
definition of the USDA family's responsibility for rural areas to be exclusively
agricultural, but now as "sustainable" and "alternative" agriculture. ...  It
is, in large part, the result of this progressive co-opting of rural policy and
USDA institutions by commercial agricultural and commodity interests which
explains the evident absence of a coherent rural or rural development policy in
the United States. ...

TEXT:
 [*1265]

    I. Introduction

    The so-called "agricultural crisis" of the early 1980s
 [*1266]  spawned a renewed interest in rural policy, or rural development
policy, at both state and federal levels. One of the most recent expressions of
this interest is the recently released GAO report, which evaluates and makes
recommendations for the improvement of federal rural development initiatives.
n1

    This is merely the latest in a number of phases of intense interest in the
well-being of rural people in the United States and the potential of federal
action to ameliorate those conditions. Although it has not received extensive
treatment, the history of rural policy or rural development policy has been
discussed briefly by Nelson,  n2 Rasmussen,  n3 Freshwater,  n4 Buttel and
Gillespie,  n5 and, at somewhat greater length, by Osbourn.  n6 Rasmussen
provides perhaps the best brief account. It is especially useful because he
provides a chronological chart of the variety of federal rural development
initiatives from as early as 1880 to 1982 and, as much as possible, eschews
interpretation or selection in his coverage.

    The interpretations of federal rural and rural development policy are,
however, at least as interesting as the basic "facts" of the case. At least two
points are at issue, on both of which the conventional wisdom is, in my view,
fundamentally wrong.  First, there is the view that federal rural or rural
development
 [*1267]  policy is a relatively recent phenomenon. Osbourn says, "The idea of a
national rural policy is fairly new in American history . . . ."  n7 This
completely disregards the fact that extant relationships between the federal
government and states and localities were literally invented in the various
agencies of the USDA family, which date back to at least as early as 1862, when
both the USDA and the Land Grant System were first established. The early rural
programs which emerged from the Country Life Commission of 1908, specifically
the Tennessee Valley Authority,  n8 forged mechanisms whereby the federal
government could play a role in ameliorating the perceived disadvantaged
conditions found in rural America.  n9 Second is the view that the institutions
that were forged to respond to these perceived rural disadvantages were forged
for, and fundamentally belong to, agriculture, or, as is now stated, "the food
and fiber industry." Holding this view, which is the conventional wisdom within
the USDA family itself, Osbourn concluded that it was the narrowly conceived
concerns about agriculture and farmers, and not rural areas and/or rural people,
that dominated the original programs and policies of the USDA, the Land Grant
System, Rural Electrification, etc.  n10 So she finds it surprising that the
Country Life Commission of 1908, which paved the way for many of the USDA
family's institutions and programs, placed equal emphasis upon broad issues of
the quality of life in rural areas.  n11

    Simply put, the conventional wisdom holds that United States rural and rural
development policy originated strictly as
 [*1268]  agricultural policy, that it was allowed to focus primarily upon
supporting agriculture or the "food and fiber industry" until relatively
recently, when, among other things, concerns about the well-being of rural
people were imposed upon it. Thus, as Osbourn correctly points out, rural
development only became a separate program area within the USDA in 1955.  n12 My
own interpretation is quite different. It is that repeated concerns about
perceived disadvantage and lagging development in rural areas led to what were,
in the early phases, quite radical initiatives of federal involvement in local
affairs. These included the very establishment of the USDA and the Land Grant
system, both of which happened during the Civil War when states' rights
opposition to federal involvement from the South was neutralized, federal
agencies with offices in every county, "block grants" before the term had been
invented, and, perhaps most importantly, the pattern of federal assistance and
intervention touted by David Lilienthal as "Democratic Administration."  n13 In
the 1860s, the early 1900s, and the 1930s, when the basic structure of these
institutions was forged, it just happened that most rural people were farmers.
Hence, the major focus in ameliorating rural conditions was agriculture and
farming.

    These institutions and programs were subsequently progressively co-opted by
commercial agricultural interests, by the agri-business interests associated
with commercial agriculture, and, more recently, by agriculturally related
"industries." These "industries" are intent upon benefitting from public
investments in the development of increasingly more sophisticated agricultural
production technology to the detriment of the USDA family's commitment to the
well-being of rural people.

    Three things are fundamental about this interpretation of rural development
policy in the United States. First, in sharp contrast to the conventional view
articulated by Osbourn, concern about rural well-being was central, not
peripheral, to the
 [*1269]  history of federal policy vis-a-vis local affairs in the United
States. What David Lilienthal celebrated as his invention of "democratic
administration"  n14 --the use of federal institutions and resources to
"develop" rural areas of the United States with active involvement of the
affected publics, a pattern used by virtually all USDA programs and agencies,
including, of course, the state-administered Land Grant system--was invented for
rural development. Second, it was the progressive loss of commitment to an
effective rural policy and, incidentally, the cumulating evidence that
agricultural policies and programs not only did not benefit rural areas, but
were to a significant extent responsible for the very problems found in rural
areas which, finally in 1955, led to the need to re-articulate a rural policy
and USDA responsibility for rural development by the specific definition of
rural development during the Eisenhower administration.

    What is displayed, then, is a perverse hegemony in the relationship between
the USDA, the committee structure in Congress, and even--to a significant
extent--the Land Grant System. This perverse hegemony claims jurisdiction over
rural and rural development policy but systematically repudiates support for
rural development in favor of commercial agricultural and commodity interests
when the chips are down. Further, failing that, it insists that the best and
only appropriate rural development policy is agricultural commodity policy.

    This argument for the soul of the USDA family is inherent in recent
developments such as the appointment of Mike Espy as the Secretary of
Agriculture and in the reorganization of the Department in Espy's resignation.
Espy was a strong supporter of Rural Development. One of the more blunt
statements concerning what founders intended the soul of the Land Grant System
to be about was that made by George McDowell at a conference on the future of
the USDA and the Land Grant System in 1991:

    The Land-Grant mission and purpose was NOT primar-  [*1270]  ily
agricultural or even rural. The Land-Grant colleges were an experiment in
democracy. As the separate functions of teaching, research, and extension
evolved, they were to democratize our society, NOT JUST TO IMPROVE AGRICULTURE.
Justin Morrill reflected on the teaching function of the Land-Grant Colleges in
1887, twenty-five years after the Morrill-Wade Act establishing them, the same
year as the Hatch Act.

    "The Land-Grant colleges were founded on the idea that a higher and broader
education should be placed in every State within reach of those whose destiny
assigns them to, or who may have the courage to choose industrial vocations
where the wealth of nations is produced. It would be a mistake to suppose it was
intended that every student should become either a farmer or a mechanic when the
design comprehended not only instruction for those who may hold a plow or follow
a trade, but such instruction as any person might need . . . and without the
exclusion of those who might prefer to adhere to the classics."

    Thus the Land-Grant colleges were not originally agricultural colleges, but
people's colleges, though many of the people without access to college were
engaged in agriculture. They were to make our democracy better by providing
higher education to the sons and daughters of ordinary citizens.

    They were democratic in another way that is perhaps more significant than
who was to have access to the classrooms. For the first time in history, the
problems of ordinary people were the subject of scholarship and science.  The
scholarly agenda was democratized--the development of the Babcock milk test was
both a scientific act and a political act. The Integrated Pest Management
science is both fine science and relevant politics.

    The Smith-Lever Act and the Extension Service were established to further
democratize our society. With the inception of the Extension Service, the three
functions were complete. The USDA-Land-Grant system was to 1) teach the sons and
daughters of ordinary people in its classrooms; 2) study their problems in the
laboratories and field plots; and 3) provide functional education to even
 [*1271]  those who could not qualify, nor wanted, to be in the classroom.  n15



    II. Major Phases of Federal Rural Development Policy

    There are clear phases in attention to the well-being of rural areas in the
United States. Each has resulted in major studies documenting rural conditions
and in some kind of program and policy response. These phases include an early
phase ranging from the Civil War until the beginning of the nineteenth century,
the Great Depression and the New Deal Era, and the post-World-War-II period up
until the 1980s. The current phase starts, more or less, with the agricultural
and rural crises of the early 1980s.

    A. USDA, The Morrill Act, and The Country Life Commission

    The first period of what was apparently strong interest in rural development
extended from the Civil War until the turn of the century and is characterized
by at least three major events: the establishment of the USDA;  n16 the passage
of the Morrill Act  n17 in 1862; and Theodore Roosevelt's Country Life
Commission of 1908,  n18 which was led by Liberty Hyde Bailey of Cornell
University. The Morrill Act, significantly passed during the Civil War when
Southern opposition to federal initiatives was excluded, signified an initial
step toward federal involvement in local affairs. The Country Life Commission
Report, forty years later, is the major document characterizing rural
conditions, and it laid the groundwork for special pro-  [*1272]  grams and
policies focusing upon rural areas that followed.  During the ten years
following, a whole series of its recommendations were enacted, including a
parcel post system for rural areas, a postal saving system, the Smith-Lever Act
establishing the Cooperative Extension Service of 1914, and a land bank credit
system.  n19 As Osbourn acknowledged, many of the Commission's recommendations
were for programs to help rural residents in general, rather than merely for the
"industry" of agriculture.  n20 And, of course, the Commission concerned itself
with rural conditions broadly conceived. It should also be noted that the rise
of populism, agrarian unrest, and even agrarian violence surely played a role in
the concern that America's political elite had about rural conditions during
this early period and in their efforts to respond to those conditions.

    B. The Great Depression

    The second period of intense concern about rural development was, of course,
the Great Depression and the New Deal Era of the 1930s. A wide variety of
agencies and programs emerged during this era, including the Farm Security
Administration (FSA);  n21 its rural and agricultural programs, which later
became the Farmers' Home Administration (FmHA);  n22 the "New Community"
programs; the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)  n23 and the creation of
federal/local partnership via "Democratic Administration"; the Rural
Electrification Administration;  n24 and the broad outlines of agricultural
commodity programs and policies which ultimately emerged from the Agri-  [*1273]
cultural Adjustment Acts of 1933  n25 and 1938.  n26 Thanks to the employment of
eminent social scientists by various government agencies during this period,
rural conditions were extensively documented in the 1940 Yearbook of
Agriculture,  n27 a large tome whose authors include a virtual "Who's Who" list
of eminent American social scientists. There is no better witness to the breadth
of concern about the well-being of rural people than informed policymaking
during this period.

    C. Post-War Rural Development Initiatives: The Rise and Fall of Rural
Development

    Another period of intense concern about rural development started in the
mid-to-late 1950s, when attention again turned to the fact that rural areas had
not recovered from the effects of the war as rapidly as urban areas. This period
lasted until the late 1970s, when a combination of the "rural renaissance,"
environmentalism, and the retirement of key players--especially utility
companies and the Land Grant System--from interest in rural development ended
it.  n28

    Several significant things characterized the early post-war rural
development initiatives. First, this marked the point, initially in 1955, when
USDA agencies acknowledged rural development as a separate program area. In the
Cooperative Extension Service (CES),  n29 for example, program areas had
included agriculture, home economics, and youth programs. Now, rural development
was added to the list. Second, the CES was given "lead responsibility" for rural
development within the USDA family. A variety of organizational forms was
devised for supporting rural development at the community or county level
 [*1274]  and for stimulating USDA agencies to collaborate in supporting the
rural development programs. Rasmussen describes these developments as follows:

    Within the USDA, rural development programs, administered by Under Secretary
True D. Morse, were largely decentralized, with emphasis upon State and county
action in 50 designated pilot counties and areas. The Cooperative Extension
Service served as the major leader in program development, with the programs
themselves carried out by a number of Federal and local agencies.
Representatives of local agencies, USDA and other Federal agencies, and
community leaders were organized into Rural Development Committees. By September
1960, under the leadership of these committees, rural development work was
planned or underway in 262 counties in 30 States and Puerto Rico.  n30



    Third, a community and/or regional development strategy emerged as the core
strategy for rural development. Initially, during the Republican administration,
this was a relatively inexpensive, self-help community development strategy. It
focused heavily upon locally-based self-help and leadership development, with
staffing and support from CES and other USDA agencies. Initially there were some
fifty of the poorest rural counties included in the program of "pilot" rural
development counties and rural development areas; subsequently, the program was
expanded to all rural counties. It resulted in the organization of county or
community development councils or committees in hundreds of counties, involving
large numbers of local leaders in extensive study, planning, and implementation
activities, and laid much of the groundwork for the more formal planning
efforts, proposal writing, etc. that was necessary when the democratic
administration launched its anti-poverty and rural development programs in the
1960s.  n31

    Under the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, this com-  [*1275]  munity
development strategy was retained, but it was rapidly transformed as federal
categorical grant programs became available, resulting in heavy federal
involvement in local affairs and detailed federal requirements and guidelines.

    During the Democratic administrations, USDA leadership for rural development
tended toward the FmHA rather than the CES and even toward non-USDA agencies
like the new Economic Development Administration and the Office of Economic
Opportunity. Key examples of federal programs were the various public facility
and housing programs of the Farmers' Home Administration. Examples of federal
funding and federal intrusion were the Community Action Agencies (CAAs) and the
Community Action Programs (CAPs) and their mandated "maximum feasible
participation of the poor" and the creation, under the new Economic Development
Administration of the Department of Commerce, of federally funded regional rural
development quasi-governments in the form of Planning and Development Districts,
now widely known as Economic Development Districts. Of course, the Appalachian
Regional Commission, as well as a set of similar regional commissions elsewhere
(e.g., the Ozarks Regional Commission), was established during this time, all to
stimulate and support rural development.

    The major documents characterizing rural well-being in this period were the
classic study of rural poverty prepared for the President's National Advisory
Commission on Rural Poverty in 1967, the Commission's full report, entitled
Rural Poverty in the United States,  n32 and its recommendations, entitled The
People Left Behind,  n33 and several assessments of rural socioeconomic
conditions prepared for Congress in the early 1970s.  n34

    The 1970s saw a brief "Rural Renaissance," the initial rise of
environmentalism and concern about the negative impacts of
 [*1276]  rural industrialization and a tendency to withdraw from rural economic
development, especially by state agencies, utility companies, and, of course,
the Land Grant System. The Rural Development Act of 1972, however, expanded FmHA
programs considerably, and, for a short period of time, stimulated joint efforts
by the CES and the state Agricultural Experiment Stations to engage in targeted
rural development programs in their respective states, an activity that was
judged to have been quite successful and cost relatively little. However, as
soon as explicit earmarking of funds for rural development by the USDA through
the CES and AES ended, most of these programs were abandoned by the Land Grant
System.

    Another relatively inexpensive and arguably effective result of the 1972
Rural Development Act  n35 was the establishment of the Regional Rural
Development Centers, including the Southern Rural Development Center at
Mississippi State University, the North Central Center for Rural Development at
Iowa State University, the North Central Rural Development Center at
Pennsylvania State University, and the Western Rural Development Center at
Oregon State University. These centers continue to operate as, in many respects,
unique advocates of rural development linking land grant universities, the USDA,
and various other agencies with an interest in rural development and do it with
combined USDA resources in the range of about $ 500,000 per year.

    Several other significant developments of the 1970s were the formal
assignment of "lead responsibility" for rural development in the USDA to the
FmHA by the Carter administration, the re-emergence of "the new federalism,"
revenue sharing, the folding of many categorical grant programs into several
"block grant" programs, and finally, the very considerable reduction of funding
available for rural (and urban too, for that matter) development programs. This
process began under the Carter administration but was accelerated under the
Reagan administration.
 [*1277]

    D. The Agricultural Crisis of the 1980s to the Present

    The current phase of interest in rural development was stimulated initially
by (1) the agricultural crisis of the early 1980s, (2) the general crisis of the
rural economy that was a concomitant of that crisis, (3) the massive withdrawal
and paralysis of the federal government, and (4) dramatic changes in the United
States economy. It is sustained into the present by continuing evidence of
significant rural disadvantage on a variety of indicators, especially among some
segments of the rural population. Generally speaking, the federal response has
been timid. It has included extensive assessment and study of rural conditions
and of rural development programs in the USDA, and the production of many papers
and documents. In terms of actual programming, however, it includes only (1) the
President's (Bush) Rural Development Initiative, (2) Congressional efforts to
pass rural development legislation, which resulted in 100 pages of rural
development provisions, virtually none of which were funded, being
unceremoniously dumped into the 1990 Farm Bill when discussion about
agricultural commodity interests took center stage in 1990, and (3) subsequent
initiatives of the Clinton administration. Finally, of course, extensive
discussion and debate has already begun, targeted upon the 1995 Farm Bill,
apparently under the assumption that, now that the federal rural development
provisions are in the Farm Bill, that is where they will be again in 1995.

    The Presidential Initiative on Rural Development emerged during the Bush
presidential campaign and apparently is the first presidential articulation of a
rural development strategy during a campaign.  n36 It involved the establishment
of a temporary Working Group on Rural Development in the Economic Policy
Council, a temporary national Rural Policy Council, and, subsequently, the
establishment, first on a pilot basis, of State Rural Development Councils. Some
forty of these State Rural
 [*1278]  Development Councils have been established, and the Clinton
administration has apparently decided to continue to support this approach. The
function of these Councils is to approach rural development at the state level
in a comprehensive fashion, involving and coordinating the activities of all
major federal, state, and local actors, including the private sector, and to
stimulate a process of strategic planning for rural development at the state
level. The USDA provides a small amount of funding for the staffing of each
state, which establishes an acceptable Council structure.

    The 1990 Farm Bill included 100 pages of rural development provisions, which
were the result of a wide variety of initiatives proposed by the Senate and the
House and which were quite inelegantly combined and included in the Farm Bill.
The major provisions were (1) the establishment of a Rural Development
Administration (RDA) and the allocation of a significant portion of the programs
of the FmHA to RDA; (2) the creation of state Rural Economic Development Review
Panels and Rural Investment Partnerships designed to turn control over
significant federal USDA resources targeted at the states and rural areas to
state-level management and administration; (3) a series of titles dealing with
water and waste treatment facilities, distance learning and medical service
delivery, rural business and emergency assistance, and rural electrification
provisions; and (4) Rural Revitalization through the Forestry program, to be
focused upon forest-dependent communities. There was also a provision for the
establishment of cooperative and technology development centers.

    Virtually none of these provisions was funded initially, with the exception
of the distance learning and medical service delivery program. The USDA moved to
establish the RDA, even without funding, against opposition from some members of
Congress. Regional RDA offices were established but have since been abolished.
n37 Some funds have been appropriated for
 [*1279]  cooperative and technology development centers. Apparently some states
have proceeded with efforts to establish State Rural Economic Development Review
Panels. However, this initiative seems to have been overshadowed by the State
Rural Development Councils, which, in contrast to the Review Panels, have no
authority over the disposition of federal rural development funds in the states
(e.g., FmHA funds).

    III. Summary and Assessment of Rural Development Programs Currently in Place


    Thus, there has been intense interest in and discussion about rural
development since the early 1980s. At the state level and among some private
sector groups, there has been some action.  n38 As pointed out above, so far
there has been little that is new at the federal level.

    What, then, can be said of the rural development programs that actually
exist? They have been intensively reviewed and evaluated, most recently in the
July GAO report.  n39 Based upon the comprehensive inventory and summary of
rural development programs performed previously by the GAO in 1989  n40
 [*1280]  and case study interviews in thirty-one counties in thirteen states,
the report evaluated current rural development programs.

    The 1989 GAO study found a total of eighty-eight programs that could be
categorized, in the broadest sense, as being related to rural development. Among
those, about $ 29 billion was available in 1987 to both rural and non-rural
counties: $ 4.2 billion classified as economic development, $ 84 million as
agriculture and natural resources; $ 11.1 billion as infrastructure, and $ 13.7
billion as human resource related. The study observed that (1) relatively few of
even these programs pursue rural development as a primary objective but that (2)
a number of the existing programs are extremely important to rural America since
they are, or at least can be, targeted to meet the major needs rural areas have.
According to this report, the USDA has the most experience of any federal agency
in working with rural areas. Hence, the GAO concluded that rural development
responsibility should continue to reside there.  n41

    The 1994 study concluded that three factors--"distance from metropolitan
areas, reliance on a single, often naturalresource industry, and sparse
population"--are the major factors that inhibit economic growth in rural areas.
n42 However, of the many factors affecting rural community well-being, it
concluded that the quality of local leadership was probably the most important.
Four problems rural areas have in using rural development programs are
identifying sources of assistance, understanding the programs' rules and
regulations, learning the intricacies of the application processes, and,
finally, reconciling inconsistencies and conflicts among rules and regulations
of the various programs.  n43 The study stated, "Many of the problems . . .
occur because numerous narrowly focused federal programs are a weak substitute
for an integrated federal ap-  [*1281]  proach to fostering economic development
in rural America."  n44 Finally, it criticized federal agencies for having done
"little to analyze the impact of their programs on a rural area's development."
n45 The measures that do exist are measures of inputs and not of impacts.  n46

    Consistent with its critique, the study recommended that Congress should
follow a two-part strategy: make short-term changes in the way federal
assistance is delivered and then develop a more comprehensive and cohesive
federal strategy.  The short-term strategy would focus primarily upon achieving
greater complementarity and coordination among the various narrowly defined
rural development initiatives.

    IV. Clinton Administration Initiatives

    Several of the items discussed here are not rural development programs or
policies per se; however, in the Clinton administration's approach to dealing
with the problems of lagging areas and communities, it seems clear that the
administration will focus upon a community development strategy generally
applicable to both rural and urban communities.

    In June 1993, President Clinton announced Community Economic Development
initiatives that included mechanisms for stimulating community development
financing and proposed revisions of the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) of
1977.  Under the proposals, a special set of community development financing
institutions (CDFI) would be created to infuse credit into low-income
communities. A CDFI trust, for which $ 382 million in funding was originally
proposed, would be created and called the Community Development Banking and
Financial Institution Fund (CDBFIF).

    Proposed CRA revisions focused on development of new regulations and
procedures to "replace paperwork and uncertainty with greater performance,
clarity, and objectivity."  n47 The
 [*1282]  President further stated that certain goals should be met within CRA
revisions. These goals include such things as consistency and evenhandedness,
improvement in public CRA performance evaluations, more effective sanctions
against banks and thrifts with consistently poor performance, and development of
more objective, performance-based CRA assessment standards that minimize the
compliance burden on financial institutions while stimulating improved CRA
performance.

    Focus was to be placed on community reinvestment activities in both urban
and rural areas--specifically, lending to lowand moderate-income individuals and
neighborhoods, small businesses, and small farms; investments in low- and
moderateincome neighborhoods; and provision of banking services to residents of
low- and moderate-income neighborhoods.  n48

    The CDFI and CDBFIF proposals were designed, in part, to emulate efforts and
activities of the Southshore Bank of Chicago and its rural counterpart, the
Southern Development Bancorporation (SDBC) of Arkadelphia, Arkansas. These
institutions have had some success in eliminating red-lining and stimulating
community growth and improvement. The successful urban Southshore model is
undergoing considerable reexamination and revisions in the rural SDBC efforts.

    V. Community Economic Development Legislation

    Legislation introduced embodying the administration proposals on CDFI and
CDBFIF has undergone considerable transformation but has been passed and was
signed into law by President Clinton on September 23, 1994. The legislation
contains a number of banking measures and authorizes $ 382 million over four
years in specialized community development banking initiatives for rural and
urban areas, an amount that is estimated to be capable of leveraging up to $ 5
billion.  n49
 [*1283]

    A. Proposed CRA Rule Change

    Previous CRA regulations focused primarily upon the documentation of the
services institutions provided to their communities. A wide variety of services,
such as participation in and contribution to civic activities, etc., could be
considered relevant. Based upon a list of twelve assessment factors, examiners
gave a CRA rating, which was made public and which might be used when
institutions apply for the establishment of branches or for re-establishment of
their charters. In highly organized neighborhoods, which are mostly found in
urban areas, these ratings have been used effectively to pressure institutions
into participation in economic development and rehabilitation. We know of little
evidence that the CRA had much impact upon the behavior of financial
institutions in rural areas.  Financial institutions almost unanimously opposed
the regulations for the "paper work" burden they imposed, a burden which was
probably more onerous for smaller institutions.

    The four federal regulatory agencies submitted proposed revised CRA
regulations for public comment on December 21, 1993. They were designed "to
emphasize performance rather than process, to promote consistency in
assessments, to permit more effective enforcement against institutions with poor
performance, and to reduce unnecessary compliance burdens while stimulating
improved performance."  n50 Under the proposed regulations, institutions would
be evaluated based upon three measures, including their lending, service, and
investment performance within the low- and moderate-income "geographies" (census
tracts or block numbering areas) of their service areas. The institutions would
be required to make available data on the geographic distribution of their loan
applications, denials, origination, and purchases. Smaller banks and thrift
institutions could elect to be evaluated under a "streamlined method," which
would not require them to report this data but which is not clearly defined in
the proposed regulations.

    The public comment period, which was to end February
 [*1284]  21, 1994, was extended. Then, apparently because of the extent of
criticism received in the public comments, the regulations were completely
redrafted, and a new set of proposed regulations was published in the Federal
Register on October 7, 1994.  n51

    B. Empowerment Zones/Enterprise Communities

    Meanwhile, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the
USDA jointly announced their Empowerment Zone/Enterprise Community (EZ/EC)
programs on January 14, 1994.  n52 Under this program, the federal government
"will designate 104 areas that meet certain poverty and distress criteria and
prepare creative strategic plans for revitalization."  n53 HUD will make six
urban EZ and sixty-five EC awards, and the USDA will make three rural EZ and
thirty EC awards. Applications, the completion of which required a very
extensive local level strategic planning process and a very sophisticated plan
document, were due June 30, 1994. The carrot in this case is large, especially
for the several EZs that will be designated, including two HHS Title XX grants
totalling $ 40 million for each empowerment zone and one Title XX grant of up to
$ 3 million for each EC. It is reported that more than 500 applications were
completed--there were fifteen from Arkansas alone. In spite of the compressed
time frame, it has been widely reported that the community based strategic
planning process has been beneficial to the communities which participated. In
some cases, quite significant commitments have already been made to local
community development investment and lending
 [*1285]  activities by local banks or by branches of major financial
institutions.  n54 The EZ/EC awards were announced just before Christmas in
1994.

    Several things stand out in these initiatives. The CRA revision and the
EZ/EC programs both appear to assume that poverty is geographically concentrated
in rural areas as it is in urban areas. Indeed, an underlying feature of all of
these proposals is that they are urban--the Southshore Bank is preeminently an
urban institution. Its success--based, as it is, upon "turning around" urban
real estate--is preeminently an urban phenomenon, and, of course, focusing upon
census-defined geographic areas rather than upon administrative units or
communities makes sense in focusing upon urban neighborhoods. Its utility in
rural areas is less obvious. Already it is becoming clear that groups preparing
EZ/EC applications in rural areas had to patch together very strange pieces of
territory, sometimes disregarding the boundaries of administrative, political,
or socioeconomic communities. Hastily doing effective strategic planning within
such artificial units, and having competitive plans prepared by June 30, 1994,
were real challenges indeed.  However, it seems that the strategic planning
process communities carried out to prepare their applications may have been very
positive and may result in important community development even for the
communities that are not selected.  n55

    C. Emerging USDA Initiatives

    The USDA's role in the EZ/EC initiative is indicative of the Clinton
administration's rural policy and rural development policy preferences under
Secretary Espy. It was quite clear that Espy strongly supported rural
development, especially efforts that were targeted upon the poorest rural areas.

 [*1286]

    1. 1995 Farm Bill

    Broad-based efforts have been underway since June 1994 to lay the groundwork
for the 1995 Farm Bill, including its Rural Development provisions. As was
pointed out by Ruth McWilliams of the United States Forest Service, who was put
in charge of the policy development process for rural development, Under
Secretary Bob Nash established eight broad issue groups, focusing upon
Developmental Finance, Rural Marketing, Water 2000, Information Super Highway,
Sustainable Rural Development, Regional Initiatives, Rationalizing Federal Rural
Policy, and Procedural Reform.  n56

    The Sustainable Rural Development issue group was charged with drafting
issue papers that will include the following: (a) review of the issue as it
relates to the 1995 Farm Bill, (b) recommendations for the USDA position on the
issue, (c) alternatives considered and rejected (and explanations if rejected),
(d) critique of effectiveness of current policies, (e) expected results of
recommended actions, and (f) anticipated cost and source of financing new
proposals. These papers were to be prepared by July 12, 1994.

    Secretary Espy drafted a New Vision of USDA's Rural Development Programs,
n57 which guides the overall RDP effort.  The draft report states: "The new
vision of the Federal role in rural development should be to assist communities,
based on inclusive development initiatives, to become more competitive in a
world marketplace, through creating sustainable economic opportunities for all
residents."  n58

    Three specific priorities for federal rural development efforts were
articulated: (a) reduction of long-term poverty in the approximately 500 poorest
rural counties in the United States, (b) increased viability of rural
communities in the declining, sparsely settled regions, such as the Great
Plains, and (c) assis-  [*1287]  tance for those parts of rural America
experiencing short-term difficulty from rapid structural change due to shifts in
public policy, the international marketplace, and natural disasters.  n59

    2. Sustainable Agriculture as Rural Development

    A new issue, "sustainable agriculture," has emerged on the horizon and
gained considerable political support and federal funding.  n60 Under the rubric
of the Quality of Life concerns of sustainable agriculture, it has begun to move
aggressively into rural development issues. It is too early to know exactly what
this will mean. On the one hand, it could result in another form of
"agricultural fundamentalism," which simply reasserts the conventional
definition of the USDA family's responsibility for rural areas to be exclusively
agricultural, but now as "sustainable" and "alternative" agriculture. On the
other hand, it could result in significant restoration of the USDA family's
commitment to the well-being of people in rural communities.

    These efforts of the Clinton administration indicate an intent to support
rural policy and rural development efforts as, perhaps, having an expanded role
within the USDA. However, given the resignation of Secretary Espy and the
apparent repudiation of the Clinton administration in the recent election, it is
hard to predict what they mean now, if anything.

    Key documents about the well-being of rural people for the 1980s include
several comprehensive assessments of rural socioeconomic conditions prepared by
the Economic Research Service of the USDA in the early 1980s  n61 and, of
course, the series of "Gloom and Doom" reports of rural conditions that
 [*1288]  characterized the agricultural and rural crisis of the early 1980s.
n62

    VI. Conclusion

    Some broad generalizations emerge from this history of interest in rural
areas and rural development program and policy initiatives, most of which are
still important today.

    (A) Concern about the status of rural areas and people in rural areas is
what led the nation into federal involvement with local level programs,
policies, and the building of local program or service delivery institutions.
The USDA was the federal agency in which the current pattern of
federal/state/local partnership was created.

    (B) This original federal commitment to rural America has, however, been
progressively co-opted into a narrower focus upon commercial and production
agriculture. It is, in large part, the result of this progressive co-opting of
rural policy and USDA institutions by commercial agricultural and commodity
interests which explains the evident absence of a coherent rural or rural
development policy in the United States.  n63 A "perverse hegemony" has
developed in the relationship between the USDA, the committee structure in
Congress, and even--to a significant extent--the Land Grant System. These
institutions claim jurisdiction over rural development policy but systematically
repudiate support for rural development in favor of commodity interests when the
chips are down. A fundamental part
 [*1289]  of this narrowing of responsibility by the USDA family has been an
ongoing process of goal displacement, with the goals of the institutions now
almost universally being represented as serving the "food and fiber industry,"
something that has very little to do with the Land Grant System's original
objectives discussed above.

    (C) It was the progressive loss of commitment to an effective rural policy
and, incidentally, the cumulating evidence that agricultural policies and
programs not only did not benefit rural areas, but were to a significant extent
responsible for the very problems found in rural areas, which, finally, in 1955
during the Eisenhower administration, led to the need to rearticulate rural
policy and USDA responsibility for rural development by the specific definition
of rural development.

    (D) There are, of course, other reasons for the failure of the United States
to develop a coherent rural or rural development policy. Even though rural
non-farm people make up a significant proportion of the population (about 20% of
the total, as high as nearly half in many rural states), they are essentially
unorganized, unmobilized, and, except for a few interest groups representing
local governments, unrepresented. Their numbers are not growing as rapidly as
the total population, resulting in continuing declines in their representation
in Congress, as well as in the state houses around the country.  n64

    Perhaps more fundamentally, though, even the most ardent advocates of rural
policy and of rural development have failed to develop a coherent argument for
why there should be a rural policy or why rural development should be an issue.
Most definitions of what is rural and what is urban resort to classifying the
population into the two--or perhaps several more along a rural-urban
continuum--statistical categories, and then focusing upon the "rural
differential." One then seeks systematic variation on a wide range of other
aggregate characteristics and develops policies geared to statistical aggregates
of individuals and families. This approach does not provide a compelling
 [*1290]  argument for rural or rural development policy, since even the very
idea of rural is devoid of content.  n65 It would seem more appropriate simply
to recognize that "rural," like "urban," means place and concerns the nature of
the places in which people live. These are, of course, their communities. Hence,
one way to give rural policy a coherent framework is to view it as rural and
small community policy.  n66

    (E) In addition to its struggle with commitment to the well-being of rural
people versus the agricultural "industry," rural development policy has
struggled with two additional dimensions: (1) the funding versus self-help
approaches, and (2) federal versus local control. When emphasizing local
control, there is the additional dimension of "establishment" control versus
grassroots, community control. Different agencies of the USDA family are allied
differently along these dimensions.  Republicans have typically eschewed federal
funding for selfhelp approaches, but self-help approaches controlled by the
local "establishment" include, of course, existing local governments. As such,
Republicans have tended to support the Land Grant System and especially the
Cooperative Extension Service's community development, educational, and
self-help approaches. Democrats, on the other hand, have emphasized federal,
categorical grant programs characterized by the Farmers' Home Administration,
programs that, in principle at least, are targeted upon the most needy,
low-income segments
 [*1291]  of the rural or farm population.

    (F) The USDA and Land Grant, federal/state partnership forged from the Great
Depression era through the 1960s has been very successful in supporting
production agriculture and providing extraordinary benefits to United States
consumers.  However, these benefits are themselves subject to constant debate.
Many argue that they have gone primarily to the larger farms, certainly
primarily to commercial farmers rather than to small, low-income, and minority
farmers. Also, of course, the peculiar supply/demand relationships in
agriculture in the United States result in the benefits of increased
productivity in agriculture accruing primarily to consumers rather than to
agricultural producers.

    (G) In addition to the question of commitment, institutional responsibility
for rural programs and policies is extraordinarily dispersed in the federal
government. Although the USDA is the "lead agency" and claims hegemony, many
other agencies are involved. Even in the USDA itself, Rural Development programs
operate in a largely uncoordinated fashion in the decentralized Cooperative
Extension Service, where support for rural development depends upon the varying
views of state directors and county staff chairs, in the Farmers' Home
Administration, in the Soil Conservation Service, and, increasingly since 1990,
in the United States Forest Service. In Congress, the same situation exists as
far as committee structure is concerned.

    (H) In spite of the extraordinary amount of experimentation with rural
programs and policies that have ensued throughout this long history, from the
bold "new communities" of the 1930s and early 1940s to the funding of public
facilities through the FmHA in the 1960s and to the joint research/extension
"self-help" Community Resource Development programs and the Rural Development
programs of the 1960s, two problems remain. First, there is extraordinarily
little evaluative research which has tried to assess the impacts of these
experiments, virtually none that can be generalized beyond specific programs
and/or specific circumstances. Second, there seems to be little consensus about
what rural development is or how it can be achieved, and, in particular, there
is not
 [*1292]  much evidence that the program and policy initiatives that have been
carried out have had a positive effect upon rural America.

    (I) Finally, it seems quite clear by now that the real action--if there is
to be any--in rural development will be at the local level or, at most, at the
state level. Some states have been very creative and seem to be having an
impact; and, of course, it is by now widely recognized that local leadership is
the most important factor. Federal and state policies and programs cannot
overcome the disadvantages of weak leadership, and strong leadership can bring
about significant rural community development even without them.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct QualityGovernmentsPublic LandsLand
GrantsPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1  United States General Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-94-165, Rural Development:
Patchwork of Federal Programs Needs to Be Reappraised (1994) [hereinafter
Patchwork].




n2  Donald L. Nelson, Silver Threads Among the Gold: The First 25 Years of
Community and Rural Development Programs (United States Department of
Agriculture, Science and Education Administration, Joint Planning and Evaluation
Staff Paper Series No. 80-PPS-08, 1980).




n3  Wayne D. Rasmussen, 90 Years of Rural Development Programs, Rural Dev.
Persp., Oct. 1985, at 2-9.




n4  David Freshwater, The Historical Context of Federal Rural Development
Policy, Western Wire, Spring 1991, at 1-12.




n5  Frederick H. Buttel & Gilbert W. Gillespie, Jr., Rural Policy in
Perspective: The Rise, Fall, and Uncertain Future of the American Welfare State,
in The Future of Rural America: Anticipating Policies for Constructive Change,
15-40 (Kenneth E. Pigg ed., 1991).




n6  Sandra S. Osbourn, Congressional Research Service, Rural Policy in the
United States: A History (1988); Sandra S. Osbourn, Congressional Research
Service, Rural Policy in an Era of Change and Diversity (1988).




n7  Osbourn, Rural Policy in the United States, supra note 6, at i.




n8  David E. Lilienthal, TVA--Democracy on the March (1953); Philip Selznick,
TVA and the Grass Roots (1953).




n9  It was Everett E. Edwards' view that the Civil War marked a watershed in
that the rapid pace of post-war urban and industrial development first made the
rural-urban "differential" visible and an issue of attention and concern.
Everett E. Edwards, American Agriculture--the First 300 Years, in Yearbook of
Agriculture 171-221 (Gove Hambidge ed., 1940). It should also be noted that this
was a period of considerable agrarian discontent and even violence.




n10  See generally Osbourn, Rural Policy in the United States, supra note 6;
Osbourn, Rural Policy in an Era of Change and Diversity, supra note 6.




n11  Osbourn, Rural Policy in the United States, supra note 6, at 19-20.




n12  See generally Osbourn, Rural Policy in an Era of Change and Diversity,
supra note 6.




n13  See generally Lilienthal, supra note 8; Selznick, supra note 8.




n14  See generally Lilienthal, supra note 8.




n15  George R. McDowell, The USDA and the Extension System Revisited, or If you
haven't visited extension recently, you better do it soon, cause it isn't going
to be there long, Presentation at Conference of Agriculture--the USDA--the Land
Grant System--the Public--a new social contract in a changing world of
political, social, economic and environmental influence, 2-3 (April 3-5, 1991).




n16  7 U.S.C. sections 2201-2279 (1988).




n17  7 U.S.C. sections 301-308 (1988).




n18  The Commission on Country Life, 16 Messages and Papers of the Presidents
7253 (Jan. 4, 1909).




n19  Rasmussen, supra note 3, at 2.




n20  Freshwater, supra note 4, at 4. See generally Osbourn, Rural Policy in an
Era of Change and Diversity, supra note 6.




n21  7 U.S.C. sections 1001-1006(e) (repealed 1988).




n22  Farmers' Home Administration Act, ch. 964, 60 Stat. 1062 (1946).




n23  Tennessee Valley Authority Act, ch. 32, 48 Stat. 58 (1933) (codified at 16
U.S.C. sections 831a-831dd (1988)).




n24  Rural Electrification Act, ch. 432, 49 Stat. 1363 (1936) (codified at 7
U.S.C.  sections 901-916 (1988)).




n25  7 U.S.C. sections 601-659 (1988).




n26  7 U.S.C. sections 1281-1393 (1988).




n27  See generally Edwards, supra note 9.




n28  During the middle 1970s, two developments within the Land Grant System
contributed to loss of support for rural development. The first was a strong
movement to focus the Agricultural Experiment Stations upon the basic sciences,
especially biotechnology. The second was an effort to narrow their focus in
order to no longer try to be "all things to all people."




n29  Pub. L. No. 101-624, 104 Stat. 4032-38 (1990).




n30  Rasmussen, supra note 3, at 3-4.




n31  Frank D. Alexander, U.S. Dep't of Agric., A Study of Extension Community
Resource Development Programs in Eight Multi-County Areas (1971); Michael K.
Miller, et al., Estimating the Effects of Community Resource Development Efforts
on County Quality of Life, 49 Rural Soc. 37-66 (1984).




n32  President's National Advisory Commission on Rural Poverty, Rural Poverty in
the United States (1967).




n33  President's National Advisory Commission on Rural Poverty, The People Left
Behind (1967).




n34  Senate Comm. on Gov't Operations, 92d Cong., 1st Sess., The Economic and
Social Condition of Rural America in the 1970s (Comm. Print 1971).




n35  Pub. L. No. 101-624, 104 Stat. 4032-38 (1990).




n36  Economic Policy Council, Working Group on Rural Dev., Presidential
Initiative on Rural Development: Background, State Rural Development Councils
(Aug. 1990).




n37  The recently announced reorganization of the USDA achieves some of the same
objectives of establishing the Rural Development Administration. It does not, of
course, re-establish the regional offices which the RDA had established briefly.




n38  These actions are beyond the scope of this Article. Suffice it to point
out, however, that many states have established rural development agencies of
one kind or another since the agricultural and rural crises of the early 1980s.
See, e.g., State Programs Supporting Economic Development, Northwest Report
(Northwest Area Foundation) Apr. 1990, at 13. The North Carolina Rural
Development Center is an example of one of the more prominent ones. See, e.g.,
North Carolina Rural Economic Development Center, Restoring the Vigor (1988);
M.D.C., Inc., Programs, Problems, and Pioneers: Rural Economic Development in
North Carolina (1988); 1988-89 North Carolina Rural Economic Dev. Ctr. Ann. Rep.
(1989). One would necessarily include North Dakota, whose innovative programs
are reported in this conference. States, especially in the South, initiated
programs to attract industry during the 1930s. These were widely repackaged in
the late 1950s in close collaboration with utility companies but then generally
de-emphasized in the 1970s.  State-level strategies since the 1980s have been
much more innovative than they were previously. It is largely due to the
evolution of state-level strategies that one hears about "waves" of economic
development strategy, as in "third wave," which is presumably better than the
previous "waves."




n39  Patchwork, supra note 1, at 1.




n40  United States General Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-94-165, Rural
Development: Federal Programs that focus on Rural America and its Economic
Development (1989); see also United States General Accounting Office,
GAO/RCED-93-35, Rural Development: Rural America Faces Many Challenges (1992).




n41  Rural Development: Rural America Faces Many Challenges, supra note 39, at
59-60.




n42  Patchwork, supra note 1, at 4.




n43  Id. at 4-5.




n44  Id. at 5.




n45  Id. at 37.




n46  Id.




n47  Letter from William J. Clinton, President of the United States, Memorandum
for the Honorable Eugene Allan Ludwig, Comptroller of the Currency, et al. (July
15, 1993) (letter on file with The University of Memphis Law Review).




n48  Id.




n49  Press Briefing by Secretary of Treasury Bentsen and Under Secretary for
Domestic Finance Newman, U.S. Newswire Serv., Sept. 23, 1994.




n50  58 Fed. Reg. 67,466 (1993) (to be codified at 12 C.F.R. pt. 25).




n51  The Community Development Digest (CDD), which monitors all federal
community development activities, reports that more than 3,000 comments were
received, many of them critical. CDD summarizes some of the major criticisms of
the proposed rules. CRA Regulations Up in the Air; Regulators Receive Thousands
of Comments, Community Dev. Dig., Apr. 19, 1994, at 1-2.




n52  59 Fed. Reg. 2685-2712 (1994) (to be codified at 7 CFR pt. 25 & 24 CFR pt.
597).




n53  U.S. Dep't of Housing and Urban Dev. and U.S. Dep't of Agric., An
Initiative from the Community Enterprise Board, in Building Communities:
Together 6 (1994).




n54  Jeffrey H. Birnbaum, Like Dumbo's Feather, Prospect of Federal Grants Gives
Cities the Confidence to Fly on Their Own, Wall St. J., Aug. 8, 1994, at A10.




n55  Id.




n56  E-Mail Message from Ruth McWilliams, USFS DG Network (June 6, 1994) (on
file with The University of Memphis Law Review).




n57  Id.




n58  Id.




n59  See generally McWilliams, supra note 54.




n60  Whereas the Regional Rural Development Centers continue to struggle along
with about $ 500,000 among them, carrying out very extensive programs in support
of rural development, the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE)
program has, in a very short time, been able to ratchet its support up to the
range of $ 5 million per year.




n61  Economic Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., ERS Staff Report No.
AGES870724, Rural Economic Development in the 1980s: Preparing for the Future
(1987).




n62  M.D.C., Inc., Shadows in the Sunbelt: Developing the Rural South in an Era
of Economic Change (1986); S.A. Rosenfeld, et al., Southern Growth Policies
Board, After the Factories: Changing Employment Patterns in the Rural South
(1985); Southern Growth Policies Board, The Report of the 1986 Commission on the
Future of the South: Halfway Home and a Long Way to Go (1986); Southern Rural
Development Center, Emerging Issues in the Rural Economy of the South:
Proceedings of a Conference in Birmingham, January 13-14 (1986).




n63  Frederick H. Buttel et al., The State, Rural Policy, and Rural Poverty, in
Persistent Poverty in Rural America: Rural Sociological Task Force on Persistent
Rural Poverty (Gene F. Summers ed., 1993). See generally Buttel & Gillespie,
supra note 5.




n64  Of course, the relative number of farmers is declining from its very small
base at a more rapid rate.




n65  Its "content" is, of course, a significant part of the argument about the
history of rural policy. The conventional interpretation is that its content
should be occupational--that is, agricultural. This interpretation is now being
advocated by the sustainable agriculture movement, which is moving aggressively
into the territory of rural development. "Rural," however, fundamentally means
place and not necessarily occupation.  Also, of course, the link between the two
continues to become weaker as rural areas industrialize and as agriculture
urbanizes.




n66  See Donald E. Voth, Linking Rural and Urban Policy: Focus upon the
Community (Aug. 7, 1993) (invited paper presented at the 1993 Annual Meetings of
the Rural Sociological Society), for a systematic argument for using community,
the communities, or "home places" in which people live as the basic principle
for articulating rural policy and rural development policy. Also, see Daniel
Kemmis, Community and the Politics of Place (1990), for an excellent argument,
based upon both economics and politics, for the need to focus upon the local
community in dealing with many contemporary, tough issues.


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              June 6, 2005 Monday

Housing: Administration to Continue With Plan to Eliminate CDBG

BYLINE: Matthew Vadum

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5 Vol. 352 No. 32147

LENGTH: 564  words


Despite an apparent lack of congressional support for the proposed

Strengthening America's Communities Initiative that would replace the popular

Community Development Block Grant program, a Bush administration official said

Friday that the administration expects to present legislation aimed at

implementing its proposal to Congress this summer.

"We're still actively working on it ... the administration still very

much wants it to take effect this year," said Bryan Borlik, a spokesman for

the Economic Development Administration, an agency within the Commerce

Department.

"The thinking is that the [enabling] legislation will be proposed after

the advisory committee [studying the SACI proposal] presents its report,"

Borlik said in an interview Friday.

Borlik's comments came the day after the SACI advisory panel held its

third and final meeting in Clearwater, Fla., to discuss implementing the

plan. The committee is expected to file its report with Commerce Secretary

Carlos Gutierrez in coming weeks.

In the fiscal 2006 budget blueprint, Bush proposed replacing the

Department of Housing and Urban Development's $4.7 billion Community

Development Block Grant program and 17 other federal community and economic

development programs with the $3.7 billion SACI program that would be

administered by a yet-to-be-created agency within Commerce.

Congress funded the 18 programs that are currently located in several

federal agencies at close to $5.7 billion in the current fiscal year that

began Oct. 1. CDBG grants are often leveraged in municipal bond transactions.

The SACI proposal has thus far received a tepid reception on Capitol

Hill, and its opponents expect Congress to reject the plan, at least this

year.

"Every step of the way [our effort to preserve CDBG is] getting positive

feedback from the Hill," said Marilyn Mohrman-Gillis, director of policy and

federal relations for the National League of Cities.

"I don't think that there's much of a chance that [the SACI proposal] is

going to go through the authorizing process this year," said Mohrman-Gillis.

"The indications we've received from congressional offices is that the

SACI proposal is not being received warmly in Congress," she said.

Some housing and state and local government advocates declared victory in

the fight to preserve CDBG and keep it at HUD in March when the Senate and

House adopted fiscal 2006 spending plans that would protect funding for the

program and keep it at HUD.

Under the Bush plan, HUD would lose control over CDBG, which is divided

into formula grants and so-called set-asides, the National Community

Development Initiative, the Brownfields Economic Development Initiative, the

Rural Housing and Economic Development program, Urban Empowerment Zones Round

II grants, and HUD Community Development Loan Guarantees, also known as the

Section 108 program, which would all be moved to Commerce under the proposal.

CDBG is popular with local leaders in part because it is a flexible

program that gives them wide discretion on how to spend grants.

In recent months, support for the SACI plan has appeared soft within the

administration itself. HUD Secretary Alphonso Jackson acknowledged to a

congressional panel that CDBG "worked well" at HUD. The secretary also said

that he pressed the administration to keep the program at his department.

A HUD spokesman refused to comment Friday.

http://www.bondbuyer.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2005 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JANUARY 29, 1999 Friday SF EDITION

CLINTON TARGETS ABANDONED BUILDINGS / HE WILL SEEK $50 MILLION TO HELP REDEVELOP
BLIGHTED AREAS. HUD'S BUDGET INCLUDES OTHER INITIATIVES.

BYLINE: Robert A. Rankin and Jodi Enda, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Clinton today will propose spending $50 million next year to knock
down abandoned buildings in blighted urban neighborhoods, the Inquirer
Washington Bureau has learned.

The initiative is part of a $2.5 billion spending increase that Clinton will
propose for programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development in his
fiscal 2000 budget, to be announced Monday.

The abandoned-buildings initiative aims to turn "brown yards into backyards,"
according to administration budget documents. Up to 1,700 abandoned apartment
houses, single-family homes, warehouses and office buildings would be demolished
as part of comprehensive plans to redevelop property for commercial or
residential use.

Specifics on where the money might be spent were not available yesterday.

"It's expensive to take these buildings down," said a senior HUD official who
asked not to be identified. The average cost of demolishing a building is
estimated at $30,000.

The program's priority will be to replace dilapidated buildings with affordable
housing, and, failing that, to attract commercial development. HUD would provide
the money via competitive grants to local governments.

In a related initiative, the President will propose mobilizing a corps of
citizens to help rebuild abandoned or crumbling housing. A $5 million fund under
the community development block grant program would support this initiative,
which would be administered in conjunction with mayors, community organizations
and "faith-based groups." HUD plans to train local teams to reconstruct houses
in up to 80 cities.

Clinton will announce his proposals at a White House breakfast for the U.S.
Conference of Mayors. Total HUD funding would exceed $28 billion, with spending
increases for "virtually every major HUD program," the documents say.

"This is money that . . . goes into cities and rural areas for redevelopment,
for homeless assistance, to try to bring our cities and rural areas back by
making them economically strong and competitive," said a second HUD official who
also asked not to be identified.

The HUD disclosure is the latest in a long line of new budget initiatives the
administration has leaked selectively over the last month in an effort to
publicize Clinton's spending priorities and stoke political favor with
Democratic constituencies. Congress must approve any spending initiatives before
they become law.

Other previously undisclosed HUD initiatives that Clinton will propose include:

* A $25 million increase, to $4.8 billion, for community development block
grants. Philadelphia would get $77 million under this program.

* A $43 million increase, to $75 million, for the disadvantaged-youth program
Youthbuild.

* Refocusing $100 million out of $310 million in drug-elimination grants to
target youth crime and youth dependency on drugs.

* A $10 million increase, to $1.6 billion, for the HOME program of
rehabilitating homes to provide affordable housing. Philadelphia would get $15
million.

* An 18 percent boost, to $47 million, for HUD efforts to fight housing
discrimination.

* Providing 100,000 new housing vouchers to subsidize rent for the poor,
comprising 42,000 for various "worst-case housing needs," 25,000 to expand
vouchers for welfare-to-work clients, 18,000 for homeless people, and 15,000 for
elderly ones.

Under the budget proposal, Philadelphia would receive $18.5 million, a $1
million increase, for aid to the homeless, and would receive $2.4 million for
emergency-shelter aid.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital Funding, Child Care, Clinics, Community Development, Critical
Access Hospitals, Emergency Medical Services, Health Information Technology,
Hospitals, Schools, Telehealth, Trauma

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 11, 2008 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Three Maine agencies to share grant money

SECTION: Pg. B8

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Office of Rural Development has awarded
Rural Community Development Initiative Grants totaling $457,104 to three Maine
community agencies, Rep. Mike Michaud announced in a press release.

The funds were:

.  Penquis, $57,860.  Funds will be used to provide technical assistance
focusing on 691 mobile homes, 115 of which are over 30 years old, for energy and
replacement strategies with affordable housing.  Penquis is based in Bangor and
serves Penobscot, Piscataquis, and Knox counties.

.  Piscataquis County Economic Development Council, $137,769. Funds will be used
to provide technical assistance to 22 communities for energy savings, community
development, and housing. PCEDC is based in Dover-Foxcroft and serves
Piscataquis County.

.  Western Maine Community Action Inc., $261,475.  Funds will be used to provide
financial and technical assistance and training materials that can be used
elsewhere in the areas of homeowner energy use, safety, and fire prevention.
WMCA serves Franklin, Androscoggin and Oxford counties.

"This funding will help these agencies serve communities, which have been
affected by high unemployment, plan and manage escalating energy costs," Michaud
said in the release.  "It is important that we give our communities the tools
they need to help those in most need."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: In Eastern Kentucky, USDA Launches Relending Program to Reduce Rural
Poverty Nationwide

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today unveiled an innovative partnership with
community development organizations from across the country, providing $401
million of Community Facilities program funds to recipients with a track record
of successful programs to help reduce poverty in some of the nation's poorest
and most isolated rural communities. Twenty-six community development
organizations have been approved to draw upon the funding to provide long-term,
low-interest financing to be "re-lent" to local entities to build, acquire,
maintain or renovate essential community facilities. The funds also can be used
for capacity building and to finance essential community services, such as
education, health care and infrastructure.





 Many of the projects will be in some of the nation's poorest rural areas, such
as communities in Appalachia, the colonias along the U.S./Mexico border, and in
the Mississippi Delta region. Long-term poverty disproportionately affects rural
areas. Nearly nine out of 10 counties where 20 percent or more of the population
has lived in poverty for 30 years or more are rural.



 "This effort builds on our commitment to lifting up the economic prospects of
communities that have not benefited from the revitalization of rural America,"
Vilsack said. "By engaging with local and national partners, private-sector
financial institutions and philanthropic organizations, USDA will inject a
game-changing level of investment capital to reduce poverty in targeted rural
areas where the capacity for growth has not been realized. As we have seen with
the Obama Administration's Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce
effort, targeted, place-based investments can have a real impact on reducing
poverty. This funding adds another important tool in that fight."



 The financing has two unique features. First, private financial institutions,
including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees for a portion
of the loans. Second, the recipient community development organizations, or
"re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants provided by seven of
the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a $22 million fund to
assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation
will manage this grant fund.



 Vilsack made the announcement at Berea College, which has received USDA funding
to help businesses become more energy efficient. Earlier this year, the town of
Berea received a $10 million Community Facilities loan to renovate and expand
the city hall and public safety facilities.



 The town of Berea has played an integral role in USDA's place-based initiatives
. Last year, it was chosen as one of 10 pilot sites for the Rural Integration
Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project.
Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the
needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its goal is to increase parents'
employment and education and improve the health and well-being of families.



 The project is led by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. The members of this public/private partnership have
selected 10 local and tribal communities and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members
there to provide technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce
child poverty. At a White House Rural Forum convened in State College, Pa.,
earlier this week, the partners announced that the AmeriCorps VISTA members will
remain in the 10 communities for a second year.



 USDA expects the financing announced today will serve as a catalyst for
additional investment. Many of the community developers already have established
relationships with other private and philanthropic funders. The ability to
relend money could foster greater leveraging of private and philanthropic
investments in rural communities.



 USDA Rural Development has a $215 billion loan portfolio and offices in every
state in the nation. The agency annually invests $30 billion, on average, in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public
safety and health care facilities; invested nearly $13 billion to start or
expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: In Eastern Kentucky, USDA Launches Relending Program to Reduce Rural
Poverty Nationwide

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today unveiled an innovative partnership with
community development organizations from across the country, providing $401
million of Community Facilities program funds to recipients with a track record
of successful programs to help reduce poverty in some of the nation's poorest
and most isolated rural communities. Twenty-six community development
organizations have been approved to draw upon the funding to provide long-term,
low-interest financing to be "re-lent" to local entities to build, acquire,
maintain or renovate essential community facilities. The funds also can be used
for capacity building and to finance essential community services, such as
education, health care and infrastructure.





 Many of the projects will be in some of the nation's poorest rural areas, such
as communities in Appalachia, the colonias along the U.S./Mexico border, and in
the Mississippi Delta region. Long-term poverty disproportionately affects rural
areas. Nearly nine out of 10 counties where 20 percent or more of the population
has lived in poverty for 30 years or more are rural.



 "This effort builds on our commitment to lifting up the economic prospects of
communities that have not benefited from the revitalization of rural America,"
Vilsack said. "By engaging with local and national partners, private-sector
financial institutions and philanthropic organizations, USDA will inject a
game-changing level of investment capital to reduce poverty in targeted rural
areas where the capacity for growth has not been realized. As we have seen with
the Obama Administration's Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce
effort, targeted, place-based investments can have a real impact on reducing
poverty. This funding adds another important tool in that fight."



 The financing has two unique features. First, private financial institutions,
including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees for a portion
of the loans. Second, the recipient community development organizations, or
"re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants provided by seven of
the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a $22 million fund to
assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation
will manage this grant fund.



 Vilsack made the announcement at Berea College, which has received USDA funding
to help businesses become more energy efficient. Earlier this year, the town of
Berea received a $10 million Community Facilities loan to renovate and expand
the city hall and public safety facilities.



 The town of Berea has played an integral role in USDA's place-based initiatives
. Last year, it was chosen as one of 10 pilot sites for the Rural Integration
Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project.
Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the
needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its goal is to increase parents'
employment and education and improve the health and well-being of families.



 The project is led by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. The members of this public/private partnership have
selected 10 local and tribal communities and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members
there to provide technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce
child poverty. At a White House Rural Forum convened in State College, Pa.,
earlier this week, the partners announced that the AmeriCorps VISTA members will
remain in the 10 communities for a second year.



 USDA expects the financing announced today will serve as a catalyst for
additional investment. Many of the community developers already have established
relationships with other private and philanthropic funders. The ability to
relend money could foster greater leveraging of private and philanthropic
investments in rural communities.



 USDA Rural Development has a $215 billion loan portfolio and offices in every
state in the nation. The agency annually invests $30 billion, on average, in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public
safety and health care facilities; invested nearly $13 billion to start or
expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               November 10, 2008

Idaho city brings in poultry breeder Hy-Line North America

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 554  words


The state has stepped in with a half-million-dollar nest egg, per se, to help
the City of Burley bring poultry breeder Hy-Line North America to the region.

Burley officials on Oct. 30 received a $500,000 Rural Community Development
Block Grant to assist Hy-Line with its constuction plans that include water,
sewer, sidewalk and road infrastructure improvements.

Hy-Line is investing $17 million to build a new facility in Burley, expected to
create 45 new jobs, the Idaho Department of Commerce said in a release.
Construction is under way, and expected to conclude in early 2009.

Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter said in the release that the success of the Project 60
initiative - to raise gross state product from $51 billion to $60 billion -
depends in large measure on this kind of business expansion providing great
opportunities for local and state economies to grow.   This grant will further
improve Burley's infrastructure, creating a foundation for additional growth and
creation of even more good jobs for Idahoans, he said.

"We are really thrilled to get this particular company. They are a great
company," Burley Economic Development Director Doug Manning told the Idaho
Business Review. Des Moines, Iowa-based Hy-Line will be a good addition to a
local economy that Burley is working to diversify, the former Burley mayor and
city council member said.

"We are getting into some high-tech ag here," he said, adding: "We always will
be dependent on ag. We want to make it more value-added in many cases. "

Hy-Line says on its Web site it has been dedicated "to genetic excellence for
nearly three quarters of a century has produced revolutionary breakthroughs in
the science of poultry breeding that have not only benefited the worldwide egg
production industry, but in so doing have helped to feed the earth's burgeoning
human population. " Company officials could not be reached immediately.

Manning said Hy-Line fits well in an industrial area that continues to develop
on Burley's southwest side, at 27th Street and Washington Avenue.

Businesses setting up in the industrial area in the last 18 months include
Sacramento-based Pacific Ethanol, Mount Sterling, Ill.-based Dot Foods and
Fayetteville, Ark.-based Packaging Specialties. They joined existing occupants
Boise Cascade - which operates a corrugated container plant - and Handy Truck
Line.

A railroad spur that goes through the southwest Burley industrial area and quick
access to the city's truck route attracted some businesses and are expected to
attract additional businesses, Manning said. Distribution companies have
expressed interest in locating in the area, he said.

As for the grant to Hy-Line, Manning said: "Often, these improvements open the
way for other businesses. "

For example, the Pacific Ethanol project included sewer and water line
extensions, and road improvements, that ultimately benefit other businesses, he
said. Burley's urban renewal district has used tax-increment financing to fund
some infrastructure improvements designed to encourage business development, he
said.

This is yet another Rural Community Development Block Grants that has been
directed to the region. Administered by the Idaho Department of Commerce, the
grants are financed with state general tax revenue, under the Idaho Rural
Initiative, to expand economic opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Coldwater, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 19, 2013

Community re-opens Grocery Store

BYLINE: The Western Star staff

LENGTH: 667  words


So what's in store? No, I don't mean what is coming up soon. I mean, what is
inside the store?

This week we'll learn about a community which lost its only local grocery store,
only to get it back through its community foundation. Thanks to Logan Falleti of
the K-State Center for Engagement and Community Development's Rural Grocery
Initiative for this story.

Faye Minium, a long-time local banker, is president of the Morland Community
Foundation. The foundation was founded in 1994 and has funded various
development projects through the years, but in 2006 it faced a new challenge:
The town only grocery store was closing.

The store in Morland was founded in 1915. Through the years it had been known as
Bean's Country Store, Steven's Grocery, and Brook's Store. But in 2006 the owner
closed the store because of declining health and age.

In responise, the Morland Community Foundation launched an Access to Healthy
Food initiative. The goal was to provide healthy food to the elderly and other
members of the community. One component of the initiative was to re-open the
store and operate it as a nonprofit enterprise. They bought the former store
building and named the new store Morland Mercantile.

With help from a community development block grant, the building was winterized,
refurbished, and had a new furnace installed. Then another issue surfaced: The
store and all of Morland was classified in a flood plain which made it difficult
to get permits and insurance. The city did a study and found that the land could
be reclassified. So, the city spent $28,000 over a year to re-map and revise the
flood plain boundaries. As an additional benefit to the community, all but two
residences in Morland were cleared of their floodplain status.

The newly renovated building was then filled with equipment, most of which was
donated or bought used. The foundation was able to buy used equipment from a
town 100 miles away which had recently closed its grocery store.

The first order of canned goods arrived Oct 22, 2013, followed by deliveries of
fresh produce and meat. Volunteers unloaded and stocked all the shelves.

The store's permanent operations will add three new jobs to the town. One of
those is a full-time manager. A resident of nearby Hill City, Ron Radcliffe,
will manage the store. With his eight years of management experience, he knew
how to set up the shelving in the correct way.

The store is supplied by Affiliated Foods, but in order to meet the minimum
shipping order requirement, Morland orders through another rural Affiliated
store: Joslyn's Food Center, operated by Mark Joslyn of Hoxie, Kan. Hoxie is a
rural community of 1,207 people.

Now, tfrar's rural.

When the Morland volunteers were having trouble with the exact dimensions of its
meat counter, Mark Joslyn drove through a blizzard to Morland to answer their
construction questions himself.

On November 2, 2013, the store opened for business. On Nov. 16, the Governor of
Kansas cut the ribbon to celebrate the store's grand opening.

"It was a neat thing," said Fay Minium. "Everyone had fun and was enthusiastic
about being there. It's been a lot of work and a long time getting here, but I'm
optimistic it will be a good project for the whole area. I hope we're able to
provide the service and inventory people in the community want and need, and can
provide some unique projects."

Another part of the Access to Healthy Food initiative is a community kitchen
where residents can make their own products.

So what's in store? Not just in store for the future, but in the store itself.

The answer is necessities, healthy foods and local products for the people of
Morland. We commend Faye Minium and the

Morland Community Foundation for making a difference with this new service. If
this community can maintain the model of local initiative, there should be a lot
more good things in store."

And there's more. Three doors down from the store is an agribusiness with
cutting edge technology. We'll learn about that in another Kansas Profile.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSS

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Western Star


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Search equipment to be upgraded

BYLINE: Neil Ratley

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 452 words


A new emergency beacon tracking system will help to save more lives, a rescuer
says.

Fiordland Land Search and Rescue (LandSar) has received a grant of $40,590 from
Meridian Energy and will put the funds towards upgrading equipment.

LandSar committee member Lloyd Matheson said the tracking system used on search
and rescue aircraft had become outdated.

Only one of two Southern Lakes Helicopters aircraft used for search and rescue
work was fitted with the most advanced tracking system, which picked up the 406
frequency beacon now used by many trampers and boaties, Mr Matheson said.

A second aircraft with hi-tech equipment would mean greater ability to pinpoint
where a beacon was activated and improve response time, Mr Matheson said.

"It will give us full 24/7 capabilities and coverage and make a big difference
by taking any guesswork out of operations," he said.

Hi-tech search and rescue gear came at a cost and the support from Meridian was
greatly appreciated, Mr Matheson said.

Fiordland LandSar was not limited to operations in Fiordland but also responded
out of district on the west and east coasts of the country and the Southern
Ocean.

Several other organisations also received grants from Meridian's Manapouri Te
Anau Community Fund:

The Royal New Zealand Plunket Society was given $1840 to buy additional infant
and child seats for the Te Anau and Fiordland Plunket Society's Southland area
car- seat service.

The Te Anau Clay Target Club was given $12,650 to help build a down-the-line and
skeet field.

The Blackmount volunteer rural fire force received $5400 to buy a new pager
repeater system.

The Deep Cove Outdoor Education Trust received $2500 for new educational
material and signage to help pupils study the Manapouri Hydro Station habitat
restoration project in Fiordland's Deep Cove.

The Mararoa School received $7096 to buy a mega slide and commando net as part
of a playground upgrade.

Meridian's Manapouri Te Anau Community Fund chairman Mat Bayliss said the
community projects sustained the heart of rural communities.

The fund had been supporting community development initiatives since 2007, with
more than $1 million granted to a wide range of sustainable community
development initiatives in Te Anau, Manapouri, Clifden and Tuatapere, he said.

neil.ratley@stl.co.nz

--------------------

CAPTION:

Helping hand: Manapouri Meridian Energy site manager John Twidle, left, gets an
explanation about how the Becca 406 tracking system works from Fiordland LandSar
committee member Lloyd Matheson. The energy company has provided Fiordland
LandSar with a

grant that will help pay for the advanced tracking system to be installed on a
second search and rescue helicopter.

Picture: BARRY HARCOURT 628300375

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               November 15, 2002

Focus Falls On Rural Issues

SECTION: News; People; Appeals/campaigns; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 206 words


Rural transport grants and policing will be among topics discussed at a new
round of Staffordshire Moorlands Neighbourhood Forums.  Moorlands Council for
Voluntary Service community development officer, Clive Smith, said: "The
meetings give local residents an opportunity to discuss health related or other
issues that affect themselves, their group organisation, or their community."
Dates and venues are: Biddulph Town Hall, Tuesday, November 26, at noon. Advice
on rural transport grants and information on regeneration schemes.

Cheadle Methodist Church Hall, Chapel, Street, Wednesday, November 29, at 12
noon. Advice on market Towns Initiative and rural transport grants.

Cheddleton Craft Centre, Hollow Lane, Monday, December 2, at 7.30pm. Details on
local highways projects and supported volunteering Manifold Valley Primary
School, Warslow, Tuesday, December 3, at noon. Information about rural library
service improvements, policing issues, and Borderlands Voices, an initiative to
benefit country communities.

St Edward' s Church meeting room, Leek, Thursday, December 5, at noon. The
topics will be supported volunteering, Market Towns Initiative, and advice on
welfare benefits and allowances.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                             May 27, 2004 Thursday

Rural Causes Get Small Share of Foundation, Corporate Aid, Study Finds

BYLINE: Michael Anft

SECTION: GIVING; Pg. 11 Vol. 16 No. 16

LENGTH: 480 words


Rural areas get a disproportionately low share of foundation money, a report
released last week charges.

Although 20 percent of the population of the United States -- about 55 million
people -- lives in rural areas, less than 1 percent of the $300-billion in
foundation grants distributed annually goes to programs that encourage rural
development, according to a study on which the report was based.

The study, conducted by the National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy, a
watchdog group in Washington, also found that corporations give a similarly low
percentage of their total philanthropy to rural causes.

"What these figures show is that philanthropy hasn't done all it can to deal
with undercapitalization in rural America," said Rick Cohen, president of the
watchdog group.

Ford, Kellogg Are Leaders

In 2000 and 2001, the median sum foundations gave to rural causes was $75,000,
meaning that half gave more and half gave less. That figure does not represent
the real situation, however, Mr. Cohen said, because grants made by the Ford
Foundation, in New York, and the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, in Battle Creek,
Mich., made up 42 percent of the $101-million U.S. grant makers awarded to
groups that spur economic development in rural areas. More than 80 percent of
rural-development grant dollars were awarded by 20 foundations.

Over all, foundations made grants of $323-million to rural causes of all types,
the report said. That amount is slightly above 1 percent of the total of grants
made. By contrast, more than $1-billion in grants was made to human-services
groups nationwide in 2001.

States with high percentages of rural populations -- such as Alaska, North
Dakota, and Wyoming -- often fare worse in garnering private grants than states
with mostly metropolitan populations, Mr. Cohen added, because few grant makers
have their headquarters in those states.

A separate study released this month by the Southern Rural Development
Initiative, a research group in Raleigh, N.C., found that one-third of all rural
counties in the United States have no foundations or foundation assets, such as
real-estate holdings.

The report recommends that the philanthropy world develop more strategies for
funneling grant dollars to rural areas, promote the use of institutions that
have proved effective in channeling small sums to rural groups -- such as
community foundations and community-development banks -- and increase grants for
donor-education programs in rural areas to take advantage of the
intergenerational transfer of wealth.

Copies of "Beyond City Limits: The Philanthropic Needs of Rural America" are
available free from Naomi Tacuyan, director of communications, National
Committee for Responsive Philanthropy, at naomi@ncrp.org. The Southern Rural
Development Initiative report is available free from Jason Gray, the
organization's policy director, at jgray@srdi.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

Tennessee: TNECD Awards ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grants to Eleven
Tennessee Counties

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development announced today
the eleven counties that will receive ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grants.





 The grants will be used for a variety of local programs addressing public
safety, health, education and workforce development.



 The eleven communities receiving ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grants
include Bedford, Cannon, Claiborne, Crockett, Giles, Greene, Hardeman,
Henderson, Madison, Marion and McMinn counties.



 "We're excited to assist communities that are actively working to promote local
education and workforce readiness, public safety initiatives as well as health
and wellness programs," TNECD Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "I can't wait to see
the results of these local initiatives, which are all innovative projects that
will show that Tennessee communities are committed to investing in themselves, a
vital step in spurring new investments from the private sector."



 In total, TNECD has awarded $250,000 to Tennessee communities through the
ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grant program. The grants are part of TNECD's
Rural Economic Development Fund, launched last fall and designed to build
capacity for transformative economic development strategies in rural Tennessee.



 "The eleven communities receiving these grants have all put forward plans
tailored to the needs of their counties. They range from a local career week to
additional materials and equipment for their TCAT, as well as advanced
manufacturing training courses," Amy New, TNECD assistant commissioner for rural
development, said. "These projects represent some of the best ideas coming from
Team Tennessee. TNECD is proud to partner with these communities as they ready
themselves for future investments and economic success."



 Funding for the ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grant program comes through
one-time revenues in the department's existing budget. The eleven counties
selected were chosen out of 28 applications.



 Each application was supported by the community's senator and representatives
in the Tennessee General Assembly.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

Tennessee: TNECD Awards ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grants to Eleven
Tennessee Counties

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development announced today
the eleven counties that will receive ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grants.





 The grants will be used for a variety of local programs addressing public
safety, health, education and workforce development.



 The eleven communities receiving ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grants
include Bedford, Cannon, Claiborne, Crockett, Giles, Greene, Hardeman,
Henderson, Madison, Marion and McMinn counties.



 "We're excited to assist communities that are actively working to promote local
education and workforce readiness, public safety initiatives as well as health
and wellness programs," TNECD Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "I can't wait to see
the results of these local initiatives, which are all innovative projects that
will show that Tennessee communities are committed to investing in themselves, a
vital step in spurring new investments from the private sector."



 In total, TNECD has awarded $250,000 to Tennessee communities through the
ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grant program. The grants are part of TNECD's
Rural Economic Development Fund, launched last fall and designed to build
capacity for transformative economic development strategies in rural Tennessee.



 "The eleven communities receiving these grants have all put forward plans
tailored to the needs of their counties. They range from a local career week to
additional materials and equipment for their TCAT, as well as advanced
manufacturing training courses," Amy New, TNECD assistant commissioner for rural
development, said. "These projects represent some of the best ideas coming from
Team Tennessee. TNECD is proud to partner with these communities as they ready
themselves for future investments and economic success."



 Funding for the ThreeStar Competitive Enhancement Grant program comes through
one-time revenues in the department's existing budget. The eleven counties
selected were chosen out of 28 applications.



 Each application was supported by the community's senator and representatives
in the Tennessee General Assembly.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 June 23, 1999

Cash aid for rural pumps

SECTION: Business, Pg.14

LENGTH: 387 words


THE future of four remote West Coast petrol stations has been secured following
a GBP 181,200 cash injection by a government enterprise agency,

The four had been under threat because of low turnover and the high costs of
meeting safety and environmental requirements.

Following representations by local councillors and enter-prise agencies, the
Scottish Office implemented its ruralpetrol stations initiative aimed at
assisting remote communities.

Now Lochaber Ltd, the local enterprise agency, has agreed a funding package to
provide further cash aid for upgrading petrol facilities.

Strontian Filling Station, where refurbishment is nearing completion, gets GBP
53,200, while GBP 43,300 goes to Kilchoan, the most westerly mainland community
in Britain, where work is also under way.

Morvern Community Development Co, an offshoot of the local community council,
which is negotiating to buy land to relocate its petrol facilities, has been
awarded GBP 56,700 by the agency.

A further GBP 28,000 goes to Helen Hatfield and Ian McGinn of Ardgour Stores for
upgrading the village filling station.

A spokesman for Lochaber Ltd, said yesterday: "The cost of meeting the new
regulations are substantial and difficult for these small communities to meet.

Remote

"Hopefully, the Scottish Office's initiative and these grants will ensure the
future of these vital facilities for remote rural communities."

Other grants approved by the agency include: Business finance: Ewen Nicholson,
Gillies Park, Mallaig - GBP 400 to upgrade MFV Grimsay Isle. Kirsteen Barr and
Catriona Lackie, Roshven - GBP 4,000 for establishment of horse logging
business. Howard Baggot, Vertical Descents, Inchree - GBP 900 for development of
business.

Tourism projects: An Comunn Gaidhealach - GBP 30,000 for Lochaber Royal Mod.
Fort William 2000 - GBP 5,000 development support.

Community projects: Rum Community Association - GBP 7,500 for appointment of
project officer.

Training projects: Career Ahead - GBP 15,000 for adult guidance provision.

Lochaber Ltd - GBP 4,000 for Skillseeker health and safety monitoring.

Community Action grants: West Highland Wheelers, c/o Off Beat Bikes, High
Street, Fort William - GBP 14,015 for downhill cycle track at Leanachan.

Roy Bridge Memorial Hall - GBP 530 for four interpretativepanels.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              June 18, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

Millions in rural grants wasted: Nationals;
Bureaucracy 'soaking up funds'

BYLINE: FARRAH TOMAZIN and PAUL AUSTIN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 459 words


DAYS after unveiling a $631 million plan to revitalise the bush, the Brumby
government has been accused of wasting millions of dollars that should have gone
to some of the neediest rural communities. Figures from the Auditor-General show
that of the $10 million fund set up by the government four years ago to improve
life in rural towns, only $5.1 million in grants has been given out so far,
while a further $2.6 million has been funnelled into "administrative and
operating costs". The fund - known as the Community Building Initiative - was
designed to run between 2006 and 2010 in a bid to strengthen rural towns,
particular those experiencing growth, population decline or disadvantage. Under
the scheme, the Department of Planning and Community Development provides grants
to dozens of regional towns for small projects that will benefit their
communities, such as park upgrades, new bike tracks or tourism brochures.

The program is meant to empower locals by giving them a say in the kind of
projects they want to pursue, while leveraging extra support from business and
community groups. But the way the funding has been spent has left the government
vulnerable to Coalition accusations of waste and mismanagement. Nationals leader
Peter Ryan likened the spending to the Building the Education Revolution schools
program, which has also come under fire for the amount of money that gets soaked
up in administrative costs. "Brumby government bureaucracy has wasted taxpayer
money that could have funded a range of community projects across rural
Victoria. It's appalling," Mr Ryan said. A spokeswoman for Community Development
Minister Lily D'Ambrosio rejected Mr Ryan's claims. She said most of the
administrative costs - or about $1.5 million worth - went on wages, and that
these costs were kept low despite the fact staff were overseeing projects in
more than 100 towns. The operating budget - about $1.4 million - went towards
planning workshops as well as smaller projects such as installing AFL goal posts
at sports ovals or lights in recreational parks. The stoush came as Premier John
Brumby travelled to Ballarat to announce a jobs coup for the regional city.
International information technology company Vertex will spend about $11.5
million on a new customer support centre in Ballarat, creating about 600 jobs
over the next three years. The state government is understood to have provided
millions of dollars worth of incentives to the company to clinch the deal, but
Mr Brumby said the precise amount would not be made public because it was
commercial-in-confidence. He said the project would inject about $15 million a
year into the local economy. Ballarat mayor Judy Verlin said Vertex's decision
was a vote of confidence in the city.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 29, 2011 Saturday

Tamaqua lands $100K grant from national organization

BYLINE: Tom Ragan, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


Oct. 29--A national organization has awarded an $100,000 grant to Tamaqua Area
Community Partnership for the continued development and implementation of a
community-driven safety program that organizes residents and businesses around
issues of blight and crime.

The grant from Local Initiatives Support Corporation will be a 12- to 18-month
investment that would advance Tamaqua's partnership with local police and
support more revitalization efforts throughout the community.

"Our goal is to help Tamaqua residents ensure that they can live, work, do
business and raise their families in a community without the blight of vandalism
or the threat of violence hanging over their heads," said LISC Executive Vice
President Tina Brooks, who made the announcement Friday at Lehigh-Carbon
Community College's Tamaqua Center.

The grant continues an effort launched earlier this year. Seeking advice on how
to construct an effective local response to safety concerns, Tamaqua Area
Community Partnership joined with representatives of LISC's national community
safety initiative program, local police, neighborhood watch programs, the
chamber of commerce, the Main Street and Elm Street programs, the judicial
system and interested citizens.

"Our community safety partnership is part of our comprehensive effort to support
Tamaqua partnership's work on affordable housing and economic development
throughout this community," said Elise Hoben, executive director of Rural LISC,
a sub-group of LISC that focuses its efforts on rural communities.

LISC is a national nonprofit organization that combines corporate, government
and philanthropic resources to help nonprofit community development groups
revitalize distressed neighborhoods.

Since 2007, Rural LISC has invested $3.4 million in the borough through the
Tamaqua Area Community Partnership.

"Threats to safety impact everyone; homeowners, renters, businesses and schools
all suffer in an environment in which safety is a question," Hoben said. "(The)
partnership is working closely with stakeholders throughout the community and
the Tamaqua police to develop a program that responds to specific local needs."

tragan@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2011 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111029-ZX-Tamaqua-lands-100K-grant
-from-national-organization-1029-20111029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2011 Standard-Speaker


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                              May 19, 2006 Friday

USDA awards $880,000 in grants to help rural businesses

BYLINE: Joe Grundle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 716  words


A northern Wisconsin organization with strong American Indian partnerships
received more than $880,000 in business and development grants from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture in Keshena on Wednesday.

USDA Rural Development awarded three grants to Northwoods NiiJii Enterprise
Community Inc., a Crandon-based organization whose partnerships include the
Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin, the Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior
Chippewa and the Sokaogon Chippewa Community of Mole Lake.

NNEC also partners with the counties of Vilas, Menominee and Forest, the
townships of Arbor Vitae, Woodruff, Minocqua, Boulder Junction, Lac du Flambeau,
Manitowish Waters and Nashville, and the city of Shawano.

"In rural communities, job retention is very important," said Frank Frassetto,
Wisconsin's state director of USDA Rural Development. "Areas of the north woods
that aren't around an economic engine like Eau Claire or Rhinelander have
difficulties generating business, not necessarily because of the business model
but because of what goes into making a business run - entrepreneurship, lending
issues and an educated and adequate work force. These grants will help NNEC put
in the necessary support structure for businesses, and they can take it from
there. "

The grants include a $389,000 rural business opportunity grant to provide
instructional and technical assistance to existing tribal personnel in the
administration and implementation of community benchmarks; a $300,000 rural
community development initiative grant for use in implementing training in
American Indian financial literacy, entrepreneurship and grant writing; and more
than $190,000 in enterprise community grants for use in technical assistance
programs, revolving loan programs and industrial improvements.

"Some of the exciting projects these grants will fund are a museum for the
Menominee, a forest products lab for the College of Menominee Nation, and water
distribution in Keshena and Neopit," said Patty O'Neill, executive director of
NNEC.

"In remote northern areas, there are always capacity issues in business, in
regards to the number of people as well as experience," said Frassetto. "These
grants will help build tribal capacity in terms of economic opportunities and
business expansion and retention to give businesses even more resources down the
road. "

Bigger plan

The grants support NNEC's 10-year initiative of developing more than 70
community projects as part of a $92 million federal, state and private sector
package designed to lead communities out of poverty and improve American Indian
quality of life.

"This go-around of grants seems more focused on the tribal entities, but
overall, all the communities involved with NNEC have benefited," said Frassetto.

NNEC is the only rural enterprise community in Wisconsin. Since its designation
in 1998, NNEC has matched each USDA Rural Development grant dollar with $81,
raised in the form of grants and loans from tribes and other partners in the
private sector.

As an officially designated "enterprise community," NNEC will receive nearly
$2.5 million in federal funding over a 10-year period, including the $300,000
USDA grant issued Wednesday.

"These grants started back in 1998 as a way of dealing with the persistent
poverty and social maladies of some of the state's northern communities and have
worked very well in building education, business and sustainable development,"
Frassetto said.

"Take a look at the Lac du Flambeau area, and you will see a number of
structures NNEC has tapped into to provide services, such as a day care center,
senior center, multifamily housing units and a tribal office, as well as quality
water, sewer and road infrastructure. They also have generated a single-family
housing program that provides the economic base for people to own and support
their own homes. "

Frassetto praised NNEC for taking conceived projects and making them happen,
while O'Neill pointed out the proof is in the numbers.

"Our mission is to alleviate poverty among these three tribes, which are three
of the poorest in the country," said O'Neill. "From the 1990 census to the one
in 2000, one in four people under the poverty line in these tribes has jumped to
middle class, and I think the improvement is going to be even greater in the
2010 census. "

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Border Community Capital Initiative

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Aug 26, 2013
Contact

Russell Quiniola or Thann Young
Phone: 877.787.2526 or 202.708.2290
Purpose

The Border Community Capital Initiative supports local rural nonprofits and
federally-recognized Indian tribes serving colonias with lending and investing
activities in affordable housing, small businesses, and community facilities,
and/or in securing additional sources of public and private capital for these
activities.

This program is designed to increase access to capital for affordable housing,
business lending, and community facilities in the chronically underserved and
undercapitalized U.S./Mexico border region. Specifically, it will provide direct
investment and technical assistance to community development lending and
investing institutions that focus on affordable housing, small business and
community facilities to benefit the residents of colonias.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are local rural nonprofits and federally-recognized Indian
tribes with demonstrated experience in lending or investing for affordable
housing, small business development, and/or community facilities.

Applicants may be certified CDFIs, but CDFI certification is not required.

Applicants must serve colonias - defined as as any identifiable community (i.e.,
with defined boundaries) within 150 miles of the United States-Mexico border in
Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas, that was in existence before November
28, 1990, excluding metropolitan statistical areas with populations exceeding
one million. The community must be determined to be a colonia on the basis of
objective criteria including the lack of potable water supply, lack of adequate
sewage systems, and lack of decent, safe, and sanitary housing.
Geographic
coverage  Arizona, California, New Mexico, and Texas.
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $2,000,000
Single applicants may apply for grants up to $200,000
A consortium of eligible applicants may apply for grants up to $1,000,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Housing
and homelessness, Arizona, California, New Mexico, Texas

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: Durbin, Duckworth Announce $284,200 In Federal Funding For Rural
Community Development In Fulton And Knox Counties

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Dick Durbin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL) and Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) today announced
$284,200 in federal funding for projects in Fulton and Knox Counties to support
rural community development projects. Today's funding, provided through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Community Development Initiative Grant, will
provide assistance to construct a new township building and install a new storm
siren.





 "This federal funding will help boost communities in Fulton and Knox Counties,
serving to create a new meeting place for Copley Township and increase safety
for residents of the Village of Bryant," said Durbin. "I will continue working
with Senator Duckworth to ensure that our state's rural communities have access
to the critical federal investments that drive economic growth."



 "Illinois communities deserve the resources they need to effectively serve and
protect hardworking families, which is why investments like these in Fulton and
Knox Counties are so important. I look forward to working closely with Senator
Durbin to secure more investments to support rural communities across our
state," Duckworth said.



 Under this announcement, the following projects will receive USDA funding:



 ·         Copley Township (Knox County): $250,000 loan and $20,000 grant to
construct a new 60 x 120" pole-type building to house township equipment as well
as a public meeting place, voting location, food pantry, warming center and
other public events.  The existing facility is over 125 years old and has
exceeded its useful life. This building will provide an essential community
service to approximately 348 residents of the township.

 ·         Village of Bryant (Fulton County): $14,200 grant to install a storm
siren in an area termed, "tornado alley". Installing this storm siren will help
ensure the public's safety within the village.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                 June 17, 2010

Millions in rural grants wasted: Nationals

BYLINE: FARRAH TOMAZIN AND PAUL AUSTIN

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 458  words


DAYS after unveiling a $631 million plan to revitalise the bush, the Brumby
government has been accused of wasting millions of dollars that should have gone
to some of the neediest rural communities.

Figures from the Auditor-General show that of the $10 million fund set up by the
government four years ago to improve life in rural towns, only $5.1 million in
grants has been given out so far, while a further $2.6 million has been
funnelled into ''administrative and operating costs''.

The fund - known as the Community Building Initiative - was designed to run
between 2006 and 2010 in a bid to strengthen rural towns, particular those
experiencing growth, population decline or disadvantage. Under the scheme, the
Department of Planning and Community Development provides grants to dozens of
regional towns for small projects that will benefit their communities, such as
park upgrades, new bike tracks or tourism brochures.

The program is meant to empower locals by giving them a say in the kind of
projects they want to pursue, while leveraging extra support from business and
community groups. But the way the funding has been spent has left the government
vulnerable to Coalition accusations of waste and mismanagement.

Nationals leader Peter Ryan likened the spending to the Building the Education
Revolution schools program, which has also come under fire for the amount of
money that gets soaked up in administrative costs.

''Brumby government bureaucracy has wasted taxpayer money that could have funded
a range of community projects across rural Victoria. It's appalling,'' Mr Ryan
said.

A spokeswoman for Community Development Minister Lily D'Ambrosio rejected Mr
Ryan's claims. She said most of the administrative costs - or about $1.5 million
worth - went on wages, and that these costs were kept low despite the fact staff
were overseeing projects in more than 100 towns. The operating budget - about
$1.4 million - went towards planning workshops as well as smaller projects such
as installing AFL goal posts at sports ovals or lights in recreational parks.

The stoush came as Premier John Brumby travelled to Ballarat to announce a jobs
coup for the regional city.

International information technology company Vertex will spend about $11.5
million on a new customer support centre in Ballarat, creating about 600 jobs
over the next three years.

The state government is understood to have provided millions of dollars worth of
incentives to the company to clinch the deal, but Mr Brumby said the precise
amount would not be made public because it was commercial-in-confidence.

He said the project would inject about $15 million a year into the local
economy. Ballarat mayor Judy Verlin said Vertex's decision was a vote of
confidence in the city.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday

Local projects get boost from USDA grants

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 401 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Planned projects throughout Windham County received more than $5
million in federal loans and grants at a USDA Rural Development presentation
Monday.

Representatives from the arts, education, transportation and conservation were
there to pick up their checks from USDA Rural Development state director Jolinda
LaClair and Gov. James Douglas.

LaClair recognized the wide variety of organizations that were there to receive
the money Monday, and acknowledged Southeastern Vermont's success in supporting
each of them to build a stronger overall community.

"The dreams are all the same," she said. "Brattleboro stood out. This is a $5
million investment within 10 miles. That is a lot of money."

USDA Rural Development gives out loans and grants to rural communities around
the country, concentrating on public facilities and services, economic
development and community development.

The money that was presented in Brattleboro will go to everything from
renovating a 35-year old day care center to upgrading a conservation minded home
building center.

"This is all about a quality of life," LaClair said as she introduced
Brattleboro Arts Initiative board member Pam Matweecha.

The ceremony was held in the Robert H. Gibson River Garden and LaClair said
Building a Better Brattleboro's work to save and renovate the space was a worthy
investment in the vitality of downtown.

Building a Better Brattleboro accepted a $140,000 loan and a $40,000 grant to
continue its work on the downtown public space.

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reform-er.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

The following area organizations received USDA Rural Development grants and
loans Monday:

* Building a Better Brattleboro: $140,000 loan and $40,000 grant for the Robert
H. Gibson River Garden.

* The Family Garden Day Care, Inc.: $50,000 loan and $56,000 grant to renovate
facility.

* Brattleboro Arts Initiative, Inc.: $45,000 grant to replace and upgrade
elevator at Latchis Hotel.

* ReNew Building Materials & Salvage, Inc.: $1.05 million loan to purchase and
renovate building.

* Hilltop Montessori School: $2.7 million in loans and loan guarantees for new
school.

* Windham Solid Waste Management District: $120,000 grant for technical
assistance and education.

* Connecticut River Transit: $550,000 loan guarantee for new facility in
Rockingham.

* Yellow Barn, Inc.: $425,000 loan to purchase eight rehearsal spaces.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Northern Miner (Australia)

                             June 24, 2008 Tuesday
                                  1 - Edition

Blueprint funding

BYLINE: Trudy Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 311 words


PROJECTS in Charters Towers and Hughenden will proceed thanks to the success of
Blueprint for the Bush funding applications.

The Charters Towers Regional Council has been given a $20,000 grant to develop a
youth strategic plan with Youth Network.

The plan is to identify youth related service providers, services and gaps in
the Charters Towers region.

Youth Network is running the project which will eventually look at ways of
filling the gaps in services available.

In Hughenden, the Kindergarten Association has received $17,919 for the
development of a five-year business plan.

Local Government Minister Warren Pitt said rural communities around Queensland
would benefit from the latest round of Blueprint for the Bush funding.

Mr Pitt said 21 organisations throughout the State will share in $604,863 in
State Government funding towards a range of community projects.

``The State Government's Blueprint for the Bush -- Strengthening Rural
Communities Program, offers grants to help rural communities develop and
implement projects to improve community capacity, access to transport services
and the image of rural areas,'' Mr Pitt said.

He said he was pleased to announce the details of the grants being distributed
through round three of the Our Place, Our Future initiative.

``Our Place, Our Future aims to strengthen and enhance relationships between
rural and urban areas, as well as building the networks and support needed to
attract and retain skilled workers,'' Mr Pitt said.

``One of the major goals of the Blueprint for the Bush is for communities to be
viable and strong, so it is important that they have access to funding
initiatives such as these.

``Our ongoing investment through the program helps to deliver practical measures
to address rural community development issues, assist effective community
engagement and help implement existing community plans.''

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: MIN


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

5 agencies the Trump budget proposal would eliminate

BYLINE: Silas Allen

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1130 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4666363[/img]President Donald
Trump released his first budget proposal on Thursday, including $54 billion in
cuts to federal agencies. The proposal would eliminate several federal agencies
outright. Here's a look at five of those agencies and what they do in
Oklahoma.[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]2217239[/img]Corporation for Public BroadcastingThe 50-year-old
federally funded nonprofit provides funding for public media, including two
public television networks and five public radio networks in Oklahoma. In 2014,
the most recent year for which data was available, the nonprofit gave about $2.9
million in grants to organizations in Oklahoma.In a statement released
Wednesday, CPB President Patricia Harrison called public media "one of America's
best investments.""There is no viable substitute for federal funding that
ensures Americans have universal access to public media's educational and
informational programming and services," Harrison said.

"The elimination of federal funding to CPB would initially devastate and
ultimately destroy&nbsp;public media's role in&nbsp;early childhood education,
public safety, connecting citizens to our history, and promoting civil
discussions - for Americans in both rural and urban communities.[pagebreak][img
width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4641379[/img]Corporation for National
and Community ServiceThe federal agency operates AmeriCorps, SeniorCorps, the
Social Innovation Fund and other initiatives.In Oklahoma, about 1,000 AmeriCorps
participants work at 295 locations across the state, according to figures from
the Corporation for National and Community Service. Another 6,433 SeniorCorps
participants act as foster grandparents, senior companions and volunteers at
1,129 sites across the state.Melinda Points, executive director of Oklahoma
AmeriCorps, a nonprofit organization that manages AmeriCorps programs in the
state, told The Oklahoman last month that most of the agency's programs in
Oklahoma are education-related. For example, 370 workers from AmeriCorps' Teach
for America program serve as teachers in the Tulsa, Oklahoma City, Lawton, El
Reno and Muskogee school districts.Many of the agency's volunteers work in rural
areas where no other agencies are in place, Points said."If AmeriCorps goes
away, there's nobody to step in," she said.In an interview last month with The
Oklahoman, Romina Boccia, a research fellow at the Heritage Foundation,
acknowledged that the agency does important work, but said those services are
better handled at the state and local level. The conservative think tank has
called repeatedly for the agency to be eliminated."We don't really need the fed
government involved in this," she said. "This is something that private
contributors can do on their own."[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]4611075[/img]National Endowment for the ArtsSince 1998, the
federal agency has awarded about $16 million in grants to Oklahoma agencies and
institutions. The large majority of that funding - about $12.6 million - went to
the Oklahoma Arts Council.Amber Sharples, executive director of the Oklahoma
Arts Council, told The Oklahoman last month that her agency uses those grants to
support arts initiatives in communities across Oklahoma, including rural parts
of the state, where it may not exist otherwise. The agency has given grants to
support community theaters in Hobart and Guymon, tribal powwows in Talihina and
Tonkawa and music festivals in Skiatook and Grove.The agency also gives grants
to individual institutions across the country, including the Lyric Theatre of
Oklahoma. In 2007, the theater used a $55,000 grant to stage a production of the
musical "Oklahoma!" starring Elk City native Kelli O'Hara in role of Laurey.The
agency has been a frequent target of budget hawks. In a policy paper released
last year, the Heritage Foundation called for the agency to be
eliminated."Taxpayer assistance of the arts is neither necessary nor prudent,"
the authors wrote. "Taxpayers should not be forced to pay for plays, paintings,
pageants, and scholarly journals, regardless of the works' attraction or
merit."[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]1393251[/img]National Endowment for the HumanitiesA sister agency
to the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the
Humanities gives grants to support research programs, historical preservation
projects and other work. Since 1998, the agency has given about $14.1 million in
grants to Oklahoma recipients, including about $8.7 million in state partnership
grants awarded to the Oklahoma Humanities Council.Ann Thompson, executive
director of the Oklahoma Humanities Council, told The Oklahoman last month that
the council uses that money to support research programs, historical
preservation projects and humanities programming around the state, including
Let's Talk About It, Oklahoma, a reading and discussion program that takes place
in cities and towns across the state."From our point of view, it's a great
investment that our federal government has made in this state," Thompson
said.Much like its sister agency, the National Endowment for the Humanities has
been a target of small-government advocates. In a policy paper released last
year, the government watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste called the
two agencies "examples of dabbling in fields that should be entirely free from
government intervention.""Actors, artists, and academics are no more deserving
of subsidies than their counterparts in other fields; the federal government
should refrain from funding all of them," the authors wrote. "Anything else is
anathema to taxpayers."[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]1436619[/img]Community Development Block Grant ProgramFunded
through the U.S. Department for Housing and Urban Development, the grant program
funds a number of initiatives for low-income Americans. Meals On Wheels, a
nonprofit program provides meals and other services to elderly residents,
receives a portion of its funding from the grant program.In 2016, the
organization provided nearly 3 million meals to about 29,000 Oklahoma residents,
including 500,000 veterans, the organization reported. Of those residents
served, 49 percent lived in rural areas and 28 percent lived in poverty.During
the 2015-2016 fiscal year, 29,790 Oklahoma City residents benefited from
Community Development Block Grant Program grants managed by the city of Oklahoma
City, according to city records.On Thursday, Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett
called on Congress to save the program.

Mayors need Congress to save CDBG. pic.twitter.com/jNwn6Zfkd4- Mick Cornett
(@MickCornett) March 16, 2017

//


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

5 agencies the Trump budget proposal would eliminate

BYLINE: Silas Allen

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1131 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4666363[/img]President Donald
Trump released his first budget proposal on Thursday, including $54 billion in
cuts to federal agencies. The proposal would eliminate several federal agencies
outright. Here's a look at five of those agencies and what they do in
Oklahoma.[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]2217239[/img]Corporation for Public BroadcastingThe 50-year-old
federally funded nonprofit provides funding for public media, including two
public television networks and five public radio networks in Oklahoma. In 2014,
the most recent year for which data was available, the nonprofit gave about $2.9
million in grants to organizations in Oklahoma.In a statement released
Wednesday, CPB President Patricia Harrison called public media "one of America's
best investments.""There is no viable substitute for federal funding that
ensures Americans have universal access to public media's educational and
informational programming and services," Harrison said.

"The elimination of federal funding to CPB would initially devastate and
ultimately destroy&nbsp;public media's role in&nbsp;early childhood education,
public safety, connecting citizens to our history, and promoting civil
discussions - for Americans in both rural and urban communities.[pagebreak][img
width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4641379[/img]Corporation for National
and Community ServiceThe federal agency operates AmeriCorps, SeniorCorps, the
Social Innovation Fund and other initiatives.In Oklahoma, about 1,000 AmeriCorps
participants work at 295 locations across the state, according to figures from
the Corporation for National and Community Service. Another 6,433 SeniorCorps
participants act as foster grandparents, senior companions and volunteers at
1,129 sites across the state.Melinda Points, executive director of Oklahoma
AmeriCorps, a nonprofit organization that manages AmeriCorps programs in the
state, told The Oklahoman last month that most of the agency's programs in
Oklahoma are education-related. For example, 370 workers from AmeriCorps' Teach
for America program serve as teachers in the Tulsa, Oklahoma City, Lawton, El
Reno and Muskogee school districts.Many of the agency's volunteers work in rural
areas where no other agencies are in place, Points said."If AmeriCorps goes
away, there's nobody to step in," she said.In an interview last month with The
Oklahoman, Romina Boccia, a research fellow at the Heritage Foundation,
acknowledged that the agency does important work, but said those services are
better handled at the state and local level. The conservative think tank has
called repeatedly for the agency to be eliminated."We don't really need the
federal government involved in this," she said. "This is something that private
contributors can do on their own."[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]4611075[/img]National Endowment for the ArtsSince 1998, the
federal agency has awarded about $16 million in grants to Oklahoma agencies and
institutions. The large majority of that funding - about $12.6 million - went to
the Oklahoma Arts Council.Amber Sharples, executive director of the Oklahoma
Arts Council, told The Oklahoman last month that her agency uses those grants to
support arts initiatives in communities across Oklahoma, including rural parts
of the state, where it may not exist otherwise. The agency has given grants to
support community theaters in Hobart and Guymon, tribal powwows in Talihina and
Tonkawa and music festivals in Skiatook and Grove.The agency also gives grants
to individual institutions across the country, including the Lyric Theatre of
Oklahoma. In 2007, the theater used a $55,000 grant to stage a production of the
musical "Oklahoma!" starring Elk City native Kelli O'Hara in role of Laurey.The
agency has been a frequent target of budget hawks. In a policy paper released
last year, the Heritage Foundation called for the agency to be
eliminated."Taxpayer assistance of the arts is neither necessary nor prudent,"
the authors wrote. "Taxpayers should not be forced to pay for plays, paintings,
pageants, and scholarly journals, regardless of the works' attraction or
merit."[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]1393251[/img]National Endowment for the HumanitiesA sister agency
to the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the
Humanities gives grants to support research programs, historical preservation
projects and other work. Since 1998, the agency has given about $14.1 million in
grants to Oklahoma recipients, including about $8.7 million in state partnership
grants awarded to the Oklahoma Humanities Council.Ann Thompson, executive
director of the Oklahoma Humanities Council, told The Oklahoman last month that
the council uses that money to support research programs, historical
preservation projects and humanities programming around the state, including
Let's Talk About It, Oklahoma, a reading and discussion program that takes place
in cities and towns across the state."From our point of view, it's a great
investment that our federal government has made in this state," Thompson
said.Much like its sister agency, the National Endowment for the Humanities has
been a target of small-government advocates. In a policy paper released last
year, the government watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste called the
two agencies "examples of dabbling in fields that should be entirely free from
government intervention.""Actors, artists, and academics are no more deserving
of subsidies than their counterparts in other fields; the federal government
should refrain from funding all of them," the authors wrote. "Anything else is
anathema to taxpayers."[pagebreak][img width="" height="" style=""
render="w620"]1436619[/img]Community Development Block Grant ProgramFunded
through the U.S. Department for Housing and Urban Development, the grant program
funds a number of initiatives for low-income Americans. Meals On Wheels, a
nonprofit program provides meals and other services to elderly residents,
receives a portion of its funding from the grant program.In 2016, the
organization provided nearly 3 million meals to about 29,000 Oklahoma residents,
including 500,000 veterans, the organization reported. Of those residents
served, 49 percent lived in rural areas and 28 percent lived in poverty.During
the 2015-2016 fiscal year, 29,790 Oklahoma City residents benefited from
Community Development Block Grant Program grants managed by the city of Oklahoma
City, according to city records.On Thursday, Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett
called on Congress to save the program.

Mayors need Congress to save CDBG. pic.twitter.com/jNwn6Zfkd4- Mick Cornett
(@MickCornett) March 16, 2017

//


LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are also available to public entities such as
municipalities, counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to
non-profit corporations and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application
process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care,
Schools, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application
process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care,
Schools, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2014 Friday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application
process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care,
Schools, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Schools,
Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Schools,
Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Schools,
Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Lincoln County joins economic development grant application

BYLINE: By Dianne Stallings dstallings@ruidosonews.com @RuidosoNews on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


Lincoln County commissioners approved participation in a regional economic
development initiative Tuesday. They agreed that the county can be listed on an
application for a Strong Economies Together grant.

County Manager Nita Taylor said Greg Cory, who heads community development for
the village of Ruidoso, asked the county to participate in a county wide
collaboration to secure the grant "to strengthen the capacity of
communities/counties in rural America to work together in developing and
implementing an economic development blueprint for their county region, one that
strategically builds on the current and emerging economic strengths of that
region."

Cory was not at the meeting, but Taylor explained that New Mexico is one of the
states invited to participate in the SET program.

Counties must be contiguous and each region must encompass three or more
counties. The population and/or geographic area of the region must be at least
51 percent rural or 75 percent of the region's land area must be located in
rural area of that region, she said.

"To date, a number of counties and municipalities have signed commitment letters
to actively participate in the SET planning process," she said. She listed them
as Sierra County, Catron County, Socorro County, village of Magdelena, city of
Belen, Carrizozo Works Inc., New Mexico Tech, New Mexico University, Western New
Mexico University-Valencia Campus, village of Ruidoso, Mescalero Apache Tribe
and city of Ruidoso Downs.

In a letter submitted to the county from Cory, the community development
director wrote that Lincoln County fits the grant criteria with wages that are
30 percent less than the state average and a 2.65 percent population decline in
the last 10 years, a $15 million decline in real estate sales for the first five
months of 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, a drop in student enrollment
at the Ruidoso campus of Eastern New Mexico University and in the municipal
school district, and a drop in gross receipts tax from last year of 8.8 percent.

The SET grant is sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development in partnership with the Southern Rural Development Center.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Peru officials apply for grant to upgrade water system

BYLINE: Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words


Jan. 18--Peru officials are asking for the public's help in applying for a grant
that will upgrade and improve the city's water treatment plant and water lines.

The city is applying for a Community Development Block Grant, which is offered
through the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs.

If the city is awarded the grant, the money would go toward projects to upgrade
the city's water systems.

As part of the application process, surveys have been randomly mailed to Peru
residents. Officials are asking that anyone who receives a survey to complete it
and return it in the self-addressed stamped envelope.

"Your support and participation is crucial to providing Peru the opportunity to
apply for grant dollars," officials with Peru Utilities said in a press release.

All information provided in the survey will be kept confidential and only a
collective summary will be included in the grant application. Official
representatives will never ask for any personal information such as
social-security numbers or bank account information.

Reminders will be sent to every household which does not complete a survey.
Every time surveys are mailed, it costs the city money for the postage and
material, "so we appreciate your reply to our initial survey mailing," officials
said.

A public hearing to discuss the grant is scheduled for 5 p.m. Feb. 1 at Peru
Utilities.

The Community Development Block Grant is a federally funded grant program that
benefits rural communities and funds initiatives such as planning studies,
improvements to community centers, wastewater, water, roads and bridges.

In order for communities to receive grant dollars, combined income levels must
be provided for households benefiting from the program.

___ (c)2017 the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170118-KO-Peru-officials-apply-for-grant
-to-upgrade-water-system-0118-20170118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2017 Kokomo Tribune


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Peru officials apply for grant to upgrade water system

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Jan. 18--Peru officials are asking for the public's help in applying for a grant
that will upgrade and improve the city's water treatment plant and water lines.

The city is applying for a Community Development Block Grant, which is offered
through the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs.

If the city is awarded the grant, the money would go toward projects to upgrade
the city's water systems.

As part of the application process, surveys have been randomly mailed to Peru
residents. Officials are asking that anyone who receives a survey to complete it
and return it in the self-addressed stamped envelope.

"Your support and participation is crucial to providing Peru the opportunity to
apply for grant dollars," officials with Peru Utilities said in a press release.

All information provided in the survey will be kept confidential and only a
collective summary will be included in the grant application. Official
representatives will never ask for any personal information such as
social-security numbers or bank account information.

Reminders will be sent to every household which does not complete a survey.
Every time surveys are mailed, it costs the city money for the postage and
material, "so we appreciate your reply to our initial survey mailing," officials
said.

A public hearing to discuss the grant is scheduled for 5 p.m. Feb. 1 at Peru
Utilities.

The Community Development Block Grant is a federally funded grant program that
benefits rural communities and funds initiatives such as planning studies,
improvements to community centers, wastewater, water, roads and bridges.

In order for communities to receive grant dollars, combined income levels must
be provided for households benefiting from the program.

___ (c)2017 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170118-LG-Peru-officials-apply-for-grant
-to-upgrade-water-system-0118-20170118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2017 Pharos-Tribune


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: White House Rural Council Hosts Forum on Regional Innovation Vilsack
Announces Loans and Grants to Create Jobs, Support Regional Economic Development

LENGTH: 945  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

The White House Rural Council met today with officials from economic development
districts, county governments and non-profit organizations to discuss ways to
replicate successful regional economic development strategies.

"Innovative regional development can work especially well in rural areas because
it helps communities share resources across boundaries such as county and state
lines," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "By focusing on one or a few
common sectors, regional development can produce greater economic returns."

The forum at the White House Eisenhower Executive Office Building is the second
on regional economic development. The first was held in June 2012. Vilsack, who
chairs the White House Rural Council, delivered the keynote address at this
today's forum.

The White House Rural Council coordinates the Obama Administration's efforts in
rural America by improving the effectiveness of federal programs. It works with
public and private-sector partners on new ways to solve problems.

Attendees included John Morgan and James Baldwin, representing the Appalachian
Spring economic development project in Southwest Virginia. This project received
an $815,000 Rural Jobs and Innovation Accelerator Challenge grant in 2012 to
integrate downtown revitalization plans with cultural assets and natural
resources. Also in attendance was Valerie Klinefelter of Central Sierra Resource
Conservation and Development, in Jackson, Calif. The organization received a
$250,000 Rural Business Opportunity Grant in 2010 to provide technical
assistance for regional development. William Bolin of the Northern Arizona
Council of Governments is representing the Copper Corridor Stronger Economies
Together (SET) initiative. SET is a USDA initiative that helps rural communities
bring together local stakeholders to development strategic economic development
plans.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) commitment to regional economic
development spans several department wide initiatives. The The Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food Initiative coordinates the Department's work on local and
regional food systems to grow regional economies, preserve regional agricultural
heritage and create additional opportunities for regional farmers and ranchers.
USDA's Strike Force Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity aligns USDA
resources to promote economic stability, job opportunities and regional growth
in targeted high poverty areas. It leverages efforts with the private sector and
community partners.

For more information on these initiatives and to read success stories, visit
www.usda.gov.

During today's forum, Vilsack announced the selection of 186 projects for USDA
Rural Development loans and grants to support economic development in rural
communities. The funding is being provided through the Community Facilities
program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business Opportunity
Grant Program and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.

In funding announced today, the Fresno Community Development Financial
Institution will be able to continue its regional economic development work
because it has been selected for a $500,000 Intermediary Relending Program loan
to support business development in central California. The organization will
re-lend the money to public and non-profit groups that will establish revolving
loan funds to support local businesses.

The Little Colorado River Plateau RC&D will receive a $50,000 Rural Business
Opportunity Grant to provide forest-based business development services in the
Cibecue region of Arizona. The organization coordinates technical and financial
assistance programs for Native American and other residents of Navajo County.

The city of Albion, Mich., will receive a $32,000 Community Facilities grant to
establish a community food hub and purchase commercial kitchen equipment. The
project will allow hub operators to provide education and job training on food
preparation and processing.

Funding for each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement. View the
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/WHRC_News_Release_Chart_9182013.pdf
here. In total, Vilsack today announced more than $27 million in support for
regional and economic development projects in 32 states and the District of
Columbia. USDA remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of
significant budget uncertainty. Today's announcement is one part of the
Department's overall efforts to strengthen the rural economy.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Secretary Vilsack are
committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster sustainable economic
prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner for businesses,
entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             April 2, 2006, Sunday

Benedum Foundation grants total $11.67 million

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3B

LENGTH: 3673 words


The Pittsburgh-based Benedum Foundation last year gave out 116 grants in West
Virginia totaling $11.67 million, or an average of $100,000 per grant.

The grants were used to promote and improve economic development, education,
health and human services, and community development.

"We're pleased to make these investments in organizations that we feel can
improve the quality of life for many West Virginians," said Beverly Walter, vice
president for programs. "A lot of these are statewide projects and really do
reach a lot of people."

The foundation gives roughly two-thirds of its grant money annually to West
Virginia, where the late oil wildcatter Michael Benedum was born and got his
start buying oil leases from rural landowners. The other third goes to Benedum's
adoptive city of Pittsburgh and to three counties of southwestern Pennsylvania
that border West Virginia.

Since its inception in 1944, the foundation has given $191 million in
philanthropic grants to West Virginia organizations.

Michael Benedum and his wife, Sarah, began the foundation as a memorial to their
only child, Claude Worthington Benedum, who died in the influenza epidemic of
1918 while serving in the U.S. Army.

At year's end, the foundation had assets of $378 million, up from $364 million
last year. The foundation gave out a total of $16.7 million in 2005, including
roughly $5 million in Pennsylvania.

Here is a complete list of Benedum grants awarded during 2005 to West Virginia
groups:

The Alliance for Children Inc., Charleston, $200,000, continued support to
improve services for children requiring out-of-home placement; $25,000, truancy
diversion social work services at middle and high schools in McDowell County;

Barbour County Community Development Corp., Philippi, $35,000, Alliance of
Champion Communities Capacity Building Project;

Camcare Health Education and Research Institute Inc., Charleston, $5,000, needs
assessment and business plan to create a Geriatric Center of Excellence for
Kanawha Valley and surrounding areas;

Center for Aging and Healthcare in West Virginia Inc., Parkersburg, $100,000,
spread over four years to support Neighborhood M.A.P. (More Active People) in
Wood County;

Center for Effective Philanthropy Inc., Cambridge, Mass., $25,000, survey of
grantees regarding foundation practices and effectiveness;

The Center for Rural Health Development Inc., Dunbar, $200,000, matching grant
for the West Virginia Rural Health Access Program that includes recruitment and
retention of providers, management assistance program, leadership development,
and an infrastructure loan fund;

Change Inc., Weirton, $60,000, to assist Free Clinic in becoming a federally
qualified health center serving Brooke and Hancock counties;

University of Charleston, $75,000, to support Innovation West Virginia project
to encourage and support growth of entrepreneurship in the state;

College Summit Inc., Washington, D.C., $100,000, spread over two years to expand
program to promote college enrollment and retention;

Community Collaborative Inc., Charleston, $65,500, for continued support for the
Sustainable West Virginia Communities Leadership Development Program in
2005-2006;

West Virginia Leadership Network, $30,000, for coordination, communications, and
evaluation development;

Community Foundation for the Ohio Valley Inc., Wheeling, $200,000, for flood
assistance for the Upper Ohio Valley; $50,000, for staffing support to grow
endowment;

Community Visions Foundation Inc., Morgantown, $325,000, spread over two years
for visioning services and coordination of a regional community development
strategy;

CommunityWorks in West Virginia Inc., Charleston, $45,000, continued operating
and program support in 2005 for low-income housing initiative;

Concord University Foundation Inc., Athens, $25,000, continued support for
Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative to develop a professional
development school model of teacher preparation at public institutions in the
state;

The Corridor G Regional Community Foundation Inc., Logan, $35,000, matching
funds to support efforts of Alliance of Champion Communities to assess current
broadband use and availability, and to work with residents and businesses of
seven rural distressed communities to increase use and availability of
high-speed broadband telecommunication;

Discover the REAL West Virginia Foundation Inc., Charleston, $25,000, operating
support;

Eastern West Virginia Community Foundation, Martinsburg, $120,000, over three
years for staffing support for two new affiliates in Hardy and Hampshire
counties;

The Education Alliance - Business and Community For Public Schools Inc.,
Charleston, $477,573, over three years for education research and expansion of
business/school partnerships for academic improvement;

EdVenture Group Inc., Morgantown, $155,000, over two years for integration of
21st Century Skills training in West Virginia's K-12 science curricula; $70,000,
for creation of a summer institute to introduce educators and students to the
field of biometrics;

Fairmont State University Foundation Inc. (formerly Fairmont State Foundation
Inc.), $5,000, for continued support for Partnerships for Teacher Quality
Initiative to develop a professional development school model of teacher
preparation at public institutions in the state;

Federation of Appalachian Housing Enterprises Inc., Berea, Ky., $50,000, for
continued operating support for low-income housing initiatives in 2005;
$100,000, for continued operating support for low-income housing initiatives in
2006;

First Commitment Foundation Inc., Wheeling, $45,000, for continued expansion of
board training for West Virginia nonprofit board members and support to build a
framework to maintain delivery of training and support services;

The Francis Foundation for the Arts, doing business as The Appalachian Education
Initiative Foundation, Morgantown, $84,800, for pilot of a model of
arts-integrated learning into elementary curricula and professional development
of generalist teachers;

Gilmer County Family Resource Network Inc., Glenville, $31,200, for four-county
collaboration to develop a system to create and sustain a community development
structure that brings together local leaders to identify and solve community and
economic development problems and share best practices on a regional basis;

Glenville State College, Glenville, $22,000, for continued support for
Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative to develop a professional
development school model of teacher preparation at public institutions in the
state;

Great Kanawha Resource Conservation and Development Area Inc., Cross Lanes,
$50,000, organizational development and use of the Community Visions process to
support the Kanawha, Putnam Gateway Project involving development and promotion
of Point Pleasant/St. Albans region;

Greater Kanawha Valley Foundation, Charleston, $10,000, continued support of a
funding pool for proposed sustainable development projects in Kanawha and Putnam
counties;

Harrison County Child Abuse Task Force Inc., Clarksburg, $50,000, for
establishment of a Child Advocacy Center serving Harrison County;

Hopeful Housing Inc., Wheeling, $30,000, over two years for operating support
for low-income housing initiatives;

The Hopewell Fund Inc., Wheeling, $250,000, to expand operations to build
capital fund, regional presence, and impact;

Hospice of Huntington Inc., $65,000, to develop palliative care and hospice care
curriculum for medical, nursing, and social work students;

Huntington Area Habitat for Humanity, $50,000, for start-up costs to establish a
ReStore to serve Cabell and Wayne counties;

I-79 Development Council Inc., Fairmont, $100,000, to update the North Central
West Virginia Biometrics Cluster study to initiate an action plan to develop the
biometrics industry and provide staff to implement the plan;

Institute for Scientific Research Inc., Fairmont, $30,000, to development of a
bioinformatics curriculum for employers in West Virginia and Southwestern
Pennsylvania;

Jefferson County Development Authority, Charles Town, $78,000, for
organizational development of Gateway New Economy Council to promote technology
business development in the Eastern Panhandle region;

Kings Daughters Child Care Center Inc., Wheeling, $30,000, on behalf of the
Harmony House Children's Advocacy Center, expansion of the service area to
include Marshall County;

KYOWVA Planned Giving Council, Huntington, $30,000, to support Leave A Legacy
West Virginia, an outreach program to increase planned gifts to West Virginia's
nonprofit organizations;

Literacy West Virginia Inc., Dunbar, $150,000, to provide mini grants and
technical assistance to local literacy organizations across the state;

Marion County Foundation Inc., Fairmont, $100,000, over two years to establish
the Community Foundation of North Central West Virginia serving Harrison and
Marion counties and possible further expansion into the region.

Marshall University Foundation Inc., Huntington, $20,500, in continued support
for Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative to develop a professional
development school model of teacher preparation at public institutions in the
state; $171,000, to implement a program to improve the quality of obesity,
asthma, well-child exams and risky behavior assessments in 50 school-based
health centers in West Virginia;

Marshall University Research Corp., Huntington, $350,000, over two years for
Rahall Transportation Institute to develop new transportation industry
businesses in West Virginia through a business incubator;

Mission West Virginia Inc., St. Albans, $52,100, matching funds for the STEP UP
program to provide free community technology centers including computer skills
training, job readiness training and soft skills tutoring in rural distressed
counties in West Virginia; $125,000, matching funds to support the Wellspring
Center to build organizational capacity of faith-based and community-based
organizations;

City of Morgantown, $225,000, over three years on behalf of Community Visions
Foundation, to support the newly created Federation of NonProfits;

Mountain Cap of West Virginia Inc., Buckhannon, $15,700, to purchase
construction materials and for travel expenses for Group Work Camp to be held in
Upshur County between October 2005 and August 2006;

Mountain Partners in Community Development Inc., Elkins, $25,100, for
development of a Management Support Organization to serve the nonprofit
community in Randolph County for the purposes of strengthening collective and
individual operational capacity, leveraging resources, and better serving
citizens and the community;

Mountaineer Food Bank Inc., Gassaway, $100,000, for transportation costs and
upgrades to technology;

Natural Capital Investment Fund Inc., Shepherdstown, $250,000, for expansion of
outreach and community partnership development efforts and to leverage matching
funds;

North Central West Virginia Community Action Association Inc., Fairmont, $8,500,
as part of local match needed by Group Work Camp to repair more than 70 homes in
Barbour and Taylor counties;

Office of the Governor, Charleston, $219,000, for expansion of a computer
maintenance program to eight West Virginia high schools;

Parkersburg Community Foundation, $37,000, for staff support for the Mason
County and Little Kanawha Area Community Foundation Affiliates;

The Progress Fund, Dawson, Pa., $250,000, for expansion of programs to promote
tourism in West Virginia;

Region 4 Planning and Development Council, Summersville, $95,000, over two years
for initiation of Connected Technologies Corridors, a southern West Virginia
regional organization whose goal is to develop, recruit, nurture and coordinate
technological businesses and resources for an 11-county service area;

Regional Family Resource Network Inc., Charleston, $15,000, for developmental
support for the Boone County Child Advocacy Center;

Shepherd University Foundation Inc., Shepherdstown, $6,000, for continued
support for Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative to develop a
professional development school model of teacher preparation at public
institutions in the state;

Southern Appalachian Labor School Foundation Inc., Kincaid, $25,000, matching
grant to purchase building materials to repair houses for low-income residents
of Fayette County through Group Work Camp; $50,000, for administrative support
for low-income housing initiatives in 2006;

Southern West Virginia Community and Technical College, Mount Gay, $50,000, in
continued support for APPALREAD family literacy program serving more than 350
children in Logan, Lincoln, Mingo, McDowell, Wyoming, and Boone counties;

Student Conservation Association Inc., Charlestown, N.H., $125,000, for West
Virginia Sustainable Communities Project to deploy 10 interns to serve two West
Virginia Alliance for Champion Communities to organize, educate, and assist
local organizations in developing effective pollution prevention practices;

Tamarack Foundation Inc., Beckley, $175,000, to enhance career opportunities for
West Virginia artisans;

Team for West Virginia Children Inc., Huntington, $270,000, for promotion and
coordination of statewide efforts to reduce child abuse and neglect as a
credentialed chapter of Prevent Child Abuse America;

Telamon Corp., Martinsburg, $64,283, to increase affordable housing development
capacity in Hampshire, Hardy, Mineral, Berkeley and Jefferson counties;

United Way of Central West Virginia, doing business as LifeBridge, Charleston,
$75,000, for support for family literacy programs in 20 counties of West
Virginia;

United Way of Harrison County, Clarksburg, $75,000, to increase and sustain
leadership giving in seven communities;

Upshur County Child Advocacy Center Inc., Buckhannon, $12,900, for continued
development of Upshur County Child Advocacy Center;

West Liberty State College Foundation Inc., $35,000, for continued support for
Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative to develop a professional
development school model of teacher preparation at public institutions in the
state;

West Virginia Association of Free Clinics Inc., Charleston, $250,000, for
statewide enrollment of diabetic patients served by free clinics in a diabetes
management program;

West Virginia Community Development Partnership Inc., Charleston, $150,000, for
implementation of Standards for Excellence Training and Certification for West
Virginia nonprofit organizations; $70,000, for the West Virginia Conference on
Entrepreneurship;

West Virginia Community Voices Inc., Charleston, $10,000, to provide stipends to
health professions students and community leaders to attend the 2005 Rural
Health Conference; $50,000, for research, identification, and documentation of
prenatal wellness and birth outcomes in West Virginia and development of ways to
improve birth outcomes; $57,000, to increase the quality of child health by
identifying areas of improvement, partnering with national organizations for
technical assistance, and working with community health centers, physicians, and
others who provide medical care for children;

West Virginia Council for Community and Technical College Education, Charleston,
$100,000, to assist students attaining their GEDs to successfully transition
into post-secondary education;

West Virginia Council of Churches, Charleston, $75,000, to provide two community
organizations in Nicholas and Fayette counties with training, information, and
other technical assistance to support parents in avoiding use of hospital
emergency departments for nonemergency child health care; $65,400, to support
the West Virginia Healthy Kids and Families Coalition's 2005 Children's Health
Conference and regional discussions leading to development of a long-term child
health agenda;

West Virginia Department of Education, Charleston, $200,000, to implement a
statewide professional development program in mathematics for elementary school
teachers; the money helped fund seminars for elementary school teachers last
summer to extend a National Science Foundation-designed standards-based middle
school math program named Merit down to elementary schools.

West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources, Charleston, $250,000, to
connect Family Resource Networks across the state with the necessary equipment
and training in order to establish standards for planning, development,
assessment, design, and evaluation of community service coordination; $256,000,
to support the West Virginia Office of Healthy Lifestyles and community
development activities designed to reduce obesity in West Virginia;

West Virginia Economic Development Foundation Inc., Charleston, $76,000, for
organizational and public outreach associated with implementation of the
Blueprint for Entrepreneurship developed as part of Vision Shared, the state's
economic development plan; $100,000, in matching funds for the ARC-funded
Flex-E-Grant program providing grants to build individual, organizational, and
community capacity in distressed counties of the state;

West Virginia High Technology Consortium Foundation, Fairmont, $100,000, over
two years to support FastTrac, an entrepreneurship educational program to help
create new businesses or expand existing enterprises;

West Virginia Hospital Research and Education Foundation, Charleston, $75,000,
to support Babies to Business: Building Brains from Day One, a project to
educate families and caregivers about infant brain development and the role they
play in this development; $110,000, to establish the West Virginia Center for
Patient Safety, implement Critical Access Hospital Network Performance
Improvement Initiative, and evaluate and develop a demonstration waiver to
implement Project Vision;

West Virginia Kids Count Fund Inc., Charleston, $30,000, for continued support
of Reach Out and Read and Building Blocks of Literacy programs as part of the
Partners in Early Learning Initiative; $137,000, for evaluation of existing
Early Child Development System, development of strategies to improve quality and
assure accountability, and development of innovative public and private funding
mechanism;

West Virginia Medical Foundation, Charleston, $180,000, to support the Healthy
Lifestyles Coalition, Healthy Communities Designation Program, and Healthy West
Virginia Summit to be held in 2006;

West Virginia Public Broadcasting Foundation Inc., Charleston, $78,000, to
deliver a digital data stream of instructional materials called Chalkwaves to 29
at-risk rural schools in West Virginia;

West Virginia State University Foundation Inc., Institute, $23,000, for
continued support for Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative to develop a
professional development school model of teacher preparation at public
institutions in the state;

West Virginia University Foundation Inc., Morgantown, $250,000, over two years
for second-year funding for operating expenses for the West Virginia University
Business Incubator; $95,000, for continued support for the Community Lay Helper
Program, promoting cancer education efforts through leadership training and
project mini grants to 18 rural communities; $50,000, for second-year funding
for Geriatrics Educators of the Medical Schools of West Virginia to improve
education of clinicians and other health professionals in caring for the rural
elderly; $40,000, for continued operation of the West Virginia Entrepreneurship
Initiative of the Entrepreneurship Centers at West Virginia University and the
University of Charleston; $135,000, for continued development of West Virginia
Seniors Project to increase outreach efforts and expansion of WVSeniors.org
online resources; $15,000, for technology transfer and commercialization
organizational cataloging research; $150,000, over two years for implementation
of CARDIAC, a school-based heart disease and diabetes risk factor surveillance
program with interventions linked to schools and RHEP; $50,000, in support for
CARDIAC Intervention Director and further development of the Web-based
instructional modules, Take Charge for Teens; $100,000, for continued
development and implementation of Family Storyteller, Reading Partners, and
Energy Express; $75,000, for research, policy, and development of pilot projects
to improve access, quality, and outcomes of children's health services in West
Virginia; $129,500, for continued support for Partnerships for Teacher Quality
Initiative to develop a professional development school model of teacher
preparation at public institutions in the state; $500,000, over three years as
final grant to ensure sustainability of palliative care services in West
Virginia by developing skilled health-care professionals and an informed public;
$210,000, over two years for implementation of statewide collegiate business
plan competition; $160,000, over t

wo years for student internship program to provide assistance to start-up
business ventures; $50,000, to support the Health Sciences and Technology
Academy Club projects focused on healthy nutrition and physical activity;
$50,000, for development of the State Technology Transfer and Commercialization
Blueprint;

Wheeling Hospital, Wheeling, $75,000, for development and dissemination of
testicular self-examination outreach program for high school boys in conjunction
with the West Virginia Department of Education;

Wood County Schools, Parkersburg, $37,400, over two years for
institutionalization of a heart-health screening and intervention program for
students, implementation of a countywide physical education curriculum, and
research regarding the relationship of body mass index to variables such as
academic achievement and fitness;

WV Welfare Reform Coalition Inc., Charleston, $75,000, to strengthen the
statewide Earned Income Tax Credit campaign and evaluation of results of a
locally designed outreach strategy in a six-county region;

WVU at Parkersburg Foundation Inc., Parkersburg, $34,000, for continued support
for Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative to develop a professional
development school model of teacher preparation at public institutions in the
state.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           March 22, 2017, Wednesday

Bill to establish anti-poverty project advances

BYLINE: Erin Beck Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 835 words


By Erin Beck Staff writer

The House Health and Human Resources Committee on Tuesday approved a bill that
would direct the state's minority affairs office to create an anti-poverty
initiative in one area of the state.

Last Tuesday, Bill White, executive director of the Herbert Henderson office of
Minority Affairs, and the Rev. Matthew Watts, of the HOPE Community Development
Corp., appeared before the committee to answer questions about the bill.

At the time, the bill would have renamed the agency the Herbert Henderson Office
of Inclusion and directed the office to establish a "community-based pilot
demonstration project, for the duration of four years, to develop a model to
promote public health through comprehensive community development in communities
across West Virginia.

The pilot project would operate on the West Side of Charleston and operate out
of "a centrally located building owned by a local nonprofit organization to
coordinate services for members of the community and be "overseen by a
collaborative of local nonprofit organizations who would "leverage existing
resources. Its objective would be "to create a template to address poverty,
substance abuse and other social determinants of health; to improve community
and populations' health; to improve labor force participation; and to support
economic development through comprehensive community development in rural,
suburban and urban communities across West Virginia.

Watts pointed out that the state has no anti-poverty plan.

The office already is charged with reviewing research on policies that
disproportionately affect minority populations, applying for and awarding
grants, and making recommendations to the governor and Legislature.

Tuesday afternoon, the committee approved an amended version of that bill which
would not change the agency's name and would leave the location of the pilot
project up to the office's director. Charles Roskovensky, chief counsel for the
committee, explained after the meeting that bills may not show favor to one
particular area.

But White has expressed interest in establishing the project on the West Side.

He said during last week's meeting that numerous agencies already are working on
anti-poverty initiatives on the West Side, and that his office would encourage
collaboration.

Supporters are not asking for additional funding for the office. Its budget
currently is about $150,000, but it also has the ability to raise money. It has
a two-person staff.

"It gives me more work, but it also makes me more productive, White said.

Some delegates asked several questions about the name change during that
meeting. Delegate Kelli Sobonya, R-Cabell, suggested "Inclusion be replaced with
"Equal Opportunity.

White had said "by changing the name, it also allows me to work with people who
are poor, no matter what their racial or ethnic background is.

The bill is based on a 2015 bill that previously passed both legislative bodies
but was vetoed by former Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin. In his veto letter, Tomblin said
the agency "lacks sufficient financial resources, human resources and time to
devote itself to the considerable local undertaking outlined in this bill.
Tomblin also said the bill's "focus on minority issues should not be local; it
should be general and statewide.

That bill was sponsored by Delegate Mike Pushkin, D-Kanawha. Pushkin also is
championing the bill this year, but the version being considered was introduced
by House leadership on behalf of the governor.

Supporters, at the time, said that Carolyn Stuart, former director of the
minority affairs office, did not support the bill. The Daily Mail reported at
the time that she said she might have supported it if had she been involved in
its development.

In an interview following last week's meeting, White said he needs legislative
approval not for funding purposes.

"It gives me clout because it is sanctioned by statute, he said. "It also
encourages all the agencies to come together.

Asked whether West Side successes could be replicated in dissimilar,
less-populated areas, White said that specific actions may vary by area but the
template would provide "ideas.

"You've got leaders in those communities, he said. "A lot of them just don't
know what to do to get started.

The Charleston branch of the NAACP is supporting the project.

According to a preliminary Marshall University report prepared by The Center for
Community Growth and Development in the College of Business, about 77 percent of
West Side residents had a high school degree in 2014, compared to 90.1 percent
in Charleston as a whole. The median income of the West Side was $25,825,
compared to $47,582 in all of Charleston. About 32 percent of West Side families
lived below the poverty level.

Black people make up 22.7 percent of the West Side population, compared to 8.1
percent in all of Charleston, according to the report, provided by Watts.

Reach Erin Beck at erin.beck@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-5163,
Facebook.com/erinbeckwv, or follow @erinbeckwv on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Charleston Newspapers


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            February 4, 2005 Friday

Bush to Seek Merging of CDBG, 17 Other Development Programs

BYLINE: Matthew Vadum

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 351 No. 32064

LENGTH: 1035  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Bush administration will ask Congress to eliminate the Community

Development Block Grant program and 17 other far-flung federal economic and

community development programs and replace them with one consolidated program

that would have a total budget about 26% below the current funding level of

CDBG, senior administration officials said yesterday.

Several municipal market participants immediately warned that the

proposal appeared to be designed to eventually eliminate funding for all 18

of the development programs.

The 18 programs, including CDBG, would be moved from the departments of

Housing and Urban Development, Treasury, Health and Human Services, and

Agriculture to the Commerce Department and be consolidated and administered

by an as-yet-unnamed agency that the administration has proposed to create

within Commerce.

Officials said the dramatic proposal will be outlined in the

administration's fiscal 2006 budgetary blueprint on Monday, and legislation

aimed at implementing the changes will be sent to Congress in the summer.

HUD presently administers CDBG, a program whose grants are often

leveraged in municipal bond transactions. HUD would lose control over CDBG,

which is divided into formula grants and so-called set-asides, the National

Community Development Initiative, the Brownfields Economic Development

Initiative, the Rural Housing and Economic Development program, Urban

Empowerment Zones Round II grants, and HUD Community Development Loan

Guarantees, also known as the Section 108 program, which would all be moved

to Commerce under the new proposal.

Although Congress appropriated about $5 billion for all of CDBG in the

current fiscal year, the administration will propose a total of $3.71 billion

in funding in fiscal 2006 for the proposed new program, which will be named

the Strengthening America's Communities Grant Program, officials said.

However, administration officials were unable to cite how much was

appropriated this fiscal year for all 18 programs.

When asked whether municipal market participants would be able to sell

bonds backed by funds under the new program, an official said it was

"premature to talk about the implementation" of the program.

Commerce Secretary Donald Evans hailed the plan to consolidate the 18

programs as a "bold strategy" that would help strengthen the economy and

communities, during a teleconference for reporters yesterday. Evans said the

proposal was consistent with President Bush's management agenda, which

emphasizes results, market-based solutions, and promoting innovation through

competition. "This advances that agenda and puts decisions back in the hands

of local officials," he said.

Putting the programs under one roof would make it easier for communities

to get federal development assistance, HUD Secretary Alphonso Jackson said on

the same call. "Today communities have to navigate a maze of federal

programs" in order to get help, Jackson said.

Despite the proposal, which would transfer control of seven HUD programs

to Commerce, Jackson said his department would "continue to play a vital role

in America's communities." Jackson hinted two weeks ago that the funding

levels in the proposed HUD budget for fiscal 2006 would be markedly lower

than the funding levels Congress appropriated for the department for the

current fiscal year. The HUD 2006 budget will be "fiscally conservative," he

told a U.S. Conference of Mayors' meeting on Jan. 19.

At the same time, the two cabinet members said the administration will

propose in the budget blueprint next week funding all of the federal

government's 35 economic and community development-related grant, loan, and

tax incentive programs that are currently administered by seven agencies at

the level of $15.5 billion, down from $16.2 billion in the current fiscal

year.

Municipal market participants reacted to the unveiling of the proposed

Strengthening America's Communities Grant Program with varying degrees of

shock and skepticism.

One source who did not wish to be identified said there was "no

conceivable justification for combining CDBG with other programs unless the

real goal was to eliminate or seriously cut it back." The proposal, along

with the proposed revisions to Social Security that Bush unveiled in his

State of the Union address Wednesday night, constitute "an across-the-board

attack on the New Deal" created by Congress and President Franklin D.

Roosevelt in the 1930s, he said.

Jim Hunt, first vice president of the National League of Cities, said

CDBG was a program "that works." Hunt said he was wary of the proposal to let

the Commerce Department oversee the federal government's community and

economic development efforts.

"If CDBG turns into a support mechanism for corporate America that is

just providing additional funds for wealthy corporations then that is not a

good thing ... HUD is better positioned for these types of projects," said

Hunt, who is also a City Council member in Clarksburg, W. Va.

John C. Murphy, executive director of the National Association of Local

Housing Finance Agencies, said he was "dismayed" by the proposal, which he

said had "very little chance of passing Congress where committee chairs

jealously guard jurisdiction." Murphy said CDBG is "not broken" and therefore

does not need to be fixed.

Murphy also questioned the wisdom of moving CDBG -- which Sen. George

Voinovich, R-Ohio, last month called "the finest federal program ever

created" -- to the Commerce Department. "Commerce programs are not focused on

job creation for low- and moderate-income persons, which is at the core of

CDBG," Murphy said.

Anthony Freedman, a housing lawyer with bond law firm Hawkins Delafield &

Wood here, said the new proposal was "the beginning of potentially very

serious cuts in housing and urban development programs."

Freedman, a former deputy assistant secretary at HUD from 1979 to 1981,

described CDBG as "an extremely successful program that operates with

remarkably little federal constraint and direction." It would be difficult to

imagine CDBG or any program like it thriving at Commerce because that

department has no experience in dealing with urban development issues,

Freedman said.

Copyright 2005 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.

http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2005 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

BIZ BUZZ: Pulaski Co. nearer winning grant funding

BYLINE: Sarah Einselen, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 497 words


Dec. 13--WINAMAC -- Pulaski County recently drew closer to receiving economic
development assistance and funding through a new program designed for rural
economic development.

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann last week announced six semifinalist communities
for the Hometown Collaboration Initiative, which was unveiled at regional
conferences around the state in October, according to a press release from
Ellspermann's office.

The program essentially replaces the former HomeTown Competitiveness program run
through OCRA. For the inaugural HCI program year, five communities are expected
to receive the HCI designation, which should be announced in early 2015.

Program details on OCRA's website indicate the five finalist communities would
receive training and technical assistance, data preparation and seed funding
from the program.

The initiative is open to communities of fewer than 25,000 people that want to
expand their pipeline of local leaders, strengthen and expand jobs by building
on existing economic assets and improve the attractiveness and quality of life
of their hometowns.

Pulaski County's population was estimated to be at 13,007 in 2013, the most
recent year for which data is available from the Indiana Department of Workforce
Development.

A core principle of HCI is that broad-based input and buy-in is vital to the
long-term success and sustainability of all community development initiatives.

The newly designed program is administered by the Indiana Office of Community
and Rural Affairs in partnership with Ball State and Purdue Universities.

Eligible applicants were asked to choose between three building blocks: Economy,
leadership and "placemaking," or focusing on a hometown's natural and built
resources.

The application consisted of six open-ended questions that demonstrated the
community's ability and need to participate in the program as well as identified
the current strengths and weaknesses. Additionally, they were asked to explain
why their community was prepared for this program.

Other semifinalists included Corydon, Lebanon, Rushville, Seymour and Perry
County.

The next step in the selection process is community site visits conducted by the
HCI team this week. Each location will have a 90-minute session with the HCI
team to further elaborate on its need for the program.

For further information on the Hometown Collaboration Initiative or to contact a
regional Community Liaison with questions, visit www.in.gov/ocra/2732.htm or
http://www.in.gov/ocra/2330.htm.

The Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs' mission is to promote rural
community prosperity to strengthen Indiana's economy by providing
capacity-building solutions to assure ready, marketable and competitive
opportunities for economic growth.

Reach Sarah Einselen at sarah.einselen@pharostribune.com or 574-732-5151.

___ (c)2014 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141213-LG-BIZ-BUZZ-Pulaski-Co-nearer-winning-grant
-funding-1213-20141213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2014 Pharos-Tribune


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Weston County Gazette (Upton, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

USDA ANNOUNCES GRANTS FOR DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES TO STRENGHTHEN RURAL
COMMUNITIES

BYLINE: Weston County Gazette staff

LENGTH: 365  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of community
based organizations in 18 states to receive funding to pro-mote economic growth.
USDA Rural Development Rural Housing Administrator Tammy Trevino made the
announcement on Vilsack's behalf while attending an event with Senator Blanche
Lincoln at the Arkansas Studies Institute in Little Rock. The organizations will
receive more than $6.5 million in total grants to support rural economic
development efforts.

In Wyoming, $251,706 in Rural Development funding will be used to provide
technical assistance to low-income communities through the highly successful
Community Assessment program offered by the Wyoming Community Network. The
assistance will focus on economic development, community facility development,
energy conservation and efficiency, and housing. Forty-three communities in 17
counties are eligible.

Additional funding for the project has also been provided by
Manufacturing-Works, Wyoming Rural Development Council, Wyoming
Entre-preneur.BIZ, Wyoming Economic Development Association, Wyoming Chamber of
Commerce Executives, Wyoming Association of Municipalities, Converse Area New
Development Organization, and the Wyoming Business Council.

The funding announced is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural
Community Development Initiative Program which helps community based development
organizations, federally recognized Indian tribes and other groups promote
economic growth in low-income, rural communities. Recipients are required to
obtain matching funds, increasing the value of the grants. The grants are
awarded to public or nonprofit intermediary organizations. The funds are then
provided to recipients, which must be located in eligible rural areas. Funding
of individual recipients is contingent upon their meeting die conditions of the
grant agreement. The grant awards announced today are not provided tiirough the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

Individuals or businesses interested in fur-ther information regarding the USDA
Rural Development and our programs may call (307) 233-6700 (Wyoming State
Office) or visit our web site at http://www.rurdev.usdti.gov/wy/.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Weston County Gazette


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 6, 2013

Revitalizing New Mexicos historic centers of commerce;
SBDC

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 831  words


New Mexico Economic Development Department

New Mexico's historic rural communities are revitalizing their business
districts. New businesses, new jobs and lots of investment in New Mexico's
economy--those are results of the Economic Development

Department's Main Street Program, Frontier Communities Initiative and the Arts &
Cultural Districts Program. How could your community benefit?

Economic development in New Mexico is often a joint effort of individual
communities and the state's Economic Development Department (EDD), which
oversees multiple programs designed to bolster the state's infrastructure and
support the entrepreneurial ambitions of New Mexicans.

Three high profile initiatives are the New Mexico MainStreet Program and two
programs that fall under its umbrella: the Frontier Communities Initiative and
the Arts and Cultural Districts Program.

MainStreet Makeovers

The MainStreet Program is the oldest and biggest of the three initiatives. Since
1985, it has provided state support to communities that adopt a consensus
approach to revitalizing their core commercial neighborhoods. Such makeovers are
the foundation for creating or strengthening businesses, stimulating job
creation and generating tax revenues -- all while preserving local cultural and
historic assets.

Locals are the heart of the MainStreet program, but the state pitches in with
free training in design, promotion and publicity, organization and economic
positioning. This "Four Point Approach" is a creation of the National Main
Street Center, an auxiliary of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.

Tangible benefits have been realized in 23 New Mexico towns that participate in
the MainStreet Program, including Artesia, Belen, Clovis, Deming, Grants, Las
Cruces, Las Vegas, Truth or Consequences, Raton and Zuni Pueblo. In 2012 alone
the program was credited with the net growth of 134 new businesses, 622 jobs and
nearly $17 million in private sector reinvestment in New Mexico.

Small-Town "Frontiers" Under the leadership of Governor Susana Martinez, our
department and the cooperation of the Legislature, the Economic Development
Department launched the Frontier Communities Initiative in 2013 to boost
economic development in rural communities of fewer than 7,500 people. The effort
is coordinated by the New Mexico MainStreet Program and, like that program,
strives to breathe new life into a traditional or historic commercial district
or corridor. It, too, relies on grass-roots supporters -- locals who are
committed to working together to sustain community development beyond the life
of an individual project.

Communities can apply through a government sponsor or an economic or community
development organization to refurbish a streetscape, building or other site with
historic significance.

The state offers technical assistance and other resources to Frontier
communities, but it doesn't provide direct funding. The number of projects
selected each year depends on legislative appropriations.

Building on Arts, Culture

New Mexico adopted its Arts and Cultural Districts Program six years ago to
consciously promote arts and culture as part of the state's economic development
picture. The program aims to draw attention to the state's distinctive cultural
and artistic riches and to help communities support and capitalize on those
resources to improve their economic vitality and quality of life.

Las Vegas and Silver City were the first towns to establish Arts and Cultural
Districts in 2008; Taos, Los Alamos, Raton and the Albuquerque Downtown Action
Team later joined them.

EDD's MainStreet Program, the Department of Cultural Affairs and the Department
of Tourism are among the state agencies that partner with the Museum of New
Mexico Foundation and the McCune Foundation to help the districts with planning.
The state also offers tax credits for the rehab of culturally significant
structures.

For more information on these and other economic development programs, contact
Rich Williams, director of the New Mexico MainStreet Program at 505-827-0168 or
visit www.nmmainstreet.org.

An archive of SBDC Business Reports can be found at
http://www.grantcountybeat.com/index.php/archived-items

Small Business Development Center assistance is for anyone interested in
beginning, improving, or expanding a small business. The SBDC specializes in
individual counseling while offering services in a confidential environment. In
addition to the workshop, keep in mind the Western New Mexico University Small
Business Development Center staff cart assist you in the development of your
business plan or any other issues on which you may need guidance. Best of all
these services are free of charge. Make your appointment by contacting us at
538-6320 or at sbdc@wnmu.edu For more information regarding our many business
services visit us at www.nmsbdc.org/silvercity/index.html.

Western New Mexico University and the SBDC will be closed for the Thanksgiving
holidays November 25 through November 29.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Bath Chronicle

                                 June 22, 1998

Bids for cash flood in from rural shops;
 INITIATIVE: scores of applications for grants to boost businesses

SECTION: News, Pg.9

LENGTH: 319 words


A SCHEME designed to breathe new life into village shops by awarding grants in a
bid to preserve vital rural services has been inundated with applications.

The initiative to help boost village shops by awarding grants of up to 1,500 was
launched by Bath and North East Somerset Council and South Gloucestershire
Council.

Scores of shops have applied for cash to help improve the service they offer and
councillors are being asked to increase the money available in order support
further projects.

The local authorities established a Village Shop Development Scheme to boost
rural economies and improve the amenities for countryside dwellers.

Grants from 500 to 1,500 are available with shopkeepers having to put up a
minimum of 50 per cent towards improvements.

The scheme is restricted to village shops selling a full range of groceries and
household products in a settlement of fewer than 3,000 people.

A business assessment of the application is carried out by the Rural Development
Commission retail advisor, whose report and recommendations are then put to the
officers of the partnership for final approval.

So far the scheme has received 18 applications, of which 17 have been approved
for grants totalling 7,997 with shopkeepers contributions coming to more than
15,453.

Six shops in the Bath and north east Somerset area have made applications,
include outlets in Bathampton, Hinton Charterhouse, Bishop Sutton and Clutton.
All six have been approved.

In a report to B&NES economic development committee, Steve Wheeler, community
development executive, said: "Village shops make a significant contribution to
the rural economy. Measures to improve their viability can enable them to offer
improved services for local residents, businesses and visitors."

Members of the committee will decide whether to give another 3,000 to the scheme
at a meeting next Monday.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1998 Bristol United Press


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal Community
Development

LENGTH: 979  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012. For an interactive look at USDA's work to improve our Civil Rights record,
visit the USDA Results project



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal Community
Development

LENGTH: 1024  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 http://www.usda.gov/cgi-bin/usdarss.pl?navid  At the 8th Tribal Nations
Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in Washington, Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's support for tribal
communities with $9 million in new funds to support community development and
education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
has invested more than $3 billion in economic development efforts for Native
Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012. For an interactive look at USDA's work to improve our Civil Rights record,
visit the USDA Results project on Medium.com This is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. and read Chapter Eight: The People's Department: A New Era for Civil
Rights at USDA

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 13, 1997

Fed Aim Is Credit Access for All

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 835 words

HIGHLIGHT: The Fall 1996 edition of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis'
Community Dividend newsletter contains an article addressing the question of why
the Fed is involved in community development.  Excerpts from the article are
presented as our Open Forum.


The economic vitality of individual communities ultimately affects the health of
our overall economy, and a community's economic vitality depends on people's
access to credit to build businesses and purchase homes.

Thus, the community affairs function at the Reserve Banks consists of helping
every participant - be it an individual or a community - gain equal access to
the credit markets and to the information necessary to participate in those
markets.

Since lower-income individuals and communities are most in need of such help,
the Reserve Banks concentrate their efforts on those participants.

As early as 1981, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
recognized the need for community reinvestment education.

Fifteen years later, community affairs fulfills the System's mission of
supporting community development activities and promoting fair and equal access
to credit.  To that end, community affairs:

* encourages partnerships among public and private organizations to help deliver
credit to low and moderate income individuals and neighborhoods;

* informs financial institutions and community organizations about the
availability of public and private development resources;

* promotes understanding of the rights and responsibilities of individuals,
communities and financial institutions regarding CRA and HMDA; and

* provides information to increase understanding of community needs for
affordable housing and small-business development.

Notice that the Fed does not participate directly in specific projects.  We
neither make loans nor provide grants to organizations or programs.

We leave direct participation to governmental agencies such as the Department of
Housing and Urban Development and the Small Business Administration, which are
chartered for this purpose.

Within the overall mission of supporting community development and promoting
fair and equal access to credit, each of the 12 Reserve Banks sets its own
community development program based on local needs.

In the Ninth District, we have one large metropolitan area, approximately 50
Indian reservations and a geographically large area of smaller cities, towns and
rural areas.

Just as the demographics vary across the district, so do the development issues
facing our communities.

Some communities have a need for additional affordable housing that is so acute
it impedes job-creation efforts.  Other communities have housing that needs
renovation and residents who need jobs close to home.

Finally, some communities' most urgent need is job creation.

The need for community development assistance varies greatly across the Ninth
District.

For example, some communities have many active community development
participants while others are trying to mobilize their resources.

Thus, we have divided our Community Affairs program into three sectors: small
cities/rural areas, Indian country and the Twin Cities metropolitan area.

We based these sectors on the geography and demographics of the district, the
types of issues facing each sector and the need for community development
assistance.

Small cities and rural areas comprise the largest part of our district.  About
60% of the Ninth District population lives in these areas.

Often, the most pressing development need is for affordable housing.  The need
for community development assistance in these communities varies.  Banks and
others in the community also look to us and the other banking regulators for
training and education on CRA and fair lending.

During 1995 and 1996, we sponsored four training sessions on CRA aimed at
community representatives and bankers and participated in four sessions aimed
just at bankers.

To address affordable housing needs, we met numerous times with public and
private community members to seek understanding of and solutions to affordable
housing issues in the small cities and rural areas in our district.  We also
participated in meetings of rural housing partnerships in two states, South
Dakota and Minnesota

Last, along with representatives from state and Federal public agencies and
private organizations, we helped plan an Affordable Homes Congress in Brainerd,
MN, in October 1996.

The goal of this seminal event was to seek solutions to single-family affordable
housing problems.

The congress provided a venue for discussion of successful partnership
arrangements and new and creative public and private affordable housing
initiatives.

To continue addressing the need for affordable housing, we plan to sponsor an
initiative in 1997 to address housing development issues present in rural areas
and small cities of the Ninth District.

The collective population of the approximately 50 Indian reservations in the
Ninth District represents about 2 percent of the district's population.  Most of
the reservations face chronic and severe development issues.

Some reservations have unemployment rates as high as 50 percent to 80 percent,
and much of the housing is substandard.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Coleraine Times

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Big Telly Theatre Legacy Grant

LENGTH: 314  words


The Big Telly Theatre Company in Portstewart is among eight community and
voluntary groups set to benefit from a City of Culture Legacy Grant from the
Community Foundation for Northern Ireland's Acorn Fund.

Supported by the Big Lottery Fund, the 2013 City of Culture Legacy Grants were
awarded to  wide-ranging quality arts and culture initiatives across County
Londonderry.

The local professional touring theatre company will use its grant to support a
project entitled Machinations', part of Big Telly's ongoing older people's
outreach programme. The initiative will bring together older men who would not
define themselves as creative, and support them to use their practical skills
and knowledge to make moving sculptures. Each sculpture, made up of suitable
scrap material, will have its own distinct personality and will reflect local
history, myth and legends.

The sculptures will then be interpreted in collaboration with local community
groups, schools or special interest groups and exhibited locally.

Zoe Seaton, Big Telly's Artistic Director said: We are delighted about this
award which will enable us to engage with older men in rural areas on the North
coast, as part of an exciting NI wide project.

"Machinations is a unique intersection between visual art and theatre, inviting
participants to use technical, mechanical and creative skills to make
fantastical mobile sculptures which reflect their personality, history and
identity.'

Other recipients of the Legacy Grant include; the Foyle Down Syndrome Trust,
Glasgowbury Rural Key Programme (Draperstown), Learmount Community Development
Group Ltd (Park Village), Liberty Consortium, the North West Play Resource
Centre, Nerve Centre and Guildhall Press.

These projects will aim to promote health and well-being within their
communities, help young people to break marginalisation patterns and address
rural isolation.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INCR


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 24, 2015 Friday

West Virginia: Benedum Foundation continues support of WVU with latest grants

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia University, The state of West Virginia has issued the following
news release:

The Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation awarded four grants to West Virginia
University during June totaling $546,000. These grants will benefit various
programs and initiatives at WVU, including: Rural Revitalization through
Downtown Development ($235,000): Grant funding received by the Rural
Revitalization through Downtown Development initiative, part of Northern West
Virginia Brownfields Assistance Center which is housed at National Research
Center for Coal and Energy, will support the community-driven downtown building
redevelopment portfolio. Through this project, communities with capacity and
leadership committed to downtown development will be identified and aided in the
process of prioritizing projects, sharing data, and increasing rural economic
development in rural downtowns. WV Feedback on Student Learning Outcomes
($100,000): The WV Feedback on Student Learning Outcomes initiative at the
College of Education and Human Services will carry out a survey and analysis of
public comment on West Virginia Common Core education standards. The web-based
survey will be available for public comment, and an expected 10,000 comments
will be collected regarding WV Next Generation content standards and objectives.
Following the survey administration, results will be analyzed and
recommendations for possible standards revision will be submitted to the West
Virginia Board of Education. Appalachian Vision Outreach Program ($115,000):
Through this program through the WVU Eye Institute, grant funds will be used to
further the reach of vision clinics to underserved individuals in West Virginia.
This initiative collaborates with already existing community health clinics.
AVOP was established in 2011 by funding from the Benedum Foundation, serving
four counties in the first year. In 2012, AVOP was able to expand to seven
counties. SIPPS Legal Education Clinic Phase II ($96,000): The Student
Intellectual Property and Patent Services Project at the WVU College of Law
assists WVU student innovators in pursuit of obtaining provisional patents. A
pilot of the program began in 2013, and the Benedum funds will help to fuel the
second phase of this project. Expansion of the program will assure in the
continuation of assistance for students with ideas who want to push their ideas
into the market. With this latest round of funding, grants to WVU from the
Benedum Foundation for FY15 total more than $2 million. WVU Foundation Senior
Vice President of Development and Chief Development Officer B.J. Davisson said,
"We express our sincere appreciation to the Benedum Foundation for its continued
support of so many different projects and initiatives at WVU. Its impact through
private giving has touched the lives of so many West Virginians. We are
extremely grateful for the generosity shown year after year." The Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation was established in 1944 by West Virginia native
and oil and gas industry businessman Michael L. Benedum. The Benedum Foundation
provides grant funding to projects and initiatives throughout West Virginia and
Pittsburgh, two places that Benedum and his wife, Sarah, called home during
their lifetime together. Through the Benedum Foundation, funds are made
available to projects and programs in the areas of education, economic
development, health and human services, community development and civic
engagement.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

McConnell Helps Kentucky Habitat for Humanity Secure Federal Assistance

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator  Mitch McConnell, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced Monday that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) has approved a request to provide $54,400 in
funding to help Kentucky Habitat for Humanity (KyHFH) continue its important
work in the Commonwealth. Senator McConnell contacted the USDA on behalf of
Kentucky Habitat for Humanity in support of its application.  According to the
Kentucky Habitat for Humanity, the competitive federal grant will be used to
support 38 of its 51 affiliates in Kentucky, several of which serve counties in
the federally-designated Promise Zone in eastern Kentucky.

"I was happy to work with officials at the Kentucky Habitat for Humanity in
support of their competitive grant, and am pleased USDA has acknowledged the
importance of this organization," Senator McConnell said. "The funding will be
used to help the organization provide construction equipment and technical
assistance for Habitat affiliates in rural Kentucky in an effort to expand and
improve affordable housing options."

Mary Shearer, Executive Director of Kentucky Habitat for Humanity, said, "As a
recipient of the USDA's RCDI (Rural Community Development Initiative) grant,
KyHFH has the opportunity to provide our rural Habitat affiliates a 3-year
concentration and consistent agenda of educational learning opportunities that
will not only benefit our 40+ rural affiliates in Kentucky, but the low-income
Kentucky families we serve. KyHFH and our affiliates want to express our sincere
thanks to Senator McConnell for the letter he wrote to the USDA in support of
our application. Whenever KyHFH has reached out to Senator McConnell for his
support, he has always been there.  We know this has made a significant
difference in our awarding of not only the USDA RCDI grant, but also our
certification in 2010 as a CDFI (Community Development Financial Institution).
Thank you Sen. McConnell, on behalf of our 51 Habitat affiliates in 59 Kentucky
counties and the hundreds of families we serve on an annual basis."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Times

                             March 13, 2012 Tuesday

Ararat - Ararat Rural City Council has been

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 529 words


Ararat - Ararat Rural City Council has been successful in securing grants
totalling more than $5 million dollars which will see a variety of projects
carried out throughout the municipality.

Council's infrastructure program for 2011-2015 was a big winner receiving
$1,867,082 through the Department of Planning and Community Development's Local
Government Infrastructure Fund, while $1,414,000 was received for flood recovery
works through the Department of Treasury and Finance's Natural Disaster Grants
program.

The Department of Sustainability and Environment awarded council a grant of
$659,120 through the Sustainability Accord Fund round five to develop a regional
bioenergy program, through which council is a partner, involving council
contributing $22,100 of in- kind works.

Through the Country Roads and Bridges initiative VicRoads awarded Council
$605,000 towards the Eversley Crowlands Road Bridge joint project with the
Pyrenees Shire, which will involve the replacement of the timber bridge on
Boundary Road.

Reconstruction works will take place in Hucker Street after $297,000 was awarded
by VicRoads and the Country Roads and Bridges Initiative.

Other projects which will go ahead after council was successful in receiving
grants include:

Back Bolac Road rural reconstruction works - $88,000.

Buninjon West, replace bridge with crown units - $88,000.

Upgrade of the Wickliffe Recreation Reserve building - $70,000.

Employment of a Bioenergy Support officer (council is a partner only) - $49,500
($4750 in kind).

New guard rail projects on Quamby, Pope and Cathcart roads - $22,000.

Ararat Rural City Recreation and Aquatic Centre Feasibility Study - $20,000
($20,000 council contribution - required a commitment in the 2011/2012 budget).

Green Hill Lake fencing and tree planting - $11,330.

Council is also awaiting notification of grants for a closed circuit television
system for the Barkly and High streets CBD area, new netball courts at Alexandra
Oval, resurfacing of four tennis courts at Willaura Tennis Club, installation of
an accessible entrance ramp at the Ararat Bowls Club and engagement of a person
to work with volunteer groups to understand their needs better and identify
gaps.

Council was also unsuccessful in many grant applications including more than
$4.5 million for the redevelopment of Alexandra Oval Community and Recreation
Centre.

Other grant applications knocked back included those for a two part strategic
study on land use issues surrounding residential, commercial and industrial land
in Ararat and land use issues of Ararat small towns and the form and function of
their residential, commercial and industrial land; reprofiling of Alexandra Oval
surface and associated works; restoration of the Boer War Memorial Fountain in
front of the Performing Arts Centre, although council will pursue other funding
sources and opportunities; Ararat Streetscape stage four, Ingor to Ligar Street;
Alexandra Oval Community and Recreation Centre, sports specific component;
upgrading of Warrayatkin Road; solar powered community halls; development of a
youth charter; and upgrading of the Performing Arts Centre entrance to meet
accessibility standards.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ararat Rural City Council was unsuccessful in securing funding to
refurbish the Ararat Performing Arts Centre fountain, a memorial to the Boer
War. Ararat Rural City Council was unsuccessful in securing funding to refurbish
the Ararat Performing Arts Centre fountain, a memorial to the Boer War.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Wisconsin: Village of Darien Celebrates Opening of New Municipal Building

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

United States Congressman Paul Ryan and USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State
Director, Stan Gruszynski, joined the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation
(WEDC) and the Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien; along
with village leaders, for a ribbon cutting ceremony today to celebrate the
completion of construction of the Village of Dairen's new municipal building.

Located in the historic downtown business district, the new building now houses
both the Village offices and the Village police department.

"I would like to commend those local officials and community leaders who worked
to bring this proposal to reality. The result is a safe, modern, community
facility for village business, community events, and public use," said Stan
Gruszynski, USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State Director. "It stands as a
sensible and practical example of the importance of initiative, cooperation, and
federal appropriations toward making positive difference in the function of
local government and the citizens served by their action."

Previously, the Village of Darien's administrative and police offices were
located in two separate buildings, both 70-plus years old and in need of
significant upgrades. By consolidating the Village Hall and Police Department
into one expanded facility, the village will experience both cost and efficiency
savings. The construction project included a remodel of the village-owned
building; demolition of several old, vacant adjacent buildings; and the
construction of a new addition. The completion of new Village Hall will help to
revitalize the downtown area and the community.

"This is the perfect combination of government working for the people. This is
the first investment for our historical downtown redevelopment program. The
Village of Darien purchased this property ten years ago with hopes of building a
Municipal Building. After years of saving, and the help of WEDC and the USDA
Rural Development program, this is nothing short of a dream come true for our
residents.   We could not have funded this project without their assistance,"
said Diana Dykstra, Executive Director of the Community Development Authority of
the Village of Darien.

"We are pleased to support Darien in a project that not only provides a more
efficient and modern municipal building, but also has the potential to spur
future development downtown," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the
state's lead economic development agency. "This project is special to me because
Darien was the first community to receive one of our Community Development
Investment Grants, a program that has since benefited dozens of communities
around the state."

In the process the State Historical Preservation Office determined the location
of the Village's municipal building to be a site of historical significance. The
Village of Darien is applying to have the downtown area listed as a historic
district on the Register of Historic places for the State of Wisconsin and the
National Register of Historic Places.

The Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien received a
$1,473,000 Community Facilities Direct Loan from USDA Rural Development and a
$50,000 Community Development Investment Grant from Wisconsin Economic
Development Corporation (WEDC). The Community Development Investment Grant was a
new program launched in 2013 and the Village of Darien was the first community
to receive this Grant.

USDA Rural Development's Community Facility Programs provides financial
assistance for the development of essential community facilities in rural areas
and towns of up to 20,000 in population. Loans, guarantees and grants are
available to public entities for the construction, purchase, and/or renovation
of various essential community facilities. These facilities include schools,
libraries, childcare centers, hospitals, medical clinics, assisted living
facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations, community centers, public
buildings and transportation projects.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Wisconsin. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $4.5 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging
businesses, water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Wisconsin
families. Each year more than 100 rural communities in Wisconsin receive
assistance from USDA Rural Development for community-improvement and
public-safety projects..

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs in a way that will
support increasing economic opportunity and improve the quality of life of rural
residents. As the lead federal agency for rural development needs, USDA Rural
Development returned over $832 million dollars this past year to rural Wisconsin
communities. Funds are used to finance and foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technological infrastructures.
Further information on USDA Rural Development programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting the web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Village of Darien Celebrates Opening of New Municipal Building

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

United States Congressman Paul Ryan and USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State
Director, Stan Gruszynski, joined the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation
(WEDC) and the Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien; along
with village leaders, for a ribbon cutting ceremony today to celebrate the
completion of construction of the Village of Dairen's new municipal building.

Located in the historic downtown business district, the new building now houses
both the Village offices and the Village police department.

"I would like to commend those local officials and community leaders who worked
to bring this proposal to reality. The result is a safe, modern, community
facility for village business, community events, and public use," said Stan
Gruszynski, USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State Director. "It stands as a
sensible and practical example of the importance of initiative, cooperation, and
federal appropriations toward making positive difference in the function of
local government and the citizens served by their action."

Previously, the Village of Darien's administrative and police offices were
located in two separate buildings, both 70-plus years old and in need of
significant upgrades. By consolidating the Village Hall and Police Department
into one expanded facility, the village will experience both cost and efficiency
savings. The construction project included a remodel of the village-owned
building; demolition of several old, vacant adjacent buildings; and the
construction of a new addition. The completion of new Village Hall will help to
revitalize the downtown area and the community.

"This is the perfect combination of government working for the people. This is
the first investment for our historical downtown redevelopment program. The
Village of Darien purchased this property ten years ago with hopes of building a
Municipal Building. After years of saving, and the help of WEDC and the USDA
Rural Development program, this is nothing short of a dream come true for our
residents.   We could not have funded this project without their assistance,"
said Diana Dykstra, Executive Director of the Community Development Authority of
the Village of Darien.

"We are pleased to support Darien in a project that not only provides a more
efficient and modern municipal building, but also has the potential to spur
future development downtown," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the
state's lead economic development agency. "This project is special to me because
Darien was the first community to receive one of our Community Development
Investment Grants, a program that has since benefited dozens of communities
around the state."

In the process the State Historical Preservation Office determined the location
of the Village's municipal building to be a site of historical significance. The
Village of Darien is applying to have the downtown area listed as a historic
district on the Register of Historic places for the State of Wisconsin and the
National Register of Historic Places.

The Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien received a
$1,473,000 Community Facilities Direct Loan from USDA Rural Development and a
$50,000 Community Development Investment Grant from Wisconsin Economic
Development Corporation (WEDC). The Community Development Investment Grant was a
new program launched in 2013 and the Village of Darien was the first community
to receive this Grant.

USDA Rural Development's Community Facility Programs provides financial
assistance for the development of essential community facilities in rural areas
and towns of up to 20,000 in population. Loans, guarantees and grants are
available to public entities for the construction, purchase, and/or renovation
of various essential community facilities. These facilities include schools,
libraries, childcare centers, hospitals, medical clinics, assisted living
facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations, community centers, public
buildings and transportation projects.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Wisconsin. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $4.5 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging
businesses, water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Wisconsin
families. Each year more than 100 rural communities in Wisconsin receive
assistance from USDA Rural Development for community-improvement and
public-safety projects..

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs in a way that will
support increasing economic opportunity and improve the quality of life of rural
residents. As the lead federal agency for rural development needs, USDA Rural
Development returned over $832 million dollars this past year to rural Wisconsin
communities. Funds are used to finance and foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technological infrastructures.
Further information on USDA Rural Development programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting the web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



            Letcher County Community News-Press (Cromona, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 28, 2015

Grant Poposals Being Accepted

BYLINE: Letcher County Community News-Press staff

LENGTH: 601  words


The Center for Rural Development and Brushy Fork Institute of Berea College are
accepting grant proposals from Letcher County for the next cycle of funding for
the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) Flex-E-Grant program.

The Flex-E-Grant (FEG) program, designed by the ARC, provides small investments
in short-term projects that build community capacity to mobilize local
resources, gain leadership experience, and strengthen community institutions and
networks.

Grants are subject to approval for up to $10,000, require a 20 percent match of
total project costs, and are to be completed within a six-month timeframe. FEG
funds are made available on a reimbursement basis only.

All Kentucky counties designated by the ARC as distressed for fiscal years
2013-2014 are eligible to apply. Competitive grants are available for nonprofit
entities or units of government in 40 Kentucky counties that are interested in
developing projects that build community capacity.

"These grants target communities and nonprofit organizations that have goo\i,
creative ideas, but lack the financial resources to turn those ideas into
reality," said Lonnie Lawson, president and CEO of The Center. "This funding
will assist communities in developing or furthering plans and strategies that
will help fuel positive and tangible economic and community development activity
in our region for years to come."

The FEG program was generated from the ARC's initiative to enhance assistance to
distressed counties, and each approved project must demonstrate beneficiaries in
a distressed Kentucky county.

Although the primary intent is to support efforts that help develop local
capacity, eligible activities may also include collaboration among communities
in support of existing and emerging regional development efforts, such as
Shaping Our Appalachian Region (SOAR), Promise Zone, and other regional capacity
building initiatives.

"For the past several years, people in distressed Appalachian counties in
Kentucky have used Flex-E-Grants for projects that truly engage residents in
improving their own communities," said Donna Morgan, director of Brushy Fork
Institute. "We are pleased to partner with The Center for Rural Development to
continue providing these resources."

Flex-E-Grants may be awarded for a variety of capacity building projects,
including strategic planning and management processes for communities or
nonprofit groups; implementation of projects from a community-based strategic
plan; training for citizen leaders, local officials, management and staff from
nonprofit community agencies as well as boards or commissions; support for
initiatives that enhance leadership, planning and management capacity for
distressed counties, such as initiatives to increase collaboration, interaction
and access to information; and use of professional services to assess a
project's feasibility, to offer consulting advice on a strategy, and to support
application development.

The Center, through its Developing and Implementing Community Strategies
program, and Brushy Fork Institute of Berea College administer program ftmds in
partnership with the Kentucky Department of Local Government and the ARC.

Proposals are due by 5 p.m. (EST) on Feb. 23, 2015. Digital files are preferred
and may be emailed to arc@centertech.com The period of performance for these
grants is from April 1-September 30, 2015.

For more information, contact Patti Simpson at The Center for Rural Development,
606-677-6000, psimpson@centertech.com or Rodney Wolfenbarger at Brushy Fork
Institute of Berea College, 859-985-3859, or email wolfenbargerr@berea.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LCH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2015 Letcher County Community News-Press


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Inner-City Lending Program Has Much Riding on Election

                          November 16, 2000, Thursday

BY LISA DAIGLE

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



Maurice A. Jones, director of the Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund, has a special reason to be on pins and needles about who will win the
presidency.

The fund -- basically two programs overseen by the Treasury Department that make
grants to banks and other financial institutions to steer toward community-based
projects -- is small by federal budget standards, at roughly $100 million a
year. But it has a distinctly Democratic pedigree.

Presidential candidate Bill Clinton proposed it in 1992. Republicans assailed it
soon after it began operation two years later.

Vice President Gore is expected to preserve the fund if he becomes President.
But though Gov. George W. Bush also supported the fund's approach on the
campaign trail, officials have worried that as President he would kill it.

Mr. Jones was promoted to head the fund last month after longtime Director Ellen
Lazar left to become executive director of the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corp.
He and his allies already have their sales pitch ready for a GOP administration
if necessary.

Their argument is that the fund is a self-help initiative, giving worthy
borrowers normally overlooked by loan officers a chance to start a new business
or develop a project that creates jobs or housing in a low-income community.

"Philosophically, this is a program that should be embraced by all sides of the
political spectrum," said Mr. Jones, who was previously deputy director for
policy and programs.

"The CDFI fund uses Republican means to achieve Democratic goals," said Mark A.
Pinsky, president and chief executive officer of the Philadelphia-based National
Community Capital Association, which represents some of the fund's recipients.
"This is what compassionate conservatism is all about."

Indeed, proponents of the fund programs hope to capitalize on the political
instability created by the close presidential election, and razor-thin
majorities for Republicans in the House and Senate.

How so? Lawmakers may seek opportunities to emphasize bipartisan cooperation,
Mr. Jones said, and pass noncontroversial legislation. He argued that the
initiative's goal of encouraging riskier lending in underserved communities
should appeal to conservatives who want a private-sector solution to the problem
of little or no lending available to people and businesses in poorer areas, and
should also appeal to liberals who want to increase government support to the
underprivileged.

Yet the program will have to overcome its partisan history. Critics such as Sen.
Richard Shelby and Rep. Spencer Bachus, both Republicans of Alabama, said the
program was initially steering money toward friends of the Clintons.

Funding proved significantly lower than the $1 billion over four years that the
President had sought to foster the creation of 100 new community development
banks in inner cities and rural areas. But the funding has grown steadily over
the years. Congress appropriated $118 million for the fiscal year that began
Oct. 1, more than double its initial $50 million budget in 1995. But Financial
Institutions Fund officials responded to the criticism and made improvements to
the program, which led House Banking Committee Chairman Jim Leach and some
fellow Republicans in recent years to compliment the program's improved
management.

The fund provides grants to banks and thrifts, credit unions, community
development banks, loan funds, and venture capital funds to increase lending and
investment in inner-city and rural areas that are typically underserved. Grants
are made through two programs, the Community Development Financial Institutions
program for community-based funds and the Bank Enterprise Awards for traditional
financial institutions.

The fund has made 507 CDFI program awards worth $294.4 million since 1996; and
433 Bank Enterprise Award grants worth $135.2 million have been made to banks
and thrifts that have invested in community development banks or been active on
their own in distressed communities.

Bank of America Corp. has quadrupled investments in community development banks
to $100 million over the past four years, said Phyllis Caldwell, vice president
of innovation and impact. She said that by making these investments, the bank is
helping to improve the profitability of businesses in distressed areas that, as
they grow, could become customers.

Bank of America's contributions to these banks has allowed those institutions to
make 10,000 business and consumer loans, and add 4,000 jobs and 1,700 housing
units in 21 states and the District of Columbia, Ms. Caldwell said.

Still, changes are expected.

If Gov. Bush is elected, he may alter the program, perhaps tweaking it to make
the grant process more competitive and shorten the time it takes for grants to
be approved and awarded, Mr. Pinsky said.

Louisville Community Development Bank president and chief executive officer
Kelly Downard said he would like to see the fund make more technical assistance
grants to entrepreneurs interested in growing their small businesses. The
Kentucky bank opened its doors in January 1997 with $12 million of assets, $2
million from a CDFI grant. It now has grown to $34 million of assets, primarily
real estate rehabilitation and small-business loans.

Mr. Downard also suggested the fund cut the amount awarded to individual banks
instead of trying to get increased appropriations. "When the program came out it
was geared toward a level of award that will catch people's eye," Mr. Downard
said. Now that it is established, it can reduce the size of each award and
spread funds among more recipients, he said.

Copyright c 2000 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 956 words

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
 Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
    Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            July 19, 2006 Wednesday

Rural initiative makes $6.2 million available

LENGTH: 109 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced the availability of more than $6.2
million in grant funds through the Rural Community Development Initiative
program.

The RCDI program provides technical assistance and training funds to qualified
intermediary organizations to develop their capacity to undertake housing,
community facilities and community and economic development projects in rural
areas. Qualified organizations can be public or private -- including tribal
organizations -- that have been legally organized for at least three years and
have experience working with eligible recipients.

For more information, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/rhs/rcdi.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of
Community Planning and Development Pages 6621 - 6623 [FR DOC # 2017-01245]

LENGTH: 2875  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5981-D-01]
Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of Community Planning and
Development AGENCY: Office of the Secretary, HUD. ACTION: Notice of delegations
of authority.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates delegations of authority from
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. DATES: Effective Date: January 10, 2017.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant
Secretary, Office of Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing
and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000;
telephone number 202-708-2690. This is not a toll-free number.

For those needing assistance, this number may be accessed via TTY by calling the
Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This notice
updates, clarifies, and consolidates into one notice the authority delegated by
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. This notice supersedes all previous
delegations to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, including the delegation published on April 20, 2015, at 80 FR
21747. Section A. Authority Delegated Only the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development is delegated the authority to issue a final regulation
or a Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA). The authority delegated herein to
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary includes the authority to waive regulations
and statutes, but for the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary the authority to waive statutes is limited in Section
B below. Except as provided in Section B, the Secretary of HUD delegates to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development the authority
of the Secretary with respect to the programs and matters listed below: 1. The
AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574. 2. The Base
Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless Assistance Act of 1994, Public Law
103-421, 108 Stat. 4346 (codified as amended at 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 24 CFR
part 586. 3. Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordability
Housing grants, Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law
103-120, 107 Stat. 1148 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 9816 note). 4.
Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); 24 CFR part 91. 5.
Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Public Law 108-7, 117 Stat. (2003)). 6. Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ),
as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of the
Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR
parts 597 and 598. 7. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the
Cranston- Gonzalez, National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part
92. 8. The Loan Guarantee Recovery Fund under Section 4 of the Church Arson
Prevention Act of 1996, Public Law 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392; 24 CFR part 573. 9.
Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designed in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)). 10. The Homelessness Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund
heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. 11. The Housing Trust Fund (HTF),
Section 1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness
Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of Public Law 110-289, 112 Stat. 2654
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568); 24 CFR part 93. 12. Rural Innovation Fund grants
as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated
Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). 13. The Tax
Credit Assistance Program (TCAP), as authorized under the HOME Investments
Partnerships Program heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, 220-21. 14. The
Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program (SHOP) under section 11 of the
Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, Public Law 104-120, 110 Stat.
834 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12805 note). 15. Technical Assistance and
Capacity Building awards authorized under any program or matter delegated under
Section A (e.g., Section 107 of the Housing and Community Development Act 1987,
Pub. L. 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988)); and as provided for in annual and
supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act
2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)). 16. Title I of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR part 570, including the following:
[[Page 6622]] a. The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program; b. The
Section 108 Loan Guarantee program; c. Economic development grants pursuant to
Section 108(q); d. Neighborhood Stabilization programs under the Housing and
Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII of
Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law
111-5, 123 Stat. 115; and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, Public Law 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note); e. CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in
annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts; and f. Appalachian Regional
Commission grants pursuant to Section 214 of the Appalachian Regional
Development Act of 1965, Public Law 89-4, 79 Stat. 5 (codified as amended at 40
U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program authorized under Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-393, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.). 17. Title IV of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), including the following: a. The
Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants program, 24 CFR 576; b. The
Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583; c. The Shelter Plus Care Program,
24 CFR part 582; d. The Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy
program 24 CFR part 882, subpart H; e. The Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR
part 578; and f. The Rural Housing Stability Assistance program. 18. Title V of
the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482
(1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.), 24 CFR part 581. 19. The
Veterans Homelessness Prevention Demonstration program as provided for in annual
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. 111-8,
123 Stat. 524 (2009)). 20. Overall departmental responsibility for rulemaking,
policies, standards, procedures, and advisory materials for compliance with the
Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of
1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.
4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24. (For departmental programs, only the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development is delegated the authority to
exercise the federal waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7). 21. Overall
departmental responsibility for compliance with the National Environmental
Policy Act of 1969, Public Law 91-190, 83 Stat. 852 (1970) (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), and the related laws and authorities cited in 24 CFR
50.4 and 58.5, including (with regard to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development) the authority to issue and to waive, or approve
exceptions or establish criteria for exceptions from provisions of 24 CFR parts
50, 51, 55, and 58. The Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development's designee serves as the Departmental lead in all federal
initiatives that address NEPA and other federal environmental laws and
authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5 and as the Departmental signatory for
environmental compliance MOUs with other federal agencies addressing compliance
at the regional and national level. 22. Certain Office of Community Planning and
Development Programs that are no longer authorized for funding (or future
funding is not anticipated), but whose administration must continue until all
departmental responsibilities are discharged and finally terminated. These
programs include the following: a. The Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal program
under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, Public Law 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and
any program which is superseded by, or inactive by reason of Title I of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316); b. Area-wide grants, inequities grants,
disaster grants and the authority to concur in final approval actions regarding
innovative grants under Section 107 of Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1981); c.
Urban Development Action grants under Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633. (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5318); d. The Rental Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing
Act of 1937, Sec. 17, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1196; e. The Section 312
Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964, Sec. 312 Public Law 88-560, 78
Stat. 769 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 510; f. The Urban Homesteading Program,
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 Sec. 810, Public Law 93-383, 88
Stat. 633 (repealed 1990); g. Enterprise Zone Program under Title VII of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Public Law 100-242, 100 Stat.
1815 (1988) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11501 et seq.); h. Grant for Urban
Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations resolution, Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117
Stat. 11 (2003)); i. HUD's Homeownership Zone initiative (HOZ) grants as
provided for in Section 205 of the Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing
and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997, Public
Law 104-204, 110 Stat. 2874 (1996) and funded with recaptured Nehemiah grants
authorized under Title VI of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987,
Public Law 100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715l note); j.
The Innovative Homeless Initiatives Demonstration program under the HUD
Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law 103-120, 107 Stat. 1144; k. The HOPE for
Homeownership of Single-family Housing (HOPE 3) program, Title IV, Subtitle C of
the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891); l. New Communities Program,
Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448,
82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the Housing and Urban-Rural
Recovery Act of 1983, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983), 84 Stat. 1784, Section
474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Act of 1983, Public Law 98-181,97 Stat. 1237
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 1710g-5b), and any other functions, powers, and duties
that may affect the liquidation of the New Communities program; m. Rural Housing
and Economic Development grants specifically designed originally in the Fiscal
Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 and
subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts; n. Renewal Communities (RC), as
authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter X of the Internal
Revenue Code (codified as amended at [[Page 6623]] 26 U.S.C. 1400E et seq.); 24
CFR part 599; o. All programs consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating
Programs) established pursuant to Title II of the Independent Offices
Appropriations Act, Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended
at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5), including all authority of the Secretary with respect to
functions, administration, and management of the Revolving Fund (Liquidating
Programs). 23. Suspensions, and/or limited denial of participations under 2 CFR
part 2424 with the concurrence of the General Counsel, or such other official as
may be designed by the General Counsel. 24. Pilot Program to Rehabilitate and
Modify Homes of Disabled and Low-Income Veterans, as authorized under section
1079 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ``Buck'' McKeon National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, Public Law 113-291, 128 Stat. 3292,
3521-3524 (2014). Section B. Authority Excepted There is excepted from the
authority delegated under Section A: 1. The power to sue and be sued; 2. Under
Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383,
88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): a. The power to
administer the Indian Community Development Block Grant program, for which the
authority has been delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian
Housing; b. The power to administer section 107 programs delegated to the
Assistant Secretary for Policy Development and Research; c. The power to issue
obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the Treasury under section 108(g)
of the Housing and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C. 5308); and d. The power
and authority of the Secretary with respect to nondiscrimination under section
109 may be exercised only with the advice of the Assistant Secretary for Fair
Housing Equal Opportunity. 3. For programs noted in Section A.22 of this
delegation that are no longer authorized for funding; a. The power to establish
interest rates; and b. The power to issue notes or obligations for purchase by
the Secretary of the Treasury. 4. The authority delegated under Section A to the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and General Deputy Assistant Secretary does
not include the authority to waive the following statutes: a. The authority
under annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts providing Community
Development Block Grant funding for disaster recovery (e.g., Pub. L. 113-2) to
waive, or specify alternative requirements for, statutory requirements; b. The
authority under section 215(a)(6) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable
Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12745) to waive qualifying rents; and c. The authority
under section 858(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act
(42 U.S.C. 12907) to waive requirements for short-term supported housing and
services. Section C. Authority To Redelegate The Assistant Secretary, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development are authorized to redelegate to employees
of the Department any authority delegated under Section A. Redelegated authority
to CPD Directors, Deputy Assistant Secretaries or other CPD program officials
does not supersede the authority of the Assistant Secretary as designee of the
Secretary. Section D. Delegations Superseded This notice supersedes all prior
delegations of authority from the Secretary to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, including the delegation published on April
20, 2015, at 80 FR 21747. Authority: Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated: January 10, 2017.
Juli[aacute]n Castro, Secretary. [FR Doc. 2017-01245 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of
Community Planning and Development Pages 6621 - 6623 [FR DOC # 2017-01245]

LENGTH: 2875  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5981-D-01]
Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of Community Planning and
Development AGENCY: Office of the Secretary, HUD. ACTION: Notice of delegations
of authority.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates delegations of authority from
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. DATES: Effective Date: January 10, 2017.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant
Secretary, Office of Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing
and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000;
telephone number 202-708-2690. This is not a toll-free number.

For those needing assistance, this number may be accessed via TTY by calling the
Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This notice
updates, clarifies, and consolidates into one notice the authority delegated by
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. This notice supersedes all previous
delegations to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, including the delegation published on April 20, 2015, at 80 FR
21747. Section A. Authority Delegated Only the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development is delegated the authority to issue a final regulation
or a Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA). The authority delegated herein to
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary includes the authority to waive regulations
and statutes, but for the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary the authority to waive statutes is limited in Section
B below. Except as provided in Section B, the Secretary of HUD delegates to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development the authority
of the Secretary with respect to the programs and matters listed below: 1. The
AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574. 2. The Base
Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless Assistance Act of 1994, Public Law
103-421, 108 Stat. 4346 (codified as amended at 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 24 CFR
part 586. 3. Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordability
Housing grants, Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law
103-120, 107 Stat. 1148 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 9816 note). 4.
Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); 24 CFR part 91. 5.
Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Public Law 108-7, 117 Stat. (2003)). 6. Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ),
as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of the
Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR
parts 597 and 598. 7. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the
Cranston- Gonzalez, National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part
92. 8. The Loan Guarantee Recovery Fund under Section 4 of the Church Arson
Prevention Act of 1996, Public Law 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392; 24 CFR part 573. 9.
Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designed in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)). 10. The Homelessness Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund
heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. 11. The Housing Trust Fund (HTF),
Section 1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness
Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of Public Law 110-289, 112 Stat. 2654
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568); 24 CFR part 93. 12. Rural Innovation Fund grants
as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated
Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). 13. The Tax
Credit Assistance Program (TCAP), as authorized under the HOME Investments
Partnerships Program heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, 220-21. 14. The
Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program (SHOP) under section 11 of the
Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, Public Law 104-120, 110 Stat.
834 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12805 note). 15. Technical Assistance and
Capacity Building awards authorized under any program or matter delegated under
Section A (e.g., Section 107 of the Housing and Community Development Act 1987,
Pub. L. 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988)); and as provided for in annual and
supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act
2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)). 16. Title I of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR part 570, including the following:
[[Page 6622]] a. The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program; b. The
Section 108 Loan Guarantee program; c. Economic development grants pursuant to
Section 108(q); d. Neighborhood Stabilization programs under the Housing and
Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII of
Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law
111-5, 123 Stat. 115; and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, Public Law 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note); e. CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in
annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts; and f. Appalachian Regional
Commission grants pursuant to Section 214 of the Appalachian Regional
Development Act of 1965, Public Law 89-4, 79 Stat. 5 (codified as amended at 40
U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program authorized under Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-393, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.). 17. Title IV of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), including the following: a. The
Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants program, 24 CFR 576; b. The
Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583; c. The Shelter Plus Care Program,
24 CFR part 582; d. The Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy
program 24 CFR part 882, subpart H; e. The Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR
part 578; and f. The Rural Housing Stability Assistance program. 18. Title V of
the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482
(1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.), 24 CFR part 581. 19. The
Veterans Homelessness Prevention Demonstration program as provided for in annual
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. 111-8,
123 Stat. 524 (2009)). 20. Overall departmental responsibility for rulemaking,
policies, standards, procedures, and advisory materials for compliance with the
Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of
1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.
4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24. (For departmental programs, only the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development is delegated the authority to
exercise the federal waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7). 21. Overall
departmental responsibility for compliance with the National Environmental
Policy Act of 1969, Public Law 91-190, 83 Stat. 852 (1970) (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), and the related laws and authorities cited in 24 CFR
50.4 and 58.5, including (with regard to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development) the authority to issue and to waive, or approve
exceptions or establish criteria for exceptions from provisions of 24 CFR parts
50, 51, 55, and 58. The Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development's designee serves as the Departmental lead in all federal
initiatives that address NEPA and other federal environmental laws and
authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5 and as the Departmental signatory for
environmental compliance MOUs with other federal agencies addressing compliance
at the regional and national level. 22. Certain Office of Community Planning and
Development Programs that are no longer authorized for funding (or future
funding is not anticipated), but whose administration must continue until all
departmental responsibilities are discharged and finally terminated. These
programs include the following: a. The Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal program
under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, Public Law 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and
any program which is superseded by, or inactive by reason of Title I of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316); b. Area-wide grants, inequities grants,
disaster grants and the authority to concur in final approval actions regarding
innovative grants under Section 107 of Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1981); c.
Urban Development Action grants under Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633. (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5318); d. The Rental Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing
Act of 1937, Sec. 17, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1196; e. The Section 312
Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964, Sec. 312 Public Law 88-560, 78
Stat. 769 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 510; f. The Urban Homesteading Program,
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 Sec. 810, Public Law 93-383, 88
Stat. 633 (repealed 1990); g. Enterprise Zone Program under Title VII of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Public Law 100-242, 100 Stat.
1815 (1988) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11501 et seq.); h. Grant for Urban
Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations resolution, Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117
Stat. 11 (2003)); i. HUD's Homeownership Zone initiative (HOZ) grants as
provided for in Section 205 of the Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing
and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997, Public
Law 104-204, 110 Stat. 2874 (1996) and funded with recaptured Nehemiah grants
authorized under Title VI of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987,
Public Law 100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715l note); j.
The Innovative Homeless Initiatives Demonstration program under the HUD
Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law 103-120, 107 Stat. 1144; k. The HOPE for
Homeownership of Single-family Housing (HOPE 3) program, Title IV, Subtitle C of
the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891); l. New Communities Program,
Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448,
82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the Housing and Urban-Rural
Recovery Act of 1983, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983), 84 Stat. 1784, Section
474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Act of 1983, Public Law 98-181,97 Stat. 1237
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 1710g-5b), and any other functions, powers, and duties
that may affect the liquidation of the New Communities program; m. Rural Housing
and Economic Development grants specifically designed originally in the Fiscal
Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 and
subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts; n. Renewal Communities (RC), as
authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter X of the Internal
Revenue Code (codified as amended at [[Page 6623]] 26 U.S.C. 1400E et seq.); 24
CFR part 599; o. All programs consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating
Programs) established pursuant to Title II of the Independent Offices
Appropriations Act, Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended
at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5), including all authority of the Secretary with respect to
functions, administration, and management of the Revolving Fund (Liquidating
Programs). 23. Suspensions, and/or limited denial of participations under 2 CFR
part 2424 with the concurrence of the General Counsel, or such other official as
may be designed by the General Counsel. 24. Pilot Program to Rehabilitate and
Modify Homes of Disabled and Low-Income Veterans, as authorized under section
1079 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ``Buck'' McKeon National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, Public Law 113-291, 128 Stat. 3292,
3521-3524 (2014). Section B. Authority Excepted There is excepted from the
authority delegated under Section A: 1. The power to sue and be sued; 2. Under
Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383,
88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): a. The power to
administer the Indian Community Development Block Grant program, for which the
authority has been delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian
Housing; b. The power to administer section 107 programs delegated to the
Assistant Secretary for Policy Development and Research; c. The power to issue
obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the Treasury under section 108(g)
of the Housing and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C. 5308); and d. The power
and authority of the Secretary with respect to nondiscrimination under section
109 may be exercised only with the advice of the Assistant Secretary for Fair
Housing Equal Opportunity. 3. For programs noted in Section A.22 of this
delegation that are no longer authorized for funding; a. The power to establish
interest rates; and b. The power to issue notes or obligations for purchase by
the Secretary of the Treasury. 4. The authority delegated under Section A to the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and General Deputy Assistant Secretary does
not include the authority to waive the following statutes: a. The authority
under annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts providing Community
Development Block Grant funding for disaster recovery (e.g., Pub. L. 113-2) to
waive, or specify alternative requirements for, statutory requirements; b. The
authority under section 215(a)(6) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable
Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12745) to waive qualifying rents; and c. The authority
under section 858(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act
(42 U.S.C. 12907) to waive requirements for short-term supported housing and
services. Section C. Authority To Redelegate The Assistant Secretary, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development are authorized to redelegate to employees
of the Department any authority delegated under Section A. Redelegated authority
to CPD Directors, Deputy Assistant Secretaries or other CPD program officials
does not supersede the authority of the Assistant Secretary as designee of the
Secretary. Section D. Delegations Superseded This notice supersedes all prior
delegations of authority from the Secretary to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, including the delegation published on April
20, 2015, at 80 FR 21747. Authority: Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated: January 10, 2017.
Juli[aacute]n Castro, Secretary. [FR Doc. 2017-01245 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of
Community Planning and Development Pages 6621 - 6623 [FR DOC # 2017-01245]

LENGTH: 2875  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5981-D-01]
Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of Community Planning and
Development AGENCY: Office of the Secretary, HUD. ACTION: Notice of delegations
of authority.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates delegations of authority from
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. DATES: Effective Date: January 10, 2017.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant
Secretary, Office of Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing
and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000;
telephone number 202-708-2690. This is not a toll-free number.

For those needing assistance, this number may be accessed via TTY by calling the
Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This notice
updates, clarifies, and consolidates into one notice the authority delegated by
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. This notice supersedes all previous
delegations to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, including the delegation published on April 20, 2015, at 80 FR
21747. Section A. Authority Delegated Only the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development is delegated the authority to issue a final regulation
or a Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA). The authority delegated herein to
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary includes the authority to waive regulations
and statutes, but for the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary the authority to waive statutes is limited in Section
B below. Except as provided in Section B, the Secretary of HUD delegates to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development the authority
of the Secretary with respect to the programs and matters listed below: 1. The
AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574. 2. The Base
Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless Assistance Act of 1994, Public Law
103-421, 108 Stat. 4346 (codified as amended at 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 24 CFR
part 586. 3. Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordability
Housing grants, Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law
103-120, 107 Stat. 1148 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 9816 note). 4.
Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); 24 CFR part 91. 5.
Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Public Law 108-7, 117 Stat. (2003)). 6. Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ),
as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of the
Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR
parts 597 and 598. 7. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the
Cranston- Gonzalez, National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part
92. 8. The Loan Guarantee Recovery Fund under Section 4 of the Church Arson
Prevention Act of 1996, Public Law 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392; 24 CFR part 573. 9.
Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designed in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)). 10. The Homelessness Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund
heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. 11. The Housing Trust Fund (HTF),
Section 1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness
Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of Public Law 110-289, 112 Stat. 2654
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568); 24 CFR part 93. 12. Rural Innovation Fund grants
as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated
Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). 13. The Tax
Credit Assistance Program (TCAP), as authorized under the HOME Investments
Partnerships Program heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, 220-21. 14. The
Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program (SHOP) under section 11 of the
Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, Public Law 104-120, 110 Stat.
834 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12805 note). 15. Technical Assistance and
Capacity Building awards authorized under any program or matter delegated under
Section A (e.g., Section 107 of the Housing and Community Development Act 1987,
Pub. L. 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988)); and as provided for in annual and
supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act
2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)). 16. Title I of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR part 570, including the following:
[[Page 6622]] a. The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program; b. The
Section 108 Loan Guarantee program; c. Economic development grants pursuant to
Section 108(q); d. Neighborhood Stabilization programs under the Housing and
Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII of
Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law
111-5, 123 Stat. 115; and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, Public Law 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note); e. CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in
annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts; and f. Appalachian Regional
Commission grants pursuant to Section 214 of the Appalachian Regional
Development Act of 1965, Public Law 89-4, 79 Stat. 5 (codified as amended at 40
U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program authorized under Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-393, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.). 17. Title IV of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), including the following: a. The
Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants program, 24 CFR 576; b. The
Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583; c. The Shelter Plus Care Program,
24 CFR part 582; d. The Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy
program 24 CFR part 882, subpart H; e. The Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR
part 578; and f. The Rural Housing Stability Assistance program. 18. Title V of
the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482
(1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.), 24 CFR part 581. 19. The
Veterans Homelessness Prevention Demonstration program as provided for in annual
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. 111-8,
123 Stat. 524 (2009)). 20. Overall departmental responsibility for rulemaking,
policies, standards, procedures, and advisory materials for compliance with the
Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of
1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.
4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24. (For departmental programs, only the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development is delegated the authority to
exercise the federal waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7). 21. Overall
departmental responsibility for compliance with the National Environmental
Policy Act of 1969, Public Law 91-190, 83 Stat. 852 (1970) (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), and the related laws and authorities cited in 24 CFR
50.4 and 58.5, including (with regard to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development) the authority to issue and to waive, or approve
exceptions or establish criteria for exceptions from provisions of 24 CFR parts
50, 51, 55, and 58. The Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development's designee serves as the Departmental lead in all federal
initiatives that address NEPA and other federal environmental laws and
authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5 and as the Departmental signatory for
environmental compliance MOUs with other federal agencies addressing compliance
at the regional and national level. 22. Certain Office of Community Planning and
Development Programs that are no longer authorized for funding (or future
funding is not anticipated), but whose administration must continue until all
departmental responsibilities are discharged and finally terminated. These
programs include the following: a. The Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal program
under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, Public Law 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and
any program which is superseded by, or inactive by reason of Title I of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316); b. Area-wide grants, inequities grants,
disaster grants and the authority to concur in final approval actions regarding
innovative grants under Section 107 of Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1981); c.
Urban Development Action grants under Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633. (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5318); d. The Rental Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing
Act of 1937, Sec. 17, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1196; e. The Section 312
Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964, Sec. 312 Public Law 88-560, 78
Stat. 769 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 510; f. The Urban Homesteading Program,
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 Sec. 810, Public Law 93-383, 88
Stat. 633 (repealed 1990); g. Enterprise Zone Program under Title VII of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Public Law 100-242, 100 Stat.
1815 (1988) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11501 et seq.); h. Grant for Urban
Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations resolution, Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117
Stat. 11 (2003)); i. HUD's Homeownership Zone initiative (HOZ) grants as
provided for in Section 205 of the Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing
and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997, Public
Law 104-204, 110 Stat. 2874 (1996) and funded with recaptured Nehemiah grants
authorized under Title VI of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987,
Public Law 100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715l note); j.
The Innovative Homeless Initiatives Demonstration program under the HUD
Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law 103-120, 107 Stat. 1144; k. The HOPE for
Homeownership of Single-family Housing (HOPE 3) program, Title IV, Subtitle C of
the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891); l. New Communities Program,
Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448,
82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the Housing and Urban-Rural
Recovery Act of 1983, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983), 84 Stat. 1784, Section
474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Act of 1983, Public Law 98-181,97 Stat. 1237
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 1710g-5b), and any other functions, powers, and duties
that may affect the liquidation of the New Communities program; m. Rural Housing
and Economic Development grants specifically designed originally in the Fiscal
Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 and
subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts; n. Renewal Communities (RC), as
authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter X of the Internal
Revenue Code (codified as amended at [[Page 6623]] 26 U.S.C. 1400E et seq.); 24
CFR part 599; o. All programs consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating
Programs) established pursuant to Title II of the Independent Offices
Appropriations Act, Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended
at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5), including all authority of the Secretary with respect to
functions, administration, and management of the Revolving Fund (Liquidating
Programs). 23. Suspensions, and/or limited denial of participations under 2 CFR
part 2424 with the concurrence of the General Counsel, or such other official as
may be designed by the General Counsel. 24. Pilot Program to Rehabilitate and
Modify Homes of Disabled and Low-Income Veterans, as authorized under section
1079 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ``Buck'' McKeon National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, Public Law 113-291, 128 Stat. 3292,
3521-3524 (2014). Section B. Authority Excepted There is excepted from the
authority delegated under Section A: 1. The power to sue and be sued; 2. Under
Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383,
88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): a. The power to
administer the Indian Community Development Block Grant program, for which the
authority has been delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian
Housing; b. The power to administer section 107 programs delegated to the
Assistant Secretary for Policy Development and Research; c. The power to issue
obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the Treasury under section 108(g)
of the Housing and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C. 5308); and d. The power
and authority of the Secretary with respect to nondiscrimination under section
109 may be exercised only with the advice of the Assistant Secretary for Fair
Housing Equal Opportunity. 3. For programs noted in Section A.22 of this
delegation that are no longer authorized for funding; a. The power to establish
interest rates; and b. The power to issue notes or obligations for purchase by
the Secretary of the Treasury. 4. The authority delegated under Section A to the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and General Deputy Assistant Secretary does
not include the authority to waive the following statutes: a. The authority
under annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts providing Community
Development Block Grant funding for disaster recovery (e.g., Pub. L. 113-2) to
waive, or specify alternative requirements for, statutory requirements; b. The
authority under section 215(a)(6) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable
Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12745) to waive qualifying rents; and c. The authority
under section 858(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act
(42 U.S.C. 12907) to waive requirements for short-term supported housing and
services. Section C. Authority To Redelegate The Assistant Secretary, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development are authorized to redelegate to employees
of the Department any authority delegated under Section A. Redelegated authority
to CPD Directors, Deputy Assistant Secretaries or other CPD program officials
does not supersede the authority of the Assistant Secretary as designee of the
Secretary. Section D. Delegations Superseded This notice supersedes all prior
delegations of authority from the Secretary to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, including the delegation published on April
20, 2015, at 80 FR 21747. Authority: Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated: January 10, 2017.
Juli[aacute]n Castro, Secretary. [FR Doc. 2017-01245 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

McConnell Helps Kentucky Habitat for Humanity Secure Federal Assistance

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S Republican Party has issued the following news release:

U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced Monday that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) has approved a request to provide $54,400 in
funding to help Kentucky Habitat for Humanity (KyHFH) continue its important
work in the Commonwealth. Senator McConnell contacted the USDA on behalf of
Kentucky Habitat for Humanity in support of its application.  According to the
Kentucky Habitat for Humanity, the competitive federal grant will be used to
support 38 of its 51 affiliates in Kentucky, several of which serve counties in
the federally-designated Promise Zone in eastern Kentucky.

"I was happy to work with officials at the Kentucky Habitat for Humanity in
support of their competitive grant, and am pleased USDA has acknowledged the
importance of this organization," Senator McConnell said. "The funding will be
used to help the organization provide construction equipment and technical
assistance for Habitat affiliates in rural Kentucky in an effort to expand and
improve affordable housing options."

Mary Shearer, Executive Director of Kentucky Habitat for Humanity, said, "As a
recipient of the USDA's RCDI (Rural Community Development Initiative) grant,
KyHFH has the opportunity to provide our rural Habitat affiliates a 3-year
concentration and consistent agenda of educational learning opportunities that
will not only benefit our 40+ rural affiliates in Kentucky, but the low-income
Kentucky families we serve. KyHFH and our affiliates want to express our sincere
thanks to Senator McConnell for the letter he wrote to the USDA in support of
our application. Whenever KyHFH has reached out to Senator McConnell for his
support, he has always been there.  We know this has made a significant
difference in our awarding of not only the USDA RCDI grant, but also our
certification in 2010 as a CDFI (Community Development Financial Institution).
Thank you Sen. McConnell, on behalf of our 51 Habitat affiliates in 59 Kentucky
counties and the hundreds of families we serve on an annual basis."

####

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 17, 1996

Pilot Links Rural Loan Efforts

BYLINE: BY LEW SICHELMAN

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: Washington


A new mortgage leveraging partnership that will make more money available to
low-income rural homebuyers was announced at the National Homeownership Summit
here earlier this month.

The partnership, which will be tested at nine states, links the Section 502
leverage and guaranteed loan programs offered through the Department of
Agriculture's rural housing service with the Federal Home Loan Bank's community
investment program.

The linkage will allow local financial institutions, community development
groups and county development offices to provide more affordable financing and
homebuyer counseling.

"This effort not only stretches scarce taxpayer dollars for homeownership, but
it draws new private sector dollars into these rural communities," said rural
housing service administrator Maureen Kennedy.

Scottsbluff, NE, is a case in point.

"Rural communities like ours have suffered from a relative lack of private,
affordable mortgage resources," according to Lynette Steinbacher, executive
director of the local community development corporation, who says the new
partnership will help her group develop housing and prepare residents for
homeownership.

RHS has committed $ 4.86 million for the pilot project; the FHLBank system, $
3.24 million.  Last year, the 12 banks committed $ 200 million in community
investment program advances to assist rural community development.

RHS provides a fixed-rate, subsidized mortgage to cover a portion of the home's
cost, usually half, and a local lender finances the remainder.  As a result, the
borrower has two loans, with the RHS mortgage taking a second position to the
bank's.

With their CIP advances, the local FHLBank members will have more funds
available to finance their share of the transaction.

"This partnership is a good example of how CIP funds can be used to help meet
unmet needs in rural areas," said Bruce Morrison, chairman of the Federal
Housing Finance Board.

FHLB members "now have more flexibility to provide affordable mortgages in rural
areas," added George Barclay, president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas.

The pilot program, which was described as "a classic partnership" by Assistant
Housing Secretary Nicolas Retsinas and requires no changes in existing law or
regulations, targets borrowers with incomes of 80% or less of their area median.

Families will receive 33-year, fixed-rate financing with no downpayment
required.

Private, non-profit community development corporations will identify and counsel
eligible borrowers and aid in the development of affordable housing
opportunities.

The rural wing of the Local Initiatives Support Corp. will provide technical
assistance and financial support in the form of capacity-building grants and
project-related grants, recoverable grants and loans.

While the pilot is a small one, its backers hope it will become a larger,
ongoing effort.

"I think we will be back for an ever larger program," said Mr. Morrison, a
former congressman.  "It's a small demonstration at the outset, but we very much
hope to expand it in the future,"

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday
                          State Edition; Final Edition

County gets USDA grant for economic development

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


Economic development in Aroostook County received a boost Monday morning thanks
to an infusion of cash from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development branch.

USDA Rural Development State Director Michael W. Aube joined officials from the
Northern Maine Development Commission, the Northern Maine Empowerment Council
and representatives from the state's congressional delegation in accepting
$366,599 to benefit the Aroostook County Empowerment Zone.

Ryan Pelletier, the town manager in St. Agatha and NMDC's chairman, said Monday
that the funds will allow NMDC to assist the Aroostook Partnership for Progress
and benefit economic and community development in the region.

"The Empowerment Zone program has been a great program for our area," he said.
"We will use the money for continued economic development projects, so it is a
great tool to have in our economic development toolbox."

The Empowerment Zone program was created by the federal government in the early
1990s to help distressed communities by providing opportunities for growth and
revitalization.

Communities designated as part of an Empowerment Zone can apply for grants and
low-interest loans and can receive a wealth of federal tax benefits along with
technical assistance provided through USDA Rural Development.

More than six years ago, parts of Aroostook County were designated as the
Aroostook County Empowerment Zone. The ACEZ is one of only 10 rural empowerment
zones in the country, and one of only two that are based on population loss.

Initiatives and projects of the Empowerment Zone are led by the Aroostook
Partnership for Progress.

The APP was created in June 2004 as a result of the Empowerment Zone designation
and an ensuing Rural Empowerment Summit in 2003.

The APP is a regional public-private initiative that works with its partners to
market the region nationally and internationally. The partnership works to
enhance northern Maine's economy by increasing business and investment activity,
attracting jobs, reversing out-migration trends and setting its sights on
increased economic development accountability and leadership.

Since 2004, the partnership has attracted approximately 1,000 new jobs and $140
million in investment into the region.

jlbdn@ainop.com

532-9257

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Utah: Seven Foundations Facilitate $400 Million in USDA Loans to CDFIs

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salt Lake City: Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:


 Through the collaboration, twenty-six CDFIs across the country will receive
Community Facilities grants ranging from $800,000 to $50 million to provide
long-term low-interest loans to organizations working to build, acquire,
maintain, or renovate essential community facilities; build the capacity of
local service providers; and/or finance critical services such as education,
health care, and infrastructure. The funds are being disbursed in partnership
with the Uplift America Fund, a $22 million initiative launched by MBRF with
additional support from the Ford, Heron, Northwest Area, Winthrop Rockefeller,
Bank of America, and JP Morgan Chase foundations. Designed to strengthen the
nonprofit lenders' position as borrowers, the grants can be used either as
reserves -- CDFIs will be required to hold $1 in reserve for every $5 they
borrow -- or for capacity-building initiatives. In addition, private financial
institutions led by Bank of America will provide loan guarantees of up to $100
million for the first five years of the program.


 "The unique partnership that has been established through the Uplift America
Fund and Community Facilities Relending Program will help us provide essential
services and improve quality of life in low-income, rural communities by
providing much-needed, long-term capital," said Michelle Mapp, CEO of the South
Carolina Community Loan Fund, which will use its Uplift America grant to
increase lending in the state's rural counties, many of which have poverty
levels of between 20 percent and 30 percent.
 "With vast expertise about the areas they serve, community development
organizations are uniquely positioned to tailor place-based solutions," said
Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation executive director Justin Maxson. "Grants from
the Uplift America Fund enable these lenders to attract more federal dollars in
the short term, while building their capacity to address rural economic
challenges for the long term."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Arizona: HUD 2016 BUDGET PROPOSES INCREASED SUPPORT TO 'COLONIAS'

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the following news
release:

WASHINGTON - As part of President Obama's Fiscal Year 2016 Budget, the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is proposing to increase the
amount that states along the U.S.-Mexico border can use to promote affordable
housing and community development in severely distressed communities known as
Colonias.  The budget would authorize the states of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona
and California to set aside up to 15 percent (from the current 10 percent) of
their Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding for these rural border
communities that often lack adequate water, sewer, and/or decent housing.

"This change addresses the urgent need to transform our communities along the
border," said HUD Secretary Julián Castro. "HUD is firmly committed to working
with states and colonia residents to leverage resources for infrastructure -
from housing to clean running water, community development, jobs and training.
We're going to ensure that every family in America has a chance to move ahead
and share in the promise of America."

In accordance with the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (NAHA)
of 1990, HUD defines a colonia as a community within 150 miles of the United
States-Mexico border in Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas that was in
existence before November 28, 1990, excluding metropolitan areas with
populations exceeding one million.  In addition, a colonia must include a "lack
of potable water supply, lack of adequate sewage systems, and lack of decent,
safe, and sanitary housing." Some colonias are incorporated communities under
the control of the city, some are unincorporated under control of the county,
and others may be territories of cities which share some level of control with
the county.

Although colonia set-aside funds may be used for any CDBG-eligible activities,
basic infrastructure (water and wastewater treatment systems) and housing
activities should have priority. States should only fund other activities if
they are done in conjunction with basic infrastructure or housing activities.

"Colonia funding is critical to addressing the long term infrastructure and
housing needs of these very low-income communities," Texas Agriculture
Commissioner Sid Miller said. "Providing potable water and sanitary sewer is
essential to the health of the entire community. Safe housing is absolutely
necessary for residents to develop and thrive as productive citizens."

Texas has the most colonias, with over 2,000 individual communities considered
eligible. The state has also developed innovative programs and services beyond
the basic activities that are eligible under the state CDBG program, including
Self-Help Centers administered by local non-profits that provide home
construction and repair technical assistance, tools for borrowing, and financial
literacy training and technology access to colonia residents. In FY 2014, Texas
set aside the maximum allowable of 10 percent of its CDBG funds for colonias,
which was a total of $6,149,458, plus an additional $1,537,364 for Colonia
Self-Help Centers.

In New Mexico, about 150 colonias have been identified. Most are unincorporated
long-standing communities. Many of the New Mexico colonias consist of rural
small towns that were designated as colonias via county resolutions that cited a
lack of adequate water, sewer, and/or safe and sanitary housing. In FY 2014, New
Mexico set aside the maximum allowable of 10 percent of its CDBG funds for
colonias, which was a total of $901,637.

In Arizona, significant improvements have been made to the way it administers
the CDBG colonias set-aside funding. The state had relied upon county
resolutions that served as designations of certain communities as colonias due
to lack of potable water, adequate sewer and/or decent, safe and sanitary
housing. Consequently, many of the colonias were designated at the town level.
Following an audit by HUD's Office of the Inspector General in 2008, Arizona
began a colonias survey to better define the colonias' boundaries and measure
their needs. In FY 2014, Arizona set aside the maximum allowable of 10 percent
of its CDBG funds for colonias, which was a total of $914,695.

California is unique among the four border states. It has the shortest section
of the US-Mexico border. Much of the border area does not qualify as the
'US-Mexico Border Region' that excludes the metropolitan areas of Los Angeles,
San Diego and Riverside due to their populations. Therefore the number of
communities that qualify as colonias is 15. In FY 2014, California set aside 5
percent of its CDBG funds for colonias, which was a total of $1,476,486.

In addition to the CDBG set-aside funds, HUD's Border Community Capital
Initiative ("Border Initiative") is a partnership among three Federal agencies -
HUD, the Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) and the Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development (USDA-RD) to increase access to capital for affordable housing,
business lending and community facilities in the chronically underserved and
undercapitalized U.S./Mexico border region. Grant funding of $2 million
announced last year is part of the White House Rural Council. The Council was
launched by President Obama in 2012 to help create jobs and expand opportunities
in rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              May 29, 2011 Sunday

Director Gambrell's Testimony Before Senate Appropriations Subcommittee

LENGTH: 2755  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, May 29 -- CDFI Fund has issued following Director Gambrell's Testimony
Before Senate Appropriations Subcommittee

Introduction:

Good morning Chairman Durbin, Ranking Member Moran, and the distinguished
Members of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and
General Government. My name is Donna J. Gambrell and I am the Director of the
U.S. Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund, known as the CDFI Fund. Thank you for inviting me to speak today about the
CDFI Fund's fiscal year (FY) 2012 Budget Request and the critical ways in which
the CDFI Fund is promoting economic development efforts throughout the country.

I would like to start by expressing my deep appreciation to this Subcommittee
and to Congress for its long history of support. The CDFI Fund's programs
stimulate the economy in communities often considered too risky for mainstream
financial institutions. Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) are
strategically positioned to help some of the most vulnerable populations in the
nation at a time when they are facing many financially challenging situations.
CDFIs are often the only source of financing in underserved communities. CDFIs
support productive small businesses, affordable housing for low-income
Americans, high-quality community facilities, and provide retail banking
services to the un-banked and others often targeted by predatory lenders.

I have been Director of the CDFI Fund for over three years, during a time when
our nation has endured the greatest recession in generations. The recession has
had far-reaching consequences for our entire nation, but nowhere has there been
a more detrimental impact than on distressed and low-income communities. Many of
these same communities were already suffering before the financial crisis, and
their recovery will now take much longer than in other parts of the country.

My principal role as Director is to ensure that the CDFI Fund is doing
everything possible to alleviate the economic burden on low-income communities,
primarily through support of CDFIs and other institutions that focus their
efforts on serving these at-risk communities.

CDFIs are financial institutions that take a variety of forms-they are loan
funds, credit unions, community banks, and venture capital funds. They are
local, regional, and even national organizations that spur economic and
community development in distressed areas from a grassroots level. CDFIs, as a
class of financial institutions, have years of experience providing financial
products and credit counseling services that permit borrowers to enter into and
participate successfully in the financial mainstream. CDFIs fill a critical gap
in the financial industry-they serve target markets that are historically
underserved and they provide economic development services for niche areas that
require specialization. The CDFI Fund encourages the growth and capacity of this
valuable industry through a strategic deployment of resources.

The CDFI Fund's Role

The United States Congress established the CDFI Fund as a bipartisan initiative
under the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994
(Public Law 103-325). Recognizing the need to bolster a fledgling industry that
was making significant inroads in economic development in low-income
communities, the bill's authors designed the CDFI Fund to provide financial and
technical support to CDFIs with the goal of improving economic conditions in
low-income neighborhoods across the country. The mission of the CDFI Fund is to
increase economic opportunity and promote community development investments for
underserved populations and in distressed communities in the United States.

As a vital component of the Department of the Treasury, the CDFI Fund closely
aligns itself with Treasury's core priority of strengthening economic growth.
The CDFI Fund's programs are designed to generate a maximum economic benefit to
low-income communities with a minimum federal cost.

It begins with CDFI certification. To be certified as a CDFI by the Treasury
Department, organizations are required to meet a strict set of criteria,
including having a primary mission of community development, as well as serving
a target market that meets at least one of the CDFI Fund's definitions of a
distressed or low-income community. One common type of target market is a census
tract that has a poverty rate of at least 20 percent, or an unemployment rate
1.5 times the national average, or a median family income at or below 80 percent
of the statewide or metropolitan average.[i] As organizations must be certified
as CDFIs in order to be eligible for funding under many of the CDFI Fund's
programs, the certification criteria allow Treasury to verify that awards are
going to the neighborhoods that need them the most. Almost 200 CDFIs were
certified or re-certified in FY 2010 alone, and as of April 2011 there are 949
certified CDFIs across the nation and the United States territories.

Once certified, the most common way for a CDFI to participate in the CDFI Fund's
programs is through our core program, the CDFI Program. The CDFI Program
provides Financial Assistance and Technical Assistance awards to qualified
CDFIs. These awards are intended as seed money to attract more private capital
into CDFIs and their investments in distressed communities. The awards also
allow CDFIs to leverage resources to increase the size of their service area and
to build their own internal capacity so that they can better serve their target
markets.

Demand for CDFI Program awards has significantly increased over the years. For
the FY 2011 award round, the CDFI Fund received 393 applications from CDFIs
requesting a total of almost $465.9 million in assistance, nearly three times
the $169.7 million available. Because of the continual high demand coupled with
limited resources, the CDFI Fund capped the maximum award at $1 million in FY
2009, and even lower at $750,000, in FY 2010.

Another CDFI Fund program, the Native Initiatives, also continually faces demand
well beyond its available resources. The Native Initiatives provides Financial
Assistance awards, Technical Assistance grants, and training to Native CDFIs and
other Native entities proposing to become or create Native CDFIs. Through the
Native American CDFI Assistance Program (NACA Program) demand for financial and
technical assistance continues to grow at a rate that eclipses available
resources. In FY 2011, the CDFI Fund received more applications than ever in the
history of the NACA Program, receiving 88 applications requesting $35 million-a
48 percent increase over the $23.7 million requested in FY 2010. Such an
increase in demand demonstrates that the Native Initiatives is successfully
reaching and building the lending capacity in communities that have lacked such
capabilities until now.

The CDFI Program and the Native Initiatives are complemented by efforts to
provide technical assistance and training to CDFIs. First is the Native
Initiatives' "Economic Developments in Indian Country" workshops, co-sponsored
by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Seattle Branch. The 2010 workshop
series featured presentations by four other federal development agencies, and
allowed the participants to network and brainstorm solutions to economic
development difficulties in Native communities.[ii] Forty percent of the FY 2011
NACA Program applicants attended at least one of the workshop sessions in 2010.

Second, the CDFI Fund's Capacity Building Initiative provides support to all
forms of CDFIs in areas of key business practices or economic development
interests. The Capacity Building Initiative was designed based upon input
received from CDFIs nationwide to significantly boost the ability of CDFIs to
deliver financial products and services to underserved communities. The
initiative has already had a phenomenal response from the industry. CDFIs have
demonstrated a demand for the initial four capacity-building training and
technical assistance tracks, which will allow them to build their own internal
capacity and expand their expertise in key areas currently affecting the
communities they serve, such as affordable housing, business lending, and
providing financing for healthy food activities. In addition to training, the
CDFI Fund has also commissioned a research project to review CDFI coverage in
distressed communities across the nation, which will allow CDFIs to determine
where low-income communities are lacking access to CDFI services.

One of the key drivers of the Capacity Building Initiative is that innovation
and a nimble response to changing economic conditions are stalwart traits of the
CDFI industry. CDFIs have demonstrated these traits time and time again during
the uncertain economy of recent years.

The CDFI Fund also administers other programs in support of community and
economic development. The Bank Enterprise Award Program (BEA Program) rewards
banks for completing community development investments in eligible census
tracts. To date, the CDFI Fund has made over $336 million in awards under this
program, supporting increases in investments in CDFIs and low-income communities
across the nation. Beginning in the FY 2009 funding round, the CDFI Fund
required that all BEA awardees use their BEA awards for future CDFI support and
community development activities, as defined under the BEA Program regulations.
Awardees that receive awards over $50,000 are required to report to the CDFI
Fund on how the award was deployed.

No overview of the CDFI Fund's programs would be complete without the New
Markets Tax Credit Program (NMTC Program), although it does not fall under the
purview of this Subcommittee. The NMTC Program attracts investment capital to
low-income communities by permitting individual and corporate investors to
receive a tax credit against their federal income tax return in exchange for
making equity investments in Community Development Entities (CDEs). CDEs in turn
make loans and investments in businesses and real estate projects in low-income
communities. CDEs must apply for the authority to issue New Markets Tax Credits
to their investors. In any given application round, requests are generally seven
to eight times higher than the available allocation authority. To date, NMTC
investors have invested over $20 billion into low-income urban and rural
communities throughout the United States, approximately two-thirds of which has
been invested in communities characterized by severe economic distress-census
tracts with a poverty rate of 30 percent or with a median income at or below 60
percent of the area median family income.

Impact of CDFIs

CDFIs serve distressed and low-income communities through innovation,
specialization, and targeted services. The customers of certified CDFIs, on
average, are 70 percent low income, 60 percent minority, and 52 percent female.
These traditionally underserved target markets benefit from services provided by
CDFIs that they could not receive from mainstream financial institutions.

For example, Boston Community Capital, a CDFI headquartered in Massachusetts,
has developed a new Stabilizing Urban Neighborhoods initiative, where the CDFI
partners with other organizations to buy foreclosed properties and sell them
back to the original owners with a reduced mortgage payment, preventing
displacement. As a result, low-income urban neighborhoods in Boston are at less
risk of population loss due to unaffordable housing costs.

Another organization, Access to Capital for Entrepreneurs (ACE), which is a
certified CDFI as well as an SBA Microloan Intermediary and USDA Intermediary
Relender, has done excellent work encouraging the growth of small business
ventures in the rural southeast. For example, an ACE microloan to Melissa
Bennett allowed her to expand her cosmetics store to a second retail location in
Georgia and to hire more help. The Dazzle Cosmetic Company now has eight
employees in a rural area with a high poverty rate.

CDFIs have pioneered new youth financial education initiatives; encouraged the
development of green industries and rural manufacturing; invested in
transit-oriented development, charter schools, health care centers and other
community facilities; and have created thousands of jobs through the steady
support of small businesses. After both Hurricane Katrina and the Gulf Coast oil
spill, CDFIs were at the forefront of re-building the Gulf Coast region and
providing support for small business owners who saw their livelihoods
threatened.

The CDFI Fund supports the growth of a stable community development financial
institution industry that will make long-lasting and continual impacts across
the nation.

The President's FY 2012 Budget Request

The CDFI Fund's programs offer critically needed funding and resources that
result in sustainable growth for the nationwide network of CDFIs. Due to the
phenomenal track record of CDFIs leveraging the CDFI Fund's awards with private
investment, there is a clear benefit of a large local impact for a small federal
cost. In fact, CDFI Fund awardees leverage their awards with private investment
by a factor of 13:1 on average, so it is possible that we may ultimately see
over one billion dollars worth of investment stemming from the $104.8 million in
CDFI Program Financial and Technical Assistance awards that were announced in FY
2010. The broad impact that the CDFI Fund's awards make in low-income and
distressed communities throughout the country is why the President's 2012 Budget
Request included funding for the CDFI Fund.

The President's 2012 Budget Request includes funding for Financial Assistance
and Technical Assistance grants for the CDFI Program. The stability inherent in
a CDFI Program Financial Assistance award provides the most patient capital
available to CDFIs, which is one of the reasons why this program is in such
demand. The continued oversubscription of this program guarantees that there
will be a high demand for the full amount of funding requested in the
President's budget. In a similar vein, the funding proposed for Native
Initiatives will support a growing economic development industry in Native
communities that consistently request more funding than the CDFI Fund has
available.

Included in the CDFI Program is grant funding for the Healthy Food Financing
Initiative (HFFI). HFFI is a multi-year, multi-agency effort to increase the
availability of affordable, healthy foods in underserved urban and rural
communities. Through HFFI, the CDFI Fund will provide competitively awarded
grants to CDFIs that are improving access to healthy food in low-income and
underserved communities, particularly through the development or equipping of
grocery stores, farmers' markets, and other healthy food retailers.

The CDFI Fund also requests administrative funding for FY 2012. These funds will
allow staff to meet the resource demands, and to address the significantly
increased compliance monitoring requirements. The CDFI Fund anticipates
increased information technology and research investment needs in order to
continue serving and monitoring CDFIs effectively.

The President's 2012 Budget Request also supports the Bank on USA initiative.
Designed to address the troubling fact that more than one out of every four
American households is unbanked or under-banked, the Bank on USA initiative will
promote access to affordable and appropriate financial services and basic
consumer credit products for households without access to such products and
services. Bank on USA will support community-based efforts to identify
strategies for serving unbanked and under-banked populations, including the
development and delivery of innovative products and services.

The CDFI Fund has seen considerable support from this Subcommittee in recent
years for program development and appropriations. My deepest thanks go to its
Members and to Chairman Durbin for your unwavering confidence in the CDFI Fund
and our programs. As the economy continues to recover, the CDFI Fund will
continue to effectively administer its programs, so that the hardest-hit
communities in the country have every opportunity for success and growth.

Thank you and I look forward to continuing to work with you in the future
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

NMDC receives grant to develop training material

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


The Northern Maine Development Commission has secured a $90,083 grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture to help local planning boards with development
projects in small, rural communities in The County.

The funding, which is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural
Community Development Initiative Program, will help NMDC create a CD-ROM to
assist planners.

Brian Longstaff, a community planner and business development specialist for
NMDC, said Wednesday that six towns - Danforth, Orient, Weston, Smyrna, Oakfield
and Wallagrass - will benefit from the grant. The NMDC plans to work with a
steering committee composed of officials from municipal code enforcement
offices, planning boards, the State Planning Office and other agencies to
develop the CD.

The CD will contain training lessons and downloadable material surrounding
issues related to such development projects.

Longstaff noted that when a potential developer approaches a municipality about
such an initiative, several complex issues related to site location, the scope
of the project and land use must be addressed before the deal can be finished.

Training for planning board members in such areas often is offered only once or
twice a year, he added, and scheduling conflicts, in concert with training and
travel costs, sometimes don't allow smaller municipalities to take advantage of
what is offered.

With the new CD, such training will be made available at no cost to the
recipients on a disc for both planning and zoning board members to use at their
own pace and in the comfort of their own homes.

"This project not only is going to save money for the smaller, rural
communities, it also is going to make their boards more efficient," Longstaff
said Wednesday. "Board members will gain increased knowledge to help them
facilitate these development projects, so their towns don't end up with a
development that they don't want in a location where they don't want it.

"Developers who have a potential interest in a project also will come before a
knowledgeable, efficient board that is ready to move ahead as quickly as
possible," he continued.

Longstaff said that NMDC will begin crafting the CD as soon as it receives the
grant funding, which he estimated would happen sometime next fall.

The NMDC was one of just two entities in Maine to benefit from the more than
$6.2 million in grant money distributed across the nation to support economic
development efforts.

Cherryfield-based Down East Resource Conservation and Development Council Inc.
also was awarded a grant of $174,000 to develop an integrated countywide Youth
Leadership Program.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cordele Dispatch (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 4, 2010 Friday

Dooly, designated as 'community of opportunity'

BYLINE: Peggy King, Cordele Dispatch, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Jun. 4--ATLANTA -- Georgia Department of Community Affairs (DCA) Assistant
Commissioner Mike Gleaton has announced the designation of Dooly County as a
Community of Opportunity (Co-Op).

The announcement was made May 26 at the River Valley Regional Commission's
monthly board meeting. Sumter, Taylor and Webster counties received the
designation at the same time.

"These communities, guided by their mayors and county commission chairs, have
joined an exclusive group of communities committed to community development,"
Gleaton said. "By participating in Co-Op, these communities have demonstrated
their unwavering desire to improve their communities for generations to come."

Added Gleaton: "Earning this designation took a lot of effort and required
significant teamwork. DCA is very pleased to recognize the staff, citizens, and
leaders of these communities."

Janet Joiner who chairs the Co-Op program in Dooly County along with Rhonda
Lamb-Heath said the program is offered to economically depressed counties.

"It provides a $5,000 grant to help develop a strategic plan to improve the
community's economic standing," she said.

Through a series of community meetings, county leaders have decided to focus on
three primary areas of concern: workforce development, housing and improving the
image of the public school system.

Committees will be organized to develop specific goals for implementing a
strategic plan, Joiner said.

Launched by Governor Sonny Perdue and the Georgia Rural Development Council in
March 2007, the Communities of Opportunity (Co-Op) Initiative is a
collaborative, locally-driven community development strategy focused on
enhancing the economic vitality of rural Georgia communities.

Co-Op is administered by the Georgia Department of Community of Affairs (DCA),
in partnership with a number of public and private partners. More information on
the initiative, is available at
www.dca.ga.gov/communities/regionalism/programs/co-op.asp.

Previously designated Communities of Opportunity include the counties of Burke,
Calhoun, Colquitt, Decatur, Early, Elbert, Glascock, Hancock, Jefferson,
Jenkins, Lincoln, McDuffie, Miller, Randolph, Schley, Taliaferro, Thomas, Warren
and Wilkes.

For more stories, visit http://www.cordeledispatch.com/. Copyright (c) 2010,
Cordele Dispatch, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100604-DX-COUNTY-DESIGNATION-20100604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DX


                        Copyright 2010 Cordele Dispatch


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              July 21, 2006 Friday

Area groups receive $332,250 in housing grants

BYLINE: The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


Jul. 21--The Board of Commissioners for the South Carolina State Housing Finance
and Development Authority recently approved $332,250 in Trust Fund grants for
the rehabilitation and construction of area homes and properties.

Grants were awarded in several categories, including homeownership,
owner-occupied, owner-occupied major rehabilitation, transitional housing and
group homes.

Statewide, $3 million in Trust Funds were awarded.

Grants related to Orangeburg County include:

OWNER-OCCUPIED REHABILITATION GRANT

--Northeastern Corridor of Orangeburg CDC: $120,750 for the rehabilitation of
seven houses. The money is limited to very low income households at or below 50
percent of the county median income.

HOMEOWNERSHIP BLOCK GRANTS

--Santee Lynches Affordable Housing and Community Development Corporation:
$80,500 for the acquisition of seven houses in a nine-county region, including
Orangeburg.

These grants are limited to households at or below 80 percent of the area median
income.

GROUP HOME

--Aldersgate Special Needs Ministry, Inc.: $75,000 for the construction of a
house in Orangeburg County for very low income disabled persons.

The house will be a seven-bedroom, three-bath group home.

OWNER-OCCUPIED (MAJOR REHABILITATION)

--Northeastern Corridor of Orangeburg Community Development Corp.: Two grants
totalling $56,000 for the major rehabilitation of two low-income homes in
Orangeburg County.

The grants will be used to provide roofing and heating and cooling needs. U.S.
Rural Development will match the funds, up to 25 percent of the total rehab
amount.

--Rural Initiatives: $120,750 for the rehabilitation of seven houses in Barnwell
County.

RENTAL HOUSING

--Blackville Community Development Corporation: $293,000 for the acquisition and
rehabilitation of four houses in Blackville. Rental Housing awards are limited
to households at or below 80 percent of the area median income.

Capital for the Housing Trust Fund is generated by the documentary stamp tax.

Those interested in obtaining more information on the Housing Trust Fund may
contact the authority at 803-896-9001 or visit the agency's Web site:
www.schousing.com. Hearing or speech impaired people may use the TTY line
803-896-8831.

The South Carolina State Housing Finance and Development Authority is a
self-supporting agency of state government and operates at no cost to the
taxpayers of the state.

To see more of The Times and Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesanddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Times and Democrat,
Orangeburg, S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060721-GG-HOUSING-GRANT-20060721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2006 The Times and Democrat


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Waterline Extension Project in Mifflin County

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $422,093 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Derry Township to extend water lines to the Derry/Decatur Township line in
Mifflin County.

"Ensuring the availability of clean water for health and sanitation needs is
essential to the well-being of Pennsylvania residents," said Sec. Walker. "This
grant will support these efforts by providing public water service and
eliminating sub-standard wells for the residents in Mifflin County.

The CDBG grant will provide funding for a waterline extension from Crossover
Drive to Derry/Decatur Township line, to eliminate sub-standard private water
wells.

Derry Township will extend water lines to 63 households to include the U.S.
Mobile Home Park. The extension will include 8,200 linear feet of main water
line and five fire hydrants that will connect to the Municipal Authority of the
Borough of Lewistown water system.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Mission and Ministry Fund Planning and Project Grants

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Catholic Health Initiatives
Deadlines  Oct 11, 2013
Contact  Diane Jones, Vice President
Phone: 303.383.2704
Email: dianejones@catholichealth.net
Purpose

Project Grants enable applicants to work in collaboration with others to
implement action plans that address specific, documented community needs.
Programs are often intended to serve disadvantaged populations.

Planning Grants enable applicants to establish broad-based coalitions that
involve all stakeholders in building community capacity by creating a shared
vision of what their community could be, mapping assets, setting priorities, and
action planning.
Eligibility  Catholic Health Initiative affiliates.
Geographic
coverage  Available to CHI affiliates, located in 18 states.
Amount of
funding  Amount not specified.
Application
process

See the Project and Planning Grant Cycle web page for complete grant process
details. Letters of notification regarding grant application cycle will be
distributed in September and pre-applications must be submitted in October.
Pre-applications are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Hospitals and clinics, Arkansas, Colorado,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico,
North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Washington

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Utah: Mission and Ministry Fund Planning and Project Grants

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Catholic Health Initiatives
Deadlines  Oct 11, 2013
Contact  Diane Jones, Vice President
Phone: 303.383.2704
Email: dianejones@catholichealth.net
Purpose

Project Grants enable applicants to work in collaboration with others to
implement action plans that address specific, documented community needs.
Programs are often intended to serve disadvantaged populations.

Planning Grants enable applicants to establish broad-based coalitions that
involve all stakeholders in building community capacity by creating a shared
vision of what their community could be, mapping assets, setting priorities, and
action planning.
Eligibility  Catholic Health Initiative affiliates.
Geographic
coverage  Available to CHI affiliates, located in 18 states.
Amount of
funding  Amount not specified.
Application
process

See the Project and Planning Grant Cycle web page for complete grant process
details. Letters of notification regarding grant application cycle will be
distributed in September and pre-applications must be submitted in October.
Pre-applications are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Hospitals and clinics, Arkansas, Colorado,
Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico,
North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Washington

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 22, 2005 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 684 words


State museum to open research collections

The University of Nebraska State Museum will host an open house and
behind-the-sciences tour of its research collections at Nebraska Hall from 11
a.m to 3 p.m. Saturday.

Visitors will be able to view millions of specimens from the collections of the
state museum of natural history. The collections cover the scientific fields of
anthropology, botany, entomology, parasitology, vertebrate paleontology and
zoology. They also will be able to meet the museum's scientists, visit the
research labs and ask questions.

The research collections are on City Campus in Nebraska Hall (west), fourth and
fifth floors. Enter at 16th and W streets.

Free parking will be available from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. in any UNL lot 10,
including the W Street lot between 14th and 16th streets.

Admission is $8 per family, $4 per adult and $2 per child; those younger than 5
get in free. Those with UNL identification cards or Friends of the Museum
memberships also get in free. Admission includes a pass to visit Morrill Hall on
the same day.

The Dunnes to perform at Concordia

The Dunnes, a storytelling and musical team, will present a program called
"Didgeridoo and Dulcimer, Too" for the public Saturday at Concordia University
in Seward.

During the adult conference of the Plum Creek Children's Literacy Festival, Bob
and Phyllis Dunne will tell the history of the Appalachian Mountain dulcimer and
the Australian Aboriginal didgeridoo. They will explain how they are played and
how to make them inexpensively for classroom use.

Shows will be at 9 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. in the university's science building.

This presentation is made possible by the Nebraska Humanities Council and the
Plum Creek Children's Literacy Festival as part of the council's speakers
bureau.

Telecast set on funding reforms

A satellite telecast and follow-up discussion of President Bush's proposed
reforms to community and rural development funding will be offered Monday.

The discussion will be from 2 to 4 p.m. at six sites across Nebraska. They will
be sponsored by the University of Nebraska Rural Initiative and the  Nebraska
Rural Development Commission. The local sites will be at the Gage County
Extension Office in Beatrice and the Nebraska East Union at the University of
Nebraska-Lincoln. Other viewing sites will be in Grand Island, Norfolk, North
Platte and Scottsbluff.

The reforms proposed in Bush's budget are known as the Strengthening America's
Communities Initiative. The proposal includes consolidating 18 federal
development programs into the new initiative. Among the programs slated for
elimination or consolidation are the Community Development Block Grant program,
Rural Business Enterprise Grants, Rural Business Opportunity Grants, Rural
Empowerment Zones, Economic Development Administration and Rural Housing and
Economic Development. Bush's proposal also would reduce funding from $5.3
billion this fiscal year to $3.7 billion for the initiative in fiscal 2006.

The first hour of Monday's program will be a satellite telecast from the U.S.
Department of Commerce featuring the report of the Strengthening America's
Communities Advisory Committee to the secretary of commerce. The report is
available at www.doc.gov/SACI.

The second hour will be comments and discussion of the report and its
implications for Nebraska. Commentators on the panel include:

* Scot Blehm, Nebraska state director, USDA Rural Development.

* Linda Fettig, executive director, Nebraska Rural Development Commission.

* Gary Hamer, deputy director, Nebraska Department of Economic Development.

* Robert Blair, associate professor, University of Nebraska at Omaha College of
Public Affairs and Community Service.

To view the program and attend the follow-up panel discussion at any site,
register with Marcia White by e-mail at mwhite2@unl.edu or call her at 472-1744.
Registrants should include name, organization and the location where they plan
to attend.

Program information is available on the Rural Initiative Internet site at
ruralinitiative.nebraska.edu under "Upcoming Events."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lamar Ledger (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 18, 2008 Tuesday

New program to pair advocates with kids caught in legal system

BYLINE: Aaron Burnett, The Lamar Ledger, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 795 words


Nov. 18--LAMARLAMAR--For any child caught in the legal system, the situation can
feel overwhelming. In Prowers County, prospects may be improving with the recent
formation of a regional court appointed special advocate (CASA) program.

Southeastern Colorado CASA was recently formed to serve the nine counties of
southeastern Colorado that make up the 3rd, 15th and 16th Judicial Districts.
Early plans call for the organization to begin serving in the 15th Judicial
District, which includes Prowers County, before expanding to the other two
districts.

The national CASA organization was created in 1977 and has 900 member agencies
nationwide serving over 206,000 children annually in dependency and neglect
cases. In Colorado, the first CASA program was implemented in 1985 and has grown
to 14 programs statewide.

Beginning in July 2006, Colorado CASA began a rural initiative to develop and
provide sustainability to CASA organizations in outlying and rural sections of
Colorado. The initiative has been funded through a series of grants from the
state VALE program.

In southeastern Colorado, a steering committee was formed last year to determine
the feasibility of the implementation of a program in the region said Shelly
Tombleson, program coordinator for southeast Colorado. In the 15th Judicial
District, a $39,000 grant has funded the program for 2008 with a $40,000 grant
approved for 2009.

The goal of the organization is to assure the child's best interests are always
represented in court said Tombleson.

Tombleson said the program is looking for volunteers for both the community
development committee as well as to serve as advocates.

For advocate volunteers, the program calls for extensive training, amounting to
over 30 hours, as well as potentially extended periods of involvement. Tombleson
said an advocate's involvement in a case can last from 12 to 18 months.

"CASA is valuable in that they are people who are not in the legal system and
take more of a community view towards these cases and maybe sometimes more of a
common sense view," said local attorney Mark Davis, who has extensive experience
in dependency and neglect cases. Davis has served as a guardian ad litem, an
attorney who serves to represent the legal interests of the child.

"Where they help me is that a lot of times the attorneys that represent the
children cannot see them on a regular basis because of distance or another
reason and because the volunteers can be a real valuable set of eyes and ears
for the court," Davis said. "They also can be pretty helpful in helping families
who are in the system, getting them resources rounded up."

The attorney said distance and time constraints often restrict a guardian ad
litem from meeting with children as often as necessary and that a CASA volunteer
can assist by sharing some of the burden.

"Sometimes these CASAs can get in and really get involved with families and
really help them out and the guardian ad litem just can't do that," Davis said.

According to statistics provided by the National CASA Association, children with
a CASA volunteer are half as likely to spend time in long-term foster care and
are more likely to graduate from high school.

"Sometimes court and legal proceedings can get kind of convoluted. Sometimes you
need a neutral person that is not an attorney or who is not in the legal system
to kind of call a timeout and say 'wait a second, lets step back a second from
this and look at this on a more common sense level,'" Davis said.

Volunteers on the community development committee, will be asked to assist in
the recruitment of other volunteers, marketing the organization to the
community, fundraising and strategic planning said Tombleson. The committee will
meet on the second Tuesday of every month during the lunch hour.

The organization is currently seeking donations to outfit its permanent office
said Tombleson. PJ Wilson has donated a sizable space that is currently being
renovated in the Village Shopping Center for a permanent office.

"We're very lucky," Tombleson said concerning Wilson's donation.

Individuals interested in volunteering in either capacity are encouraged to
attend a meet and greet session on Dec. 9, in the dance room at the Lamar
Community Building from 11:30-1:30 p.m. Tombleson can be contacted by phone at
(719) 688-3245 or by email at southeastcasa@coloradocasa.org

To see more of the Lamar Ledger, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lamarledger.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Lamar Ledger, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081118-GQ-New-program-to-pair-advocates-with-kids-caught-in-legal-system-1118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GQ


                                 Copyright 2008


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

FR-5981-D-01 Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of Community
Planning and Development

LENGTH: 2843  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD)



  Action



 Notice of delegations of authority.

 Summary



 This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates delegations of authority from
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development.



 Dates



 Effective Date: January 10, 2017.

 For Further Information Contact



 Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Community Planning
and Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street
SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone number 202-708-2690. This
is not a toll-free number. For those needing assistance, this number may be
accessed via TTY by calling the Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339.

 Supplementary Information



 This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates into one notice the authority
delegated by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. This notice
supersedes all previous delegations to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, including the delegation published on April
20, 2015, at 80 FR 21747.

 Section A. Authority Delegated



 Only the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development is
delegated the authority to issue a final regulation or a Notice of Funding
Availability (NOFA). The authority delegated herein to the Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant
Secretary includes the authority to waive regulations and statutes, but for the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
the authority to waive statutes is limited in Section B below. Except as
provided in Section B, the Secretary of HUD delegates to the Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development the authority of the Secretary
with respect to the programs and matters listed below:



 1. The AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574.



 2. The Base Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless Assistance Act of
1994, Public Law 103-421, 108 Stat. 4346 (codified as amended at 10 U.S.C. 2687
note); 24 CFR part 586.



 3. Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordability Housing
grants, Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law 103-120, 107
Stat. 1148 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 9816 note).



 4. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); 24 CFR part 91.



 5. Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Public Law 108-7, 117 Stat. (2003)).



 6. Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ), as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A,
chapter 1, subchapter U of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26
U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR parts 597 and 598.



 7. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez,
National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part 92.



 8. The Loan Guarantee Recovery Fund under Section 4 of the Church Arson
Prevention Act of 1996, Public Law 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392; 24 CFR part 573.



 9. Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designed in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)).



 10. The Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as
authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund heading of Division A, Title
XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123
Stat. 115.



 11. The Housing Trust Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing
Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of
Public Law 110-289, 112 Stat. 2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568); 24 CFR part 93.




 12. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3084 (2009)).



 13. The Tax Credit Assistance Program (TCAP), as authorized under the HOME
Investments Partnerships Program heading of Division A, Title XII of the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115,
220-21.



 14. The Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program (SHOP) under section 11 of
the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, Public Law 104-120, 110
Stat. 834 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12805 note).



 15. Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized under any
program or matter delegated under Section A (e.g., Section 107 of the Housing
and Community Development Act 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988)); and
as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).



 16. Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law
93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR
part 570, including the following:



 a. The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program;



 b. The Section 108 Loan Guarantee program;



 c. Economic development grants pursuant to Section 108(q);



 d. Neighborhood Stabilization programs under the Housing and Economic Recovery
Act of 2008, Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII of Division A of the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115;
and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010,
Public Law 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note);




 e. CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD
appropriations acts; and



 f. Appalachian Regional Commission grants pursuant to Section 214 of the
Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, Public Law 89-4, 79 Stat. 5
(codified as amended at 40 U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program
authorized under Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974,
Public Law 93-393, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.).




 17. Title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77,
101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), including
the following:



 a. The Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants program, 24 CFR 576;




 b. The Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583;



 c. The Shelter Plus Care Program, 24 CFR part 582;



 d. The Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy program 24 CFR part
882, subpart H;



 e. The Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578; and



 f. The Rural Housing Stability Assistance program.



 18. Title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77,
101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.), 24 CFR
part 581.



 19. The Veterans Homelessness Prevention Demonstration program as provided for
in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub.
L. 111-8, 123 Stat. 524 (2009)).



 20. Overall departmental responsibility for rulemaking, policies, standards,
procedures, and advisory materials for compliance with the Uniform Relocation
Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, Public Law
91-646, 84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49
CFR part 24. (For departmental programs, only the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development is delegated the authority to exercise the
federal waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7).



 21. Overall departmental responsibility for compliance with the National
Environmental Policy Act of 1969, Public Law 91-190, 83 Stat. 852 (1970)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), and the related laws and
authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5, including (with regard to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development) the authority to
issue and to waive, or approve exceptions or establish criteria for exceptions
from provisions of 24 CFR parts 50, 51, 55, and 58. The Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development's designee serves as the Departmental lead in
all federal initiatives that address NEPA and other federal environmental laws
and authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5 and as the Departmental signatory
for environmental compliance MOUs with other federal agencies addressing
compliance at the regional and national level.



 22. Certain Office of Community Planning and Development Programs that are no
longer authorized for funding (or future funding is not anticipated), but whose
administration must continue until all departmental responsibilities are
discharged and finally terminated. These programs include the following:



 a. The Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal program under Title I of the Housing
Act of 1949, Public Law 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and any program which is superseded
by, or inactive by reason of Title I of the Housing and Community Development
Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.
5316);



 b. Area-wide grants, inequities grants, disaster grants and the authority to
concur in final approval actions regarding innovative grants under Section 107
of Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law
93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1981);



 c. Urban Development Action grants under Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633. (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5318);



 d. The Rental Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing Act of 1937,
§&thinsp;17, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1196;



 e. The Section 312 Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964,
§&thinsp;312 Public Law 88-560, 78 Stat. 769 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 510;



 f. The Urban Homesteading Program, Housing and Community Development Act of
1974 §&thinsp;810, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1990);



 g. Enterprise Zone Program under Title VII of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1987, Public Law 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 11501 et seq.);



 h. Grant for Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations resolution, Fiscal Year
2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003));



 i. HUD's Homeownership Zone initiative (HOZ) grants as provided for in Section
205 of the Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997, Public Law 104-204, 110 Stat.
2874 (1996) and funded with recaptured Nehemiah grants authorized under Title VI
of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Public Law 100-242, 101
Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715l note);



 j. The Innovative Homeless Initiatives Demonstration program under the HUD
Demonstration Act of 1993, Public Law 103-120, 107 Stat. 1144;



 k. The HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family Housing (HOPE 3) program, Title
IV, Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public
Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891);



 l. New Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development
Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the
Housing and Urban-Rural Recovery Act of 1983, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983),
84 Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Act of 1983, Public
Law 98-181,97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1710g-5b), and any other
functions, powers, and duties that may affect the liquidation of the New
Communities program;



 m. Rural Housing and Economic Development grants specifically designed
originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65,
111 Stat. 1344 and subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts;



 n. Renewal Communities (RC), as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter
1, subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C.
1400E et seq.); 24 CFR part 599;



 o. All programs consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs)
established pursuant to Title II of the Independent Offices Appropriations Act,
Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C.
1701g-5), including all authority of the Secretary with respect to functions,
administration, and management of the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs).



 23. Suspensions, and/or limited denial of participations under 2 CFR part 2424
with the concurrence of the General Counsel, or such other official as may be
designed by the General Counsel.



 24. Pilot Program to Rehabilitate and Modify Homes of Disabled and Low-Income
Veterans, as authorized under section 1079 of the Carl Levin and Howard P.
"Buck" McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, Public
Law 113-291, 128 Stat. 3292, 3521-3524 (2014).

 Section B. Authority Excepted



 There is excepted from the authority delegated under Section A:



 1. The power to sue and be sued;



 2. Under Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public
Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.):



 a. The power to administer the Indian Community Development Block Grant
program, for which the authority has been delegated to the Assistant Secretary
for Public and Indian Housing;



 b. The power to administer section 107 programs delegated to the Assistant
Secretary for Policy Development and Research;



 c. The power to issue obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the Treasury
under section 108(g) of the Housing and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C.
5308); and



 d. The power and authority of the Secretary with respect to nondiscrimination
under section 109 may be exercised only with the advice of the Assistant
Secretary for Fair Housing Equal Opportunity.



 3. For programs noted in Section A.22 of this delegation that are no longer
authorized for funding;



 a. The power to establish interest rates; and



 b. The power to issue notes or obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the
Treasury.



 4. The authority delegated under Section A to the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary and General Deputy Assistant Secretary does not include the authority
to waive the following statutes:



 a. The authority under annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts
providing Community Development Block Grant funding for disaster recovery (e.g.,
Pub. L. 113-2) to waive, or specify alternative requirements for, statutory
requirements;



 b. The authority under section 215(a)(6) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12745) to waive qualifying rents; and



 c. The authority under section 858(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12907) to waive requirements for short-term
supported housing and services.

 Section C. Authority To Redelegate



 The Assistant Secretary, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development are
authorized to redelegate to employees of the Department any authority delegated
under Section A. Redelegated authority to CPD Directors, Deputy Assistant
Secretaries or other CPD program officials does not supersede the authority of
the Assistant Secretary as designee of the Secretary.

 Section D. Delegations Superseded



 This notice supersedes all prior delegations of authority from the Secretary to
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, including the
delegation published on April 20, 2015, at 80 FR 21747.

 Authority



 Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C.
3535(d).

 Dated: January 10, 2017.

 Julián Castro,

 Secretary.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01245 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: HUD AWARDS $1.5 MILLION TO BOOST ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT IN THE LOWER
MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA REGION

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the following news
release:

WASHINGTON - U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary
Julián Castro announced today that HUD is awarding $1.5 million to stimulate
local economies, produce more affordable housing and boost job growth in the
chronically underserved and undercapitalized Lower Mississippi River Delta
Region. The funding is provided through the Delta Community Capital Initiative
(DCCI).

San Antonio -based LiftFund, formerly Accion Texas, Inc. will receive a $1
million grant and Communities Unlimited and Southern Bancorp Capital Partners
(SBCP), both located in Arkansas, will each receive grants of more than
$200,000. These states  will use this funding to increase lending to small
businesses and entrepreneurs in eligible Delta regions. (See project summaries
below).

"The Lower Mississippi River Delta plays a vital role in strengthening its
regional economy and the entire United States," said Castro. "This funding will
spur business development, create jobs and produce more affordable housing
opportunities. HUD is committed to working with local leaders to help build
communities that thrive."

Delta Regional Authority's Federal Co-Chairman Chris Masingill added: "We are
excited to see much-needed resources coming to the Delta region to help our
community institutions increase their investments into our small businesses and
entrepreneurs, who in turn create the jobs that build our communities and
improve the lives of the people of the Delta region. We take our role of being a
strategic partner with HUD and our federal partners seriously; this is another
example of federal partnerships empowering our communities and businesses to
grow and compete in the global marketplace."

The Delta Community Capital Initiative ("DCCI") is a collaborative effort among
three federal agencies - the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD),
the Department of the Treasury - Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund (CDFI Fund) and the Department of Agriculture - Rural Development
(USDA-RD).  The DCCI builds on the investments that strategic partner Delta
Regional Authority (DRA)'s Small Business and Entrepreneurship Initiative has
made to develop a pipeline of educated and skilled entrepreneurs and improve the
climate for business growth.  The DCCI will increase access to capital for
business lending and economic development in the chronically underserved and
undercapitalized Lower Mississippi River Delta Region. Specifically, it will
provide direct investment and technical assistance to community development
lending and investing institutions that focus on small business development to
benefit the residents of Lower Mississippi River Delta Region.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: HUD AWARDS $1.5 MILLION TO BOOST ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT IN THE LOWER
MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA REGION

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the following news
release:

WASHINGTON - U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary
Julián Castro announced today that HUD is awarding $1.5 million to stimulate
local economies, produce more affordable housing and boost job growth in the
chronically underserved and undercapitalized Lower Mississippi River Delta
Region. The funding is provided through the Delta Community Capital Initiative
(DCCI).

San Antonio -based LiftFund, formerly Accion Texas, Inc. will receive a $1
million grant and Communities Unlimited and Southern Bancorp Capital Partners
(SBCP), both located in Arkansas, will each receive grants of more than
$200,000. These states  will use this funding to increase lending to small
businesses and entrepreneurs in eligible Delta regions. (See project summaries
below).

"The Lower Mississippi River Delta plays a vital role in strengthening its
regional economy and the entire United States," said Castro. "This funding will
spur business development, create jobs and produce more affordable housing
opportunities. HUD is committed to working with local leaders to help build
communities that thrive."

Delta Regional Authority's Federal Co-Chairman Chris Masingill added: "We are
excited to see much-needed resources coming to the Delta region to help our
community institutions increase their investments into our small businesses and
entrepreneurs, who in turn create the jobs that build our communities and
improve the lives of the people of the Delta region. We take our role of being a
strategic partner with HUD and our federal partners seriously; this is another
example of federal partnerships empowering our communities and businesses to
grow and compete in the global marketplace."

The Delta Community Capital Initiative ("DCCI") is a collaborative effort among
three federal agencies - the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD),
the Department of the Treasury - Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund (CDFI Fund) and the Department of Agriculture - Rural Development
(USDA-RD).  The DCCI builds on the investments that strategic partner Delta
Regional Authority (DRA)'s Small Business and Entrepreneurship Initiative has
made to develop a pipeline of educated and skilled entrepreneurs and improve the
climate for business growth.  The DCCI will increase access to capital for
business lending and economic development in the chronically underserved and
undercapitalized Lower Mississippi River Delta Region. Specifically, it will
provide direct investment and technical assistance to community development
lending and investing institutions that focus on small business development to
benefit the residents of Lower Mississippi River Delta Region.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Utah: Community Economic Development (CED) Healthy Food Financing Initiative
Projects

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Community Services
Deadlines  Jul 21, 2014
Contact

Gerald Shanklin
Phone: 855.792.6551
Email: ocsgrants@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

The Community Economic Development (CED) Healthy Food Financing Initiative
Projects awards funding to Community Development Corporations for projects that
implement strategies to address food deserts, increase healthy food access in
low-income communities, foster self-sufficiency for low-income families, and
create sustained employment opportunities in low-income communities.

Examples of successful use of CED-HFFI funds include:

Financing the construction of grocery stores
    Providing direct assistance to farmers
    Supporting rural farmers markets
    Expanding existing food distribution businesses
    Supporting food business entrepreneurs

Bonus points will be awarded to projects that will create jobs in a rural
community or hire low-income individuals from a rural community to fill
positions created.
Eligibility

Applicants must:

Be a private, non-profit Community Development Corporation with 501(c)(3) or
non-501(c)(3) status
    Have articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other official documents
demonstrating that the CDC has as a principal purpose the planning, developing,
or managing of low-income housing or CED activities
    Have a Board of Directors with representation from each of the following:
community residents, business leaders, and civic leaders.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $9,500,000
Award Ceiling: $800,000 per project period
Award Floor: $100,000 per project period
Number of Awards: 13
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Economic development, Food and hunger

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Community Economic Development (CED) Healthy Food Financing Initiative
Projects

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Community Services
Deadlines  Jul 21, 2014
Contact

Gerald Shanklin
Phone: 855.792.6551
Email: ocsgrants@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

The Community Economic Development (CED) Healthy Food Financing Initiative
Projects awards funding to Community Development Corporations for projects that
implement strategies to address food deserts, increase healthy food access in
low-income communities, foster self-sufficiency for low-income families, and
create sustained employment opportunities in low-income communities.

Examples of successful use of CED-HFFI funds include:

Financing the construction of grocery stores
    Providing direct assistance to farmers
    Supporting rural farmers markets
    Expanding existing food distribution businesses
    Supporting food business entrepreneurs

Bonus points will be awarded to projects that will create jobs in a rural
community or hire low-income individuals from a rural community to fill
positions created.
Eligibility

Applicants must:

Be a private, non-profit Community Development Corporation with 501(c)(3) or
non-501(c)(3) status
    Have articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other official documents
demonstrating that the CDC has as a principal purpose the planning, developing,
or managing of low-income housing or CED activities
    Have a Board of Directors with representation from each of the following:
community residents, business leaders, and civic leaders.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $9,500,000
Award Ceiling: $800,000 per project period
Award Floor: $100,000 per project period
Number of Awards: 13
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Economic development, Food and hunger

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Ayr Advocate (Australia)

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Blueprint delivers $20,000 grant to Burdekin council

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 336 words


COMMUNITIES in the Burdekin will continue to grow stronger thanks to a $20,000
grant issued as part of the latest round of Blueprint for the Bush funding,
local government minister Warren Pitt said this week.

Mr Pitt joined Premier Anna Bligh to present a $20,000 cheque to Burdekin Shire
Council on Sunday to develop the Burdekin Economic Development Strategic Plan.

The presentation was made as part of the Bligh Government's Community Cabinet
meeting in Townsville.

``The Burdekin Economic Development Strategic Plan will outline a 10-year
economic development vision for the Burdekin district and will empower the
community to take charge of its economic future,'' Mr Pitt said.

``Specifically, the plan will identify strategies to achieve growth and new
investment in the region, particularly in the agricultural, small business,
engineering, manufacturing, and tourism sectors.''

Mr Pitt said the grant had been secured through the Queensland Government's
Blueprint for the Bush ``Our Place Our Future initiative, which provides rural
and remote communities with the resources to strengthen their capacity to shape
their future.

``The funding will be used as a contribution toward the appointment of a
consultant who will work with a steering committee of 20 community
representatives and a broader group of stakeholders to develop the plan.''

Mr Pitt said the government was strongly committed to building strong and
sustainable communities across rural and remote Queensland.

``One of the major goals of the Blueprint for the Bush is for communities to be
viable and strong so it is important that they have access to funding
initiatives such as these,'' he said.

``Our ongoing investment through the program helps to deliver practical measures
to address rural community development issues, assist effective community
engagement and help implement existing community plans."

The presentation was originally scheduled to take place in Ayr but was moved to
Townsville because of flooding associated with ex-Cyclone Ellie.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TAA


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Despite UN push, official says these are 'dark days' for Canadian co-ops

BYLINE: Will Chabun, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: REGINA


What was intended as an international year to salute co-operatives has turned
into "dark days."

That's the opinion of Beryl Bauer, president of the Saskatchewan Co-operatives
Association, reacting to news that federal budget cuts will mean the end of
Ottawa's Co-operative Development Initiative and a reduction in the size of the
Agriculture and Agri-Foods Canada branch that administered it, the Rural and
Co-operatives Secretariat.

Bauer said the CDI goes back to 2003 and has helped with the creation of
numerous co-operatives.

And Tuesday will see Bauer in Regina to ask Economic Development Minister Jeremy
Harrison about rumours the $65,000 grant his ministry gives the SCA to pay for a
full-time organizer of co-operatives will be cut too.

On the federal scene, Bauer said the Canadian Co-operatives Association has been
unsuccessful so far in getting a meeting with federal agriculture minister Gerry
Ritz, though his department sent to the Leader-Post an email stating it and the
CDI "have laid the groundwork for communities to more effectively interact and
take advantage of opportunities on their own."

"In addition," the email added, "other departments are increasingly sensitive to
the issues of rural Canadians, allowing AAFC to end the Community Development
and the Co-operatives Development Initiative programs.

"Furthermore, all government departments operate with a rural lens and will
continue to play a role in supporting rural communities. AAFC will retain a
reduced policy and research function on rural issues to reflect and meet the
needs of Canadians in rural communities."

Bauer said he's heard CDI grants that have already been approved will be paid
out. Those not yet approved will languish.

He added he can remember when the provincial government itself had eight
full-time co-operative organizers, but "when they retired, they didn't get
replaced."

That's odd, according to Bauer, because the provincial co-operatives association
shares a common goal with the government: "Develop business and grow the
province."

As well, he's noticed interest from Social Services Minister June Draude in
co-operatives, particularly in meeting the province's shortage of housing.

The United Nations declared 2012 as the International Year of Co-operatives to
salute and encourage this economic sector, which worldwide has one billion
members and employs 100 million people - 20 per cent more than are employed by
the world's multinational corporations.

Nationally, there are 9,000 co-operatives with 18 million members, $330 billion
in assets and 155,000 employees.

In Saskatchewan, one of Canada's strongholds of the co-operative and credit
union movements, these enterprises have a million members - many people are
members of more than one co-operative organization - and fully one-third of the
province's top 100 businesses are co-operatives.

wchabun@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Kentucky: Gov. Beshear Joins Federal Officials to Announce New Program to Assist
Communities Affected by the Downturn of Coal, Energy Production

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Frankfort


Department of Commonwealth, The State of Kentucky has issued the following news
release:

Governor Steve Beshear today joined several federal and state officials to
announce the Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization (POWER) initiative, which will award up to $38 million in grants
to coal communities to support economic and workforce development. The POWER
initiative is designed to effectively utilize a range of federal economic and
workforce development resources to assist communities negatively impacted by the
downturn of coal and energy production.

"It is no secret that our Kentucky coal communities have been struggling due to
a steady decline in production, and we must continue working on ways to expand
economic opportunities there," said Gov. Beshear. "The POWER initiative
emphasizes public, private and philanthropic partnerships tailored to the
specific needs of each community. I believe the POWER initiative will be a
strong component in helping our coal communities overcome their challenges and
thrive in the future. We will aggressively pursue these grant funds with our
local partners."

POWER will award grants to using $28 million to $38 million in FY 2015 funds
from the Department of Commerce (DOC), Department of Labor (DOL), Small Business
Administration (SBA), and the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC). Grants will
be competitively awarded to applicants including state agencies, local
governments and stakeholders anchored in coal communities to develop and
implement strategic plans that will:

diversify economies;
    create jobs in new or existing industries;
    attract new sources of job-creating investments; and
    provide a range of workforce services and skills training that offer
industry-recognized credentials for high-quality, in-demand jobs.

Grant applications are tentatively set to be announced in April and May.

Joining Gov. Beshear today were U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for
Economic Development Jay Williams; White House Director of Intergovernmental
Affairs and former Lt. Governor Jerry Abramson; Senior Advisor to the President
Brian Deese; and Lillian Salerno, administrator of USDA's Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. Each spoke to the importance of the POWER
initiative and the positive impact it can have on struggling communities.

"The Obama Administration is committed to supporting our workers and communities
as they face challenges related to a changing energy landscape in this country,"
said Assistant Secretary Williams. "EDA is proud to be leading the POWER
initiative and we look forward to working with our federal partners to help
communities diversify their economies and help workers get the skills they need
to adapt to and thrive in this changing economy."

"The POWER initiative is an opportunity to bring together the best efforts of
federal, state, and local governments and the private and non-profits sectors to
help Kentuckians build a better future for themselves, their businesses, and
their families," said Abramson.

The Department for Commerce's Economic Development Administration (EDA) will be
the administrative home for POWER and coordinate the effort among the many
federal agencies involved in the initiative. Grant selection, awards and
execution will be managed by each authorized agency, with EDA playing a
coordination role. For more information about the EDA, visit www.eda.gov.

$1.8 Million USDA Rural Business Loan
In coordination with today's POWER announcement, USDA Administrator Lillian
Salerno announced approval of a $1.8 million loan for a new innovative business
in Eastern Kentucky.

Kentucky Dairy Product Innovations (KYPDI) is a health-and-wellness beverage
business headquartered in London, Ky., that will become the first U.S. producer
of low-calorie, lactose-free skim milk. Using the low-calorie, lactose-free skim
milk, the company also has created a new carbonated and flavored dairy product
called Fizza that has been approved for sale at middle and high schools across
the country.

"Investing in small, rural businesses is essential to continuing the economic
revitalization we are seeing today," said Salerno. "The funding announced today
will help support the Obama Administration's vision by providing rural
communities with resources to support small businesses and create new,
sustainable jobs."

The funding is provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
program. It will enable KYDPI to lease-purchase a 12,000-square-foot production
facility in the London-Laurel County Industrial Park. The company plans to hire
up to 20 employees as a result of USDA's investment, which is supplemented by
other funding from Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation and a Community
Development Block Grant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Group proposes healthy food financing initiative

BYLINE: Sarah Terry-Cobo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - Liz Waggoner is working to create jobs by making more healthy
food available.

The Voices for Healthy Kids campaign director with the American Heart
Association is a member of a task force with Native American citizens, bankers
and small grocers, among others. The group is following a national
public-private partnership funding model to open more food stores in rural and
low-income areas.

But she needs to pass legislation to establish the healthy food financing
initiative in Oklahoma.

Fifteen Food Access Task Force members met Thursday at the state Capitol to
learn about how other state initiatives have succeeded and to plan policy goals.
State Rep. Seneca Scott proposed the task force as part of House Bill 2650, but
it wasn't heard before the full chamber. He later approached the Choctaw Nation
and the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry, and the two
groups then signed a memorandum of understanding to proceed with the task force.

Waggoner said the goal is to make more fresh fruits and vegetables available by
opening new grocery stores, helping convenience stores add produce to shelves,
or bringing mobile farmers markets to neighborhoods.

Pennsylvania was the first state to establish fresh food financing assistance in
2004. The nonprofit group The Food Trust worked within the state to establish a
public-private partnership to fund a portion of grants or loans to start new
grocery businesses, said organization project manager Deirdre Church.

The state agreed to provide $30 million over three years. Combined with private
funding, the state's initiative resulted in $190 million invested and 88 new
grocery stores were opened in five years. The stores ranged between 900 square
feet and 69,000 square feet, and created 5,000 jobs.

Church said there is a federal healthy food financing initiative that provides
money to community development financial institutions. Citizen Potawatomi Nation
Community Development Corp. CEO Shane Jett said his organization has that status
and is willing to help bring federal money to Oklahoma for a fresh food funding
program.

But finding the political will to set aside state money for more small
businesses selling fresh food could be challenging, Waggoner said. That's in
part why it is important to emphasize the health benefits as well as the
potential to increase tax revenue from new businesses, she said.

"It is an economic issue, whether you live in a rural area, an urban area, a
suburban area, for the agricultural industry and for the tribes," Waggoner said.

Waggoner said the group will meet twice more before finalizing policy
recommendations in October.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      December 9, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

TD Charitable Foundation Awards $2.5 Million in Grants to Non-Profits Focused on
Affordable Housing Initiatives

LENGTH: 518  words


New Delhi, Dec. 9 -- The TD Charitable Foundation, the charitable giving arm of
TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, today announced the winners of $2.5
million in grants to support affordable housing initiatives through its eighth
annual "Housing for Everyone" grant competition.



The "Housing for Everyone" competition, the TD Charitable Foundation's signature
program to bolster affordable housing efforts, invited non-profits from Maine to
Florida to submit proposals outlining their plans and initiatives.

"We are proud to award 'Housing for Everyone' grants to these outstanding
organizations as they continue their efforts to stabilize communities and
revitalize neighborhoods, and provide housing services to their many diverse
populations," said Elizabeth K. Warn, President of the TD Charitable Foundation.
"Our goal is to build successful partnerships that benefit people in our
communities, and the 'Housing for Everyone' grants will support the tremendous
work of these non-profits as they strive to help the underserved."

This year's "Housing for Everyone" grants winners are:

* Connecticut: Mutual Housing of Greater Hartford, Inc.

* Florida: Neighborhood Housing and Development Corporation in Gainesville;
Mid-Florida Housing Partnership, Inc. in Daytona Beach; Habitat for Humanity of
Greater Miami.

* Maine: Community Housing of Maine, Inc. in Portland.

* Massachusetts: Valley Community Development Corporation in Northampton; Twin
Cities Community Development Corporation in Fitchburg; Lawrence Community Works,
Inc. in Lawrence.

* New Hampshire: NeigborWorks Greater Manchester.

* New Jersey: Housing and Neighborhood Development Services, Inc. in Orange;
Garden State Episcopal Community Development in Jersey City.

* New York: Women in Need, Inc, in New York; Long Island Housing Partnership,
Inc. in Hauppauge; Community League of the Heights, Inc. in New York; Rural
Ulster Preservation Company, Inc. in Kingston; Women's Housing and Economic
Development Corporation in the Bronx.

* Pennsylvania: New Kensington Community Development Corporation in
Philadelphia; Asociacion Puertorriquenos En Marha, Inc. in Philadelphia; Impact
Services Corp. in Philadelphia; Intercommunity Action, Inc. in Philadelphia.

* North Carolina: Mountain Housing Opportunities, Inc. in Asheville.

* Rhode Island: Pawtucket Citizens Development Corporation in Pawtucket.

* South Carolina: Homes of Hope, Inc. in Greensville.

* Vermont: Champlain Housing Trust in Burlington.

* Washington, DC: TRF Development Partners, Inc. in Baltimore.

Organizations were required to have tax-exempt 501(c)(3) status and to develop
or maintain affordable housing, or provide housing-related programs and services
to  very low-, low- and moderate-income individuals or families.

A staunch commitment to active involvement in the local community is a vital
element of the TD Bank philosophy. TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank and
the TD Charitable Foundation provide support to affordable housing, financial
literacy and education, and environmental initiatives, many of which focus on
improving the welfare of children and families.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 31, 2004

Rural petrol stations to benefit from subsidy plan

BYLINE: Moira Kerr

SECTION: News; Consumer; Motors; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 565 words


Motorists throughout rural Scotland last night received a boost with the news
that more petrol stations could be built in the Highlands and Islands and
Argyll.  Rural stations will benefit from Government subsidies after a ban on
fuel suppliers developing within an eight-mile radius of each other was lifted.

But the fresh step to encourage businesses to apply for grants for up to 50% of
capital funding was last night criticised by opponents.

They claimed the new steps failed to take the cost of providing jobs into
account.

Grants were previously only available to stations which were at least eight
miles from other filling stations.

Announcing the sweeping changes, Transport Minister Nicol Stephen stressed they
followed a review which found the subsidy scheme provided substantial travel,
economic and environmental benefits to many rural communities in Scotland far in
excess of its cost.

He said: "Keeping rural petrol stations open reduces unnecessary travelling
which is good for local people, the local economy and the environment.

"By making the scheme available to all rural petrol stations, more communities
can benefit from this support. For many people and businesses in rural Scotland,
a nearby petrol station is vital to improving convenient travel." But Fergus
Ewing, SNP MSP for Inverness East, Nairn and Lochaber, claimed the Government
had not done enough to help rural petrol stations and motorists.

He said: "I think this is a worthy scheme - as far as it goes - but it is
important to appreciate that this does not provide any support for staff and
running costs.

"The real problem is that Gordon Brown has, as the Tories did before him,
regarded the motorist as an easy way of raising taxes in a guise of action for
the environment." Mr Ewing argued that, in many parts of Argyll and the
Highlands, the environmental argument was not applicable.

He added: "Few of us are choked in the congested roads on Colonsay, or suffer
from smog clouds in Strontian, or are victims of pollution as we sit bumper to
bumper on the freeway from Fort William to Mallaig. Ozone is not Oban's biggest
problem." He argued Scotland should follow France's lead and establish a
community support scheme for essential services, such as the local shop, post
office and petrol station.

But Argyll MSP George Lyon welcomed the revised grant scheme, claiming it would
help many small petrol stations to improve their infrastructure.

John Hunt, who runs Kintyre Filling Station, at Tarbert, Mid Argyll, welcomed
the move.

Mr Hunt, whose business is half-a-mile from the nearest petrol station, found he
was not eligible for the grant scheme when he needed to improve his petrol pumps
a couple of years ago. He said he had to take out a loan - which he is still
paying off - to meet the costs and added he will now search for help to upgrade
the building.

The grant scheme is administered by Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE) and
Scottish Enterprise.

HIE has assisted 47 stations with grants, including £126,610 to Colonsay
Community Development for upgrading tanks and pumps and £66,646 to upgrade
petrol stations on Lewis.

More than 60 rural petrol stations have received grants totalling £2.7million
since the subsidy initiative was introduced in 1998. The new-look subsidy scheme
is due to come into effect on October 1.


LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2004 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 31, 2004

Rural petrol stations get subsidy plan

BYLINE: Moira Kerr

SECTION: News; Consumer; Motors; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 568 words


Motorists throughout rural Scotland last night received a boost with the news
that more petrol stations could be built in the Highlands and Islands and
Argyll.  Rural stations will benefit from Government subsidies after a ban on
fuel suppliers developing within an eight-mile radius of each other was lifted.

But the fresh step to encourage businesses to apply for grants for up to 50% of
capital funding was last night criticised by opponents.

They claimed the new steps failed to take the cost of providing jobs into
account.

Grants were previously only available to stations which were at least eight
miles from other filling stations.

Announcing the sweeping changes, Transport Minister Nicol Stephen stressed they
followed a review which found the subsidy scheme provided substantial travel,
economic and environmental benefits to many rural communities in Scotland far in
excess of its cost.

He said: "Keeping rural petrol stations open reduces unnecessary travelling
which is good for local people, the local economy and the environment.

"By making the scheme available to all rural petrol stations, more communities
can benefit from this support. For many people and businesses in rural Scotland,
a nearby petrol station is vital to improving convenient travel." But Fergus
Ewing, SNP MSP for Inverness East, Nairn and Lochaber, claimed the Government
had not done enough to help rural petrol stations and motorists.  He said: "I
think this is a worthy scheme - as far as it goes - but it is important to
appreciate that this does not provide any support for staff and running costs.

"The real problem is that Gordon Brown has, as the Tories did before him,
regarded the motorist as an easy way of raising taxes in a guise of action for
the environment." Mr Ewing argued that, in many parts of Argyll and the
Highlands, the environmental argument was not applicable.

He added: "Few of us are choked in the congested roads on Colonsay, or suffer
from smog clouds in Strontian, or are victims of pollution as we sit bumper to
bumper on the freeway from Fort William to Mallaig. Ozone is not Oban's biggest
problem." He argued Scotland should follow France's lead and establish a
community support scheme for essential services, such as the local shop, post
office and petrol station.

But Argyll MSP George Lyon welcomed the revised grant scheme, claiming it would
help many small petrol stations to improve their infrastructure.

John Hunt, who runs Kintyre Filling Station, at Tarbert, Mid Argyll, welcomed
the move.

Mr Hunt, whose business is half-a-mile from the nearest petrol station, found he
was not eligible for the grant scheme when he needed to improve his petrol pumps
a couple of years ago. He said he had to take out a loan - which he is still
paying off - to meet the costs and added he will now search for help to upgrade
the building.

The grant scheme is administered by Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE) and
Scottish Enterprise.

HIE has assisted 47 stations with grants, including £126,610 to Colonsay
Community Development for upgrading tanks and pumps and £66,646 to upgrade
petrol stations on Lewis.

More than 60 rural petrol stations have received grants totalling £2.7million
since the subsidy initiative was introduced in 1998. The new-look subsidy scheme
is due to come into effect on October 1.

Comment - Page 15

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2004 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Kentucky: Gov. Beshear Joins Federal Officials to Announce New Program to Assist
Communities Affected by the Downturn of Coal, Energy Production

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Frankfort


Department of Commonwealth, The State of Kentucky has issued the following news
release:

Governor Steve Beshear today joined several federal and state officials to
announce the Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization (POWER) initiative, which will award up to $38 million in grants
to coal communities to support economic and workforce development. The POWER
initiative is designed to effectively utilize a range of federal economic and
workforce development resources to assist communities negatively impacted by the
downturn of coal and energy production.

"It is no secret that our Kentucky coal communities have been struggling due to
a steady decline in production, and we must continue working on ways to expand
economic opportunities there," said Gov. Beshear. "The POWER initiative
emphasizes public, private and philanthropic partnerships tailored to the
specific needs of each community. I believe the POWER initiative will be a
strong component in helping our coal communities overcome their challenges and
thrive in the future. We will aggressively pursue these grant funds with our
local partners."

POWER will award grants to using $28 million to $38 million in FY 2015 funds
from the Department of Commerce (DOC), Department of Labor (DOL), Small Business
Administration (SBA), and the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC). Grants will
be competitively awarded to applicants including state agencies, local
governments and stakeholders anchored in coal communities to develop and
implement strategic plans that will:

diversify economies;
    create jobs in new or existing industries;
    attract new sources of job-creating investments; and
    provide a range of workforce services and skills training that offer
industry-recognized credentials for high-quality, in-demand jobs.

Grant applications are tentatively set to be announced in April and May.

Joining Gov. Beshear today were U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for
Economic Development Jay Williams; White House Director of Intergovernmental
Affairs and former Lt. Governor Jerry Abramson; Senior Advisor to the President
Brian Deese; and Lillian Salerno, administrator of USDA's Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. Each spoke to the importance of the POWER
initiative and the positive impact it can have on struggling communities.

"The Obama Administration is committed to supporting our workers and communities
as they face challenges related to a changing energy landscape in this country,"
said Assistant Secretary Williams. "EDA is proud to be leading the POWER
initiative and we look forward to working with our federal partners to help
communities diversify their economies and help workers get the skills they need
to adapt to and thrive in this changing economy."

"The POWER initiative is an opportunity to bring together the best efforts of
federal, state, and local governments and the private and non-profits sectors to
help Kentuckians build a better future for themselves, their businesses, and
their families," said Abramson.

The Department for Commerce's Economic Development Administration (EDA) will be
the administrative home for POWER and coordinate the effort among the many
federal agencies involved in the initiative. Grant selection, awards and
execution will be managed by each authorized agency, with EDA playing a
coordination role. For more information about the EDA, visit www.eda.gov.

$1.8 Million USDA Rural Business Loan
In coordination with today's POWER announcement, USDA Administrator Lillian
Salerno announced approval of a $1.8 million loan for a new innovative business
in Eastern Kentucky.

Kentucky Dairy Product Innovations (KYPDI) is a health-and-wellness beverage
business headquartered in London, Ky., that will become the first U.S. producer
of low-calorie, lactose-free skim milk. Using the low-calorie, lactose-free skim
milk, the company also has created a new carbonated and flavored dairy product
called Fizza that has been approved for sale at middle and high schools across
the country.

"Investing in small, rural businesses is essential to continuing the economic
revitalization we are seeing today," said Salerno. "The funding announced today
will help support the Obama Administration's vision by providing rural
communities with resources to support small businesses and create new,
sustainable jobs."

The funding is provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
program. It will enable KYDPI to lease-purchase a 12,000-square-foot production
facility in the London-Laurel County Industrial Park. The company plans to hire
up to 20 employees as a result of USDA's investment, which is supplemented by
other funding from Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation and a Community
Development Block Grant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Kansas Health Foundation supports K-State's Rural Grocery Initiative

LENGTH: 268 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Manhattan: Kansas State Univearsity has issued the following news release:



   K-State's Center for Engagement and Community Development has received a
$328,000 grant from the Kansas Health Foundation to support the center's rural
food access work.





 The Rural Grocery Initiative is one of the center's programs to build campus
and community partnerships around significant issues facing Kansans and Kansas
communities.



 "For about eight years, we've been working to help strengthen food access in
rural communities by working to sustain independently-owned rural grocery
stores," said David Procter, the center's director. "These stores play a
critical role in sustaining the social fabric of small Kansas towns and provide
a source of healthful foods, local jobs and taxes, as well as a community asset
for citizen recruitment and retention."



 The Kansas Health Foundation grant will help the center explore the
possibilities and elements of a food-access technical-assistance collaborative
and a food-access learning laboratory. The technical assistance will focus on
three interrelated healthy food access challenges:



     The challenge of strengthening retail grocery business practices while
expanding healthy food options, especially in rural parts of the state,

     The challenges of increasing the reach of Market Match, a SNAP local foods
incentives program, and

     The challenges of expanding the number of WIC- authorized retailers,
especially in rural counties and communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Infrastructure Improvements in Somerset County

LENGTH: 321  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Somerset County Commissioners to extend public sewer piping and improve the
pump station to handle the increased capacity in the Village of Gray in Jenner
Township, Somerset County.

"Improving sewer systems are a costly but necessary upgrade to ensure public
health and safety," said Sec. Walker. "This grant will help support these
efforts without leaving the Township and individual homeowners with the
financial burden."

The Jenner Area Joint Sewer Authority will provide sewer to residents of the
Village of Gray who are currently relying upon failing or marginally performing
on-lot septic systems. The project will include the extension of 7,000 linear
feet of new sanitary sewer piping and the connection of 21 households to the new
system. In addition, improvements will be made to the pump station to handle the
increased capacity. The project will benefit both the 21 households added but
also the existing households currently on the system.

The CDBG grant will provide funding to extend public sewer to the Village of
Gray area of Jenner Township, Somerset County, to eliminate deficient on-lot
systems.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Infrastructure Improvements in Somerset County

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Somerset County Commissioners to extend public sewer piping and improve the
pump station to handle the increased capacity in the Village of Gray in Jenner
Township, Somerset County.

"Improving sewer systems are a costly but necessary upgrade to ensure public
health and safety," said Sec. Walker. "This grant will help support these
efforts without leaving the Township and individual homeowners with the
financial burden."

The Jenner Area Joint Sewer Authority will provide sewer to residents of the
Village of Gray who are currently relying upon failing or marginally performing
on-lot septic systems. The project will include the extension of 7,000 linear
feet of new sanitary sewer piping and the connection of 21 households to the new
system. In addition, improvements will be made to the pump station to handle the
increased capacity. The project will benefit both the 21 households added but
also the existing households currently on the system.

The CDBG grant will provide funding to extend public sewer to the Village of
Gray area of Jenner Township, Somerset County, to eliminate deficient on-lot
systems.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            February 4, 2008 Monday

Supervisors consider revised Headwaters Fund process

BYLINE: Jessie Faulkner/The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 449 words


EUREKA -- The Headwaters Fund Board is citing nearly a year of study sessions
and planning meetings in recommending changes to its process, including taking a
more proactive approach.

The latter, if approved, would allow the board to chose an area of economic
development within the county's Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy, set
up an initiative steering committee, and "launch and staff" each initiative,
according to Community Development Services Director Kirk Girard.

"The Initiative partners would help identify appropriate uses of Headwaters Fund
monies," he wrote. "The Board of Supervisors would approve each initiative
before it starts and would approve all grant awards."

Those initiatives would be financed by revolving loan fund interest and unspent
grant funds. If the process is approved, the supervisors are scheduled to review
and comment on the proposed first initiative.

The Headwaters Fund Board is suggesting an initiative to align local education
and training with the needs of local business and industry.

"Our initial objectives will be to create a 'call to action,' host formation
meetings where specific goals are set by all stakeholders (education and
business), create a framework for supporting and implementing change, and
support development of specific projects that could receive Headwaters Fund
grants," the report stated.

Tuesday's agenda also includes a letter to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger asking
that Grizzly Creek Redwoods State Park be removed from the list of state parks
to be closed.

"The State's budget deficit should not be shouldered by a department that has
'stepped up to the plate' and through its dedicated employees and volunteers
maintained a park system with very minimal resources," the proposed letter
states. "Finally, in Humboldt County the closure of Grizzly Creek State Park
will significantly impact rural residents who rely upon the park for their
drinking water."

Meanwhile, Public Works Director Tom Mattson is seeking the board's approval of
plans and specifications to stabilize the foundation and the piers of the
Martin's Ferry Bridge, and authorize him to distribute bid packages for the
work. There is some urgency to the request as the federal Highway Administration
will cover 100 percent of the stabilization efforts if the work is completed by
June 1, according to Mattson's report. After June 1, the federal contribution
drops to 88.5 percent with the county and OES making up the balance. The
stabilization is estimated to cost $6.13 million.

If You Go:

What: Humboldt County Board of Supervisors

When: 9 a.m., Tuesday

Where: 825 Fifth St., Eureka

Jesie Faulkner can be reached at 441-0517 or jfaulkner@times-standard.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

HUD Announces Key Grants to Help Arkansas's Small Businesses, Provide Emergency
Construction Funds

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative French Hill, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) formally awarded $1.5
million to boost economic development in the Lower Mississippi River Delta
Region. This funding is provided through the Delta Community Capital Initiative.

"America's economy is fueled by small businesses, and when those businesses are
unable to access the capital needed to grow and expand, our states and local
communities feel the effects. Our CDFIs in Arkansas serve a vital role,
providing small and local businesses with loans--often microloans--tailored to
meet their specific needs while strengthening their local towns," said
Congressman French Hill.

Included in the $1.5 million award was $250,000 for Southern Bancorp Capital
Partners (SBCP). SBCP is a Little Rock-based community development financial
institution (CDFI) that aids economic development in rural areas.

"We are grateful to both the Delta Regional Authority and HUD for their
partnership in creating new economic opportunities in the rural Delta. Our
organization, a § 501(c)(3) U.S. Treasury-certified CDFI, has been supporting
Delta entrepreneurs through small business training and lending for over 25
years, which means we have seen firsthand the challenges faced by businesses
needing to raise capital. The investment by the Delta Community Capital
Initiative will be a great tool for empowering rural entrepreneurs and
stimulating growth in the Delta," said SBCP CEO Dominik Mjarten.

HUD also announced a grant of $3,333,442 to the Searcy Housing Authority for the
replacement of the sewer and plumbing lines at Searcy Apartments.

"The Searcy Apartments have experienced severe infrastructure problems over the
past several years, and this grant will help ensure necessary repairs are made
to protect the health and safety of those who reside in the community." said
Hill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

HUD Announces Key Grants to Help Arkansas's Small Businesses, Provide Emergency
Construction Funds

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative French Hill, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) formally awarded $1.5
million to boost economic development in the Lower Mississippi River Delta
Region. This funding is provided through the Delta Community Capital Initiative.

"America's economy is fueled by small businesses, and when those businesses are
unable to access the capital needed to grow and expand, our states and local
communities feel the effects. Our CDFIs in Arkansas serve a vital role,
providing small and local businesses with loans--often microloans--tailored to
meet their specific needs while strengthening their local towns," said
Congressman French Hill.

Included in the $1.5 million award was $250,000 for Southern Bancorp Capital
Partners (SBCP). SBCP is a Little Rock-based community development financial
institution (CDFI) that aids economic development in rural areas.

"We are grateful to both the Delta Regional Authority and HUD for their
partnership in creating new economic opportunities in the rural Delta. Our
organization, a § 501(c)(3) U.S. Treasury-certified CDFI, has been supporting
Delta entrepreneurs through small business training and lending for over 25
years, which means we have seen firsthand the challenges faced by businesses
needing to raise capital. The investment by the Delta Community Capital
Initiative will be a great tool for empowering rural entrepreneurs and
stimulating growth in the Delta," said SBCP CEO Dominik Mjarten.

HUD also announced a grant of $3,333,442 to the Searcy Housing Authority for the
replacement of the sewer and plumbing lines at Searcy Apartments.

"The Searcy Apartments have experienced severe infrastructure problems over the
past several years, and this grant will help ensure necessary repairs are made
to protect the health and safety of those who reside in the community." said
Hill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Middlesbrough Evening Gazette

                            December 15, 2008 Monday
                                  SP3 Edition

New proposals will boost the business base;
Commercial Feature in association with Tees Valley Unlimited

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 550 words


PROPOSALS have been drawn up for a new pounds 11m initiative, backed by the
European Regional Development Fund, to boost and restructure the Tees Valley
business base.

The Tees Valley Integrated Business Support Activity Operation, is a set of 11
projects that will provide new job opportunities through business establishment
and growth, and safeguard existing jobs through improved efficiencies.
Concentrated in the most disadvantaged areas of the sub-region, it will help
reduce the disparities in economic performance in the Tees Valley and the
North-east region.

All of the selected projects will help to remove the barriers to growth for the
self-employed and micro businesses operating below the VAT threshold and to
support them with the aim of increasing the number of VAT registrations.

The majority of the projects will work in partnership with Business Link North
East to ensure there is no duplication of activity and to maximise the benefit
to the individuals and small to medium sized businesses.

Some of the key benefits will be:

Linking companies to mentoring, training and networking opportunities, these
projects will assist in developing the entrepreneurship skills of new companies.

Linking new companies to training, support and a ready supply of information
which will allow them to access procurement opportunities across the EU.

Some new businesses supported through these projects will be linked to one of
the region's major innovation connectors, the Digital City initiative, which
lies at the heart of the Tees Valley.

By supporting the growth and survival of new companies in deprived communities,
this project will allow for an increase in high quality employment opportunities
in these deprived wards.

Meanwhile an application for European funding to support the rural communities
of the North York Moors, Howardian Hills and East Cleveland area has been
successful in securing pounds 3m. It will be used to support projects that
improve the quality of life and economic prosperity of local communities between
now and 2013.

The money is being provided via the LEADER grant programme funded by the
European Union and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs that
supports sustainable economic and community development in rural areas.

The funding will be managed by the North York Moors, Coast and Hills LEADER
Partnership whose members include the North York Moors National Park Authority,
the Tees Valley Joint Strategy Unit, Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council North
Yorkshire County Council, local authorities in North Yorkshire, Rural Community
Councils and local voluntary organisations. The partnership will shortly be
looking to create a Local Action Group of local businesses, farmers, landowners,
voluntary groups and individuals which will play a key role in allocating the
funding.

Following consultation with local communities and stakeholders, three main
priority themes have been identified:

Sustainable rural communities

Conservation and enhancement of the rural heritage, recreation opportunities and
environment

Village renewal and development Early in the new year, people and organisations
within the project area will be able to apply for grants for initiatives that
fit with the themes and priorities of the programme.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  pounds 3m will be used to improve the quality of life in rural
communities like the North York Moors

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Deficit Estimates Revised Upward For 1983, 1984

                           April 13, 1983, Wednesday

By Craig T. Ferris and Frank Gresock

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 12


Despite new projections of increased economic growth, the Reagan administration
today estimated that the fiscal 1983 and 1984 budget deficits will be $4 billion
larger than it projected in January.

The Office of Management and Budget said that the 1983 deficit will be $210.5
billion when the fiscal year ends Sept. 30, $2.5 billion larger than it
projected in January. Similarly, the fiscal 1984 deficit is now expected to be
$190.2 billion, $1.5 billion higher than previously estimated.

Although the administration now projects economic growth of 4.7% this year, up
from the 3.1% rate forecast three months ago, OMB said the deficit will rise
because of declines in revenue due to falling oil prices and lower inflation and
higher spending due to passage of the jobs bill.

OMB said inflation is now expected to rise 4.5% this year, instead of the 5.6%
rate projected in January.

At the same time, OMB projected a lower budget deficit for fiscal years 1985
through 1988 than in January. The revised projection for fiscal 1985 is for a
$184.6 billion gap, down $9.6 billion from January. And the nation's combined
budget deficits through 1988 will be $28.5 billion lower than originally
projected, although the deficit in fiscal 1988 will still be $102.4 billion.

The revised forecast left unchanged both the administration's earlier forecast
of a 4% real growth rate, on a fourth-quarter-to-fourth-quarter basis, for
fiscal 1984 through 1988, and 90-day Treasury bill rates of 8.0% this year, 7.8%
in 1984, 7.1% in 1985, 6.6% in 1986, 6.4% in 1987 and 5.9% in 1988.

The updated forecast also projected that unemployment will decline faster than
originally thought. The estimate is for a drop in joblessness to 9.7% this year,
on a fourth-quarter-to-fourth-quarter basis, down from the 10.4% rate projected
in January. The jobless rate is expected to decline to 8.8% next year and 8.2%
in 1985, down from 9.5% and 8.5% projected in January.

OMB projected that the deficit will rise by $2.5 billion this year, as receipts
increase by $800 million to $598.3 billion while spending rises by $3.3 billion
to $808.5 billion - primarily due to the recently enacted jobs bill.

The fiscal 1984 deficit will rise by $1.5 billion, OMB said, as receipts fall by
$6 billion to $653.7 billion while spending is expected to decline by $4.6
billion from earlier estimates to $843.9 billion.

Because of the projected rise in the deficits this year and next, OMB said it
now expects federal government borrowing to rise this year by $2 billion over
the January estimate to $217 billion and by $1 billion in 1984 over the January
estimate to $204 billion.

Because of the higher deficits and increased agency borrowings, OMB said it
expects the total debt subject to limit will be $1.388 trillion on Sept. 30,
about $8.3 billion above the Janurary estimate, and $1.619 trillion on Sept. 30,
1984, some $16.2 billion over the estimate three months ago.

OMB said the higher real GNP, lower unemployment and inflation would cut $98
billion from the combined deficit through 1988 - but lower oil prices, the jobs
bill, and other spending will raise the combined deficit by $69.5 billion,
resulting in a net reduction of only $28.5 billion from the combined deficit
projected in January.

Although the projected rise in real growth could mean an $18.4 billion reduction
in the total deficit this year and next, OMB said that gain will be more than
wiped out by lower oil prices, the jobs bill, and technical reestimates. As a
result, it said, the nation will be $4 billion further in debt and the end of
this year and next than forecast in January.

Meanwhile, in the Republican-controlled Senate Budget Committee, President
Reagan suffered a number of setbacks to his 1984 budget. The committee
tentatively rejected some of his proposed cuts in urban aid and transportation.

Pete V. Domenici, R-N.M., chairman of the budget committee, said some of the
decisions made today could be revised after the committee decides on the level
of tax revenues they will propose for the 1984 budget.

The committee is scheduled to set a tax revenue level on Wednesday, which could
force them to lower spending to hold down the deficit.

The panel made no mention of the President's New Federalism initiative, which
would consolidate urban aid grants to states and localities, and provided the
full $3.5 billion for community development block grants.

President Reagan had proposed taking the $1.1 billion provided for community
development under the recent emergency jobs bill from the total $4.5 billion
cities and counties expect to receive next year.

The President's federalism plan also envisioned combining community development
money with the $4.5 billion into one block grant. No mention of this block grant
was made by the senators. In addition, the panel agreed to provide $450 million
for urban development action grants in 1984.

The administration's budget called for a savings of $200 million by carrying
over unused urban action grant money from 1983.

Earlier in the day, the committee rejected the idea of a $850 million rural
housing block grant under the federalism initiative.

Under the initiative, the $850 million would have been divided among the states
to provide housing in rural areas. But the committee's rejection of that plan
showed that Congress wanted to continue the current system of providing
interest-subsidized mortgages to residents of rural areas.

President Reagan would have provided part of the housing-block grants to the
states by eliminating low-interest loans through the federal Farmers Home
Administration. However, the committee today voted a 2% increase in the
subsidized loans. In 1983, the mortgage authority under the farmer's home
program is expected to provide mortgages for some 90,000 single-family homes.

As part of its tentative decisions, the budget committee also proposed funding
for 14,000 units of housing for the elderly and disabled, which the President
wanted held to 10.000 units.

Sen. Domenici said of the rural housing loans: ''I don't believe we're ever
going to get rid of Farmers Administration low-interest loans.''

At the same time the committee rejected the administration's plan to cut back
highway and mass transportation spending authorized when Congress enacted the
5-cents-per-gallon gas tax last year.

The committee voted 10 to 6 to rule out the administration's latest attempt to
phase out by 1985 the $700 million annual operating subsidies for public
transportation systems around the country.

When Congress passed the gasoline tax it dedicated 1 cent, or about $1 billion a
year, for mass transportation, capital projects and operating subsidies.
Although the committee cannot say how the money shall be spent, it made it clear
that it felt capital spending could be reduced next year to provide the
operating subsidies.

The committee also rejected the administration's plan to cut $200 million from
highway spending, and instead approved the full $12.1 billion authorized when
Congress passed the gas tax. Revenues from the tax finance federal highway
construction.

Earlier the committee agreed to a $12.7 billion international affairs budget
which includes $8.5 billion in additional funds for the International Monetary
Fund.

The international affairs budget, which includes the IMF and World Bank
activities, also contains foreign aid and assistance to Israel, as well as food
programs for underdeveloped nations.

Although the committee cannot dictate how this money should be used, it will
send language to the Senate calling for tighter controls on loans made by both
the World Bank and the IMF.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1285 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 N. Warren Town and County News (Norwalk, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2015

MEETING FOR ARTS, CULTURAL & HISTORIC ORGANIZATIONS

BYLINE: N. Warren Town & County News staff

LENGTH: 496  words


In August 2014, the Iowa Heartland Resource, Conservation & Development, Inc.
(IHRC&D) based in Indianola received a USDA Rural Community Development
Initiative grant to assist in supporting and sustaining efforts to unite the
vast array of arts, cultural and historical assets in Dallas, Jasper, Madison,
Marion, Polk (rural) and Warren counties. One of the outcomes of this grant is
to establish a Regional Arts Council composed of advocates for the arts, culture
and history.

To share more information and learn about this exciting development, a
"Community Conversations" Lunch Meeting is planned for Tuesday, July 28, at
11:30 a.m. at the Winterset Public Library, 123 North Second Street. The lunch
is complimentary and parking is easily accessible. Please RSVP to Nancy at
library@winterset.lib.ia.us or by calling 515.462.1731 by Friday, July 24, if
you plan to attend.

Through this initiative, they are partnering with the Iowa League of RC&D,
University of Iowa and the Iowa Department of Cultural Affairs to bring support
and assistance to arts, cultural and historic organizations within our rural
communities.. What we know:

Current arts, history and cultural organizations in Iowa may benefit from
technical assistance, opportunities to network with one another and share
projects or goals.

Many groups doing great things are faced with small, but mighty, Boards and/or
volunteers who are aging or stretched to capacity.

Accessing funds for arts, history and culture is challenging-especially in rural
Iowa yet we have outstanding resources and assets worthy of support.

Investing in arts, history and cultural projects can have a huge economic impact
on small communities, as well as entice younger generations to stay or return to
a vibrant, small community.

Arts, history and culture programs in regional school districts are often the
first to go when budgets are tight.

At this time, one of our primary goals is to establish a Regional Cultural
Council. The purpose of the Council is to preserve, protect, interpret and
promote Iowa's art, culture and history. To that end, Regional Cultural Councils
are being developed to provide local input, guidance and leadership for regional
planning and implementation of projects.

Regional Cultural Councils serve as a catalyst for the creative economy.

Regional Cultural Councils are empowered to become engines for economic
vitality, cultural diversity and historic preservation as well as regional art,
history and cultural project planning throughout Iowa.

Because the public's guidance and input is critical to this process, we
encourage advocates for the arts, culture and history to attend this meeting.
This is a multi-year effort that will rely on the ideas, creativity and energy
to achieve successful outcomes.

The IHRC&D is a 501(c)(3) corporation serving Dallas, Jasper, Madison, Marion,
Polk and Warren counties for the purpose of improving the quality of life
through economic development and resource conservation.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CWA

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2015 N. Warren Town and County News


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Infrastructure Improvements in Huntingdon County

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:


Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Huntingdon County Commissioners to relocate a public sewer and water lines
in Mt. Union Borough, Huntingdon County.

"The Corbett Administration is pleased to assist Mt. Union Borough with the
support to proactively respond to a significant infrastructure need that will
positively impact the community," said Sec. Walker. "Our partnership with the
borough will save 16 households from becoming uninhabitable due to potential
collapses and infrastructure cutoffs."

The CDBG grant will provide funding to relocate a portion of the public sewer
and water lines along with three brick manholes in the Pennsylvania Avenue area
in Mt. Union Borough.

The Huntingdon County Planning and Development Office will administer the
project which will include the relocation of 1,475 linear feet of sewer and
water lines that are compromised due to an unstable retaining wall. By
relocating the sewer and water lines, the retaining wall can be reconstructed
preventing 16 households from becoming uninhabitable in the event that the wall
collapses and cuts off the sewer and water lines. Upon completion, the project
will also allow for officials to reopen the closed portion of Pennsylvania
Avenue.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development, and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Infrastructure Improvements in Huntingdon County

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Huntingdon County Commissioners to relocate a public sewer and water lines
in Mt. Union Borough, Huntingdon County.

"The Corbett Administration is pleased to assist Mt. Union Borough with the
support to proactively respond to a significant infrastructure need that will
positively impact the community," said Sec. Walker. "Our partnership with the
borough will save 16 households from becoming uninhabitable due to potential
collapses and infrastructure cutoffs."

The CDBG grant will provide funding to relocate a portion of the public sewer
and water lines along with three brick manholes in the Pennsylvania Avenue area
in Mt. Union Borough.

The Huntingdon County Planning and Development Office will administer the
project which will include the relocation of 1,475 linear feet of sewer and
water lines that are compromised due to an unstable retaining wall. By
relocating the sewer and water lines, the retaining wall can be reconstructed
preventing 16 households from becoming uninhabitable in the event that the wall
collapses and cuts off the sewer and water lines. Upon completion, the project
will also allow for officials to reopen the closed portion of Pennsylvania
Avenue.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development, and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Original Irregular

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 5, 2009

Northern Forest Canoe Trail, Madison get grants

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 308  words


WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced the selection
of 145 recipients for more than $15.3 million in grants to start or expand
businesses in rural communities.

In addition to the $15.3 million that USDA Rural Development is providing for
the 145 projects announced, recipients have raised $16 million from other
sources.

In Maine, three organizations will receive a total of $378,000 to promote
economic and community development.

Northern Forest Canoe Trail Inc. has been selected to receive $75,000 to provide
technical assistance to rural small businesses in promoting tourism, recreation
and heritage attractions m the Maine counties of Franklin, Somerset and
Piscataquis. This project is part of the Northern Forest Canoe Trail's Rural
Destination Tourism Initiative, which seeks to promote and foster economic
development through promoting nature-based tourism in New York, Vermont, New
Hampshire, Maine, and Quebec.

The Town of Madison has been selected to receive $50,000 to enhance its
revolving loan fund for small rural businesses, creating economic opportunities
in the area.

The Town of Greenville has been selected to receive $253,000 to construct a
building that will house its Natural Resource Education as well as serve as a
Visitor's Center for the Moosehead Lake Region Chamber of Commerce.

Acting State Director Valarie C. Flanders said. "These-investments represent
significant opportunities for Maine's rural small businesses, encourage tourism,
and support economic and community development in our state."

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Further information on rural programs
is available at a local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA Rural
Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2009 The Original Irregular


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                           February 7, 2008 Thursday

Housing assistance funds awarded in Northern California

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 456 words


Grant funds to assist needy families were awarded to seven agencies in Northern
California including the Community Action Agency of Butte County.

Senator Sam Aanestad (R-Grass Valley) announced that emergency grant funding has
been awarded to seven cities in his Northern California District.

The funding, administered by the California Department of Housing and Community
Development, is part of the Emergency Housing and Assistance Program (EHAP). The
grant funding will be directed to local agencies that provide shelter and other
services for homeless families and individuals.

"This grant funding is an important part of Governor Schwarzenegger's Initiative
on Homelessness, and shows his commitment to helping parents who are struggling
to provide for their children," Aanestad said.

More than $30,000 in grant funding has been awarded to Community Recovery
Resources in the Nevada County community of Grass Valley and Community Action
Agency of Butte County, Inc. has qualified for a grant of more than $25,000.

The Glenn County Human Resource Agency in Willows has qualified for two grants
worth more than $21,000, and the Alternatives to Violence agency in the Tehama
County community of Red Bluff will received an EHAP grant of more than $20,000.

EHAP grants in the amount of $16,980 have also been awarded to the Siskiyou
Domestic Violence and Crisis Center in Yreka. Rural Human Services, Inc. in
Crescent City will receive more than $10,000 in grant funding, and the Human
Response Network in Weaverville will receive a $10,000 EHAP grant.

"The agencies selected for this funding have shown previous success in not only
providing shelter, but helping the homeless find stable employment and permanent
housing," Aanestad said.

EHAP funds are distributed to eligible applicant agencies, and the application
process is competitive. Grant funding can be used to defray the costs of
facility operations and administration, residential rental assistance, and
leasing or renting rooms for temporary shelter. The grant funding can also be
put toward capital improvements.

Senator Aanestad says the goal of the Governor's Initiative on Homelessness is
to provide integrated permanent housing and services to long-term homeless
people in partnership with local governments and the private sector.  The
California Department of Housing and Community Development recently estimated
there are 80,000 to 95,000 homeless children in California, making the
percentage of homeless children greater today than at any time since the Great
Depression.

"Every Californian deserves a place to call home, Aanestad said. "The Governor's
initiative is a proven approach to help the long-term homeless start a new life
and say goodbye to the streets forever."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

FINANCE NM: NM MainStreet Program helps communities

BYLINE: By Jon Barela For the Sun-News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Opinion

LENGTH: 635 words


Programs revitalize historic centers of commerce

Economic development in New Mexico is often a joint effort of individual
communities and the state's Economic Development Department, which oversees
multiple programs designed to bolster the state's infrastructure and support the
entrepreneurial ambitions of New Mexicans.

Three high profile initiatives are the New Mexico MainStreet Program and two
programs that fall under its umbrella: the Frontier Communities Initiative and
the Arts and Cultural Districts Program.

MainStreet makeovers

The MainStreet Program is the oldest and biggest of the three initiatives. Since
1985, it has provided state support to communities that adopt a consensus
approach to revitalizing their core commercial neighborhoods. Such makeovers are
the foundation for creating or strengthening businesses, stimulating job
creation and generating tax revenues -- all while preserving local cultural and
historic assets.

Locals are the heart of the MainStreet program, but the state pitches in with
free training in design, promotion and publicity, organization and economic
positioning. This "Four Point Approach" is a creation of the National Main
Street Center, an auxiliary of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.

Tangible benefits have been realized in 23 New Mexico towns that participate in
the MainStreet Program, including Artesia, Belen, Clovis, Deming, Grants, Las
Cruces, Las Vegas, Truth or Consequences, Raton and Zuni Pueblo. In 2012 alone
the program was credited with the net growth of 134 new businesses, 622 jobs and
nearly $17 million in private sector reinvestment in New Mexico.

Small-town "Frontiers"

Under the leadership of Gov. Susana Martinez, our department and the cooperation
of the legislature, the Economic Development Department launched the Frontier
Communities Initiative in 2013 to boost economic development in rural
communities of fewer than 7,500 people. The effort is coordinated by the New
Mexico MainStreet Program and, like that program, strives to breathe new life
into a traditional or historic commercial district or corridor. It, too, relies
on grass-roots supporters -- locals who are committed to working together to
sustain community development beyond the life of an individual project.

Communities can apply through a government sponsor or an economic or community
development organization to refurbish a streetscape, building or other site with
historic significance.

The state offers technical assistance and other resources to Frontier
communities, but it doesn't provide direct funding. The number of projects
selected each year depends on legislative appropriations.

Building on arts, culture

New Mexico adopted its Arts and Cultural Districts Program six years ago to
consciously promote arts and culture as part of the state's economic development
picture. The program aims to draw attention to the state's distinctive cultural
and artistic riches and to help communities support and capitalize on those
resources to improve their economic vitality and quality of life.

Las Vegas and Silver City were the first towns to establish Arts and Cultural
Districts in 2008; Taos, Los Alamos, Raton and the Albuquerque Downtown Action
Team later joined them.

EDD's MainStreet Program, the Department of Cultural Affairs and the Department
of Tourism are among the state agencies that partner with the Museum of New
Mexico Foundation and the McCune Foundation to help the districts with planning.
The state also offers tax credits for the rehab of culturally significant
structures.

For more information on these and other economic development programs, contact
Rich Williams, director of the New Mexico MainStreet Program at 505-827-0168 or
visitnmmainstreet.org .

Jon Barela is the Secretary of the New Mexico Economic Development Department

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jon Barela

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Award of Community Development
Block Grant for Infrastructure Improvements in Indiana County

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $370,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Indiana County Commissioners to construct a new water treatment facility in
Montgomery Township, Indiana County.

"The Corbett administration understands the importance of coordinated federal
and state efforts to upgrade and expand local infrastructure," said Sec. Walker
"As a result, our partnership with the Indiana County Commissioners will address
code deficiencies and provide increased safety through remediation."

The Indiana County Municipal Service Authority (ICMSA) currently operates a
water system in the Village of Arcadia in Montgomery Township, Indiana County.
This system currently serves 30 residential dwellings, 1 church and 1 small
business. The ICMSA is currently under a consent order to improve the quality of
water filtration at the Arcadia treatment facility. This facility was
constructed in 1985.

The CDBG grant will provide funding to support the construction of a new water
treatment facility for the Village of Arcadia to meet existing treatment and
filtration needs.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 June 22, 2007
                                Surveys Edition

Sharing in a rural project is rewarding

BYLINE: Erica Webster

SECTION: EDUCATION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 540  words


Sharing in a rural project is rewarding

COMMUNITY development is high on the agenda of many schools, says Dr Jane
Hofmeyr, executive director of the Independent Schools Association of Southern
Africa.

"Most independent schools have active community development partnership
programmes in place that reach out to poor independent or public schools,
providing classes in the afternoons for pupils, workshops for teachers,
principal forums and literacy classes for adults."

The number of pupils and teachers they reach through these efforts exceeds the
numbers they educate themselves many times over, she says.

"It's not just the well resourced schools - even mid- and low-fee schools share
what they have with schools that are worse off."

Mary Williams, executive headmistress at Roedean School, says since 2002 the
school has focused on developing community partnerships.

"We need to move away from the paternalistic mindset of the old-style outreach
programme that was a one-way exercise.

"If you do that you don't teach young people the true issues around meaningful
citizenship."

She says the benefits of involvement in community development are profound.

"Young people today, because of their focus and involvement with technology, can
become quite narcissistic, but involvement in meaningful community initiatives
creates a balance.

"It creates an awareness of the world as it actually exists beyond the
boundaries of a school or home environment where they don't want for much."

Williams suggests incorporating community partnership and community development
programmes into the curriculum.

"We have included it in life orientation and it is one of the major projects for
the grade 10s' portfolio work.

"They identify an organisation, put together a programme, work within the
organisation and report back," he says.

"By the time a girl matriculates from Roedean she should be well-informed
through her own experience and can choose whether to make community involvement
a part of her life."

Williams says the most important element of any community initiative is
sustainability.

"It must be something that can be handed on from one group of girls to another."

Heather Barclay, director of community development at Roedean School, says the
school's philosophy of exposing each grade to a new experience prompted it to
seek out a rurally based community initiative.

"By grade 11 they will have had the opportunity to do quite a lot of work in the
community around us and we felt it would be useful for them to have an
experience further afield.

"About two months ago, Phedisang, a feeding scheme in Maruleng, Limpopo
Province, approached us to develop an afternoon programme for the children on
the scheme."

In August, 12 girls from Roedean will spend five days in Maruleng partnering
with girls of the same age who are already part of the Phedisang project and
working together to develop an afternoon programme.

The girls will have to keep a journal and do research while there, says Barclay.

"We've had people from Phedisang speak to them and present the project. They are
already preparing themselves, doing research around grants that are available to
orphaned and vulnerable children, making art boxes and games and learning basic
Sepedi phrases," she says.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 28, 2008 Friday
                                 State Edition

St. Agatha leaders voice opposition to cuts

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 461 words


ST. AGATHA - Over the past few years, the town of St. Agatha has benefited from
a number of domestic programs that have bettered the community and the lives of
its residents.

Maintaining that such funding is crucial to advancing rural communities and
acknowledging that cuts to a number of domestic initiatives are threatened at
the national level, four St. Agatha leaders went to the nation's capital to make
their opposition to the cuts heard.

President Bush released his $3.1 trillion Fiscal Year 2009 federal budget last
month.

On March 13, St. Agatha Town Manager Ryan Pelletier and Paul Bernier, the
community development director for St. Agatha and Frenchville, joined with St.
Agatha Selectman Beurmond Banville and Board of Selectmen Chairman Jean Martin
to meet with the state's congressional delegation in Washington, D.C. The four
were part of a larger delegation of 19 Mainers who attended the three-day
National Cities Conference.

Pelletier, Martin and Bernier were selected as three of Maine's seven
spokespeople to address the need for additional money for Community Development
Block Grant programs and for waste and wastewater treatment projects. They also
urged support for decreasing the impact of Medicaid and special education
funding shortcomings.

Pelletier noted in a written statement Bush's proposed cuts of 22 to 25 percent
for domestic programs such as the CDBG program. Pelletier said that small towns
like St. Agatha rely heavily on such programs to fund housing and infrastructure
development projects and for other initiatives.

He added the town is using a combination of state and federal grants and loans
to finance a $2.8 million sewer line extension project in the community. He said
more federal money would be needed to leverage the project and to keep sewer
system costs to residents affordable.

Bernier also stressed that small towns throughout Maine rely heavily on programs
that provide money for infrastructure development, while Martin, who also is a
school administrator in the St. John Valley, emphasized the importance of
decreasing the impact of Medicaid and special education funding shortcomings.

Cuts also are proposed to the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, to
programs helping to develop Homeland Security in the state, and to numerous
other initiatives. All of those topics and others were discussed by the St.
Agatha contingent and the congressional delegation.

Pelletier said that he and other participants felt the delegation heard their
concerns, adding that all said their offices would work to solve the problems.

While at the national convention, Pelletier, Martin, Bernier and Banville also
attended a number of conferences that they believe will help St. Agatha and
other communities throughout the state.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Oklahoma health briefs

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION:

LENGTH: 522 words


Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma&nbsp;awards grantsTULSA - Blue Cross and
Blue Shield of Oklahoma announced that it has awarded grants to 11 organizations
across the state, through its Healthy Kids, Healthy Families initiative.The
initiative&nbsp;is part of a commitment to invest in and partner with
nonprofit&nbsp;organizations that offer sustainable, measurable programs to
reach children and their families in four key areas: nutrition, physical
activity, preventing and managing disease, and supporting safe environments.
Grants were awarded to:â?¢Latino Community Development Agency's Familias
Saludables (Healthy Families) program to provide families with tools and skills
to improve their health through nutrition, physical activity and preventive
health measures.â?¢Mental Health Association of Oklahoma's expansion in Oklahoma
City to provide housing assistance for individuals struggling with mental health
issues and to support overall state programming.â?

¢Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma's School Pantry System and Clinical
Based Food Pantry System Pilot, which brings food assistance to older students
similar to the Backpack for Kids program, as well as to launch pilot programs
with health clinics to treat nutrition as a key element in disease
management.â?¢Oklahoma Caring Foundation's efforts to bring additional dental
health resources and services to the state through four partner Caring Van
programs serving rural Oklahoma.â?¢Community Health Centers Inc.'s Diabetes
Action Project that works with clients in rural Oklahoma County to encourage
testing and healthy behaviors that prevent the escalation and complications
associated with diabetes.Other grantees include:â?¢CATCH Global Foundation
-&nbsp;Western Oklahoma CATCH Coordinated School Health Initiative.â?¢Emergency
Infant Services - Food and Formula Project.â?¢Girls on the Run of Southern
Oklahoma Inc. - Operational Support.â?¢Oklahoma Department of Health
-&nbsp;FITNESSGRAM for Oklahoma Public Schools.â?¢University of Oklahoma
Foundation -&nbsp;Wavelengths: Transition Program for Young Adults With
Diabetes.Norman center plans forum on sexual assaultNORMAN - The Women's
Resource Center in Norman will host a community forum at 6 p.m.&nbsp;Thursday in
the auditorium at Norman Regional Hospital's Education Center, 901 N Porter Ave.
The public is invited to attend and participate in a conversation about sexual
assault in the community.The center&nbsp;was approached this month by members of
the community with questions about the number of sexual assaults in Norman and
what is being done about them, according to a news release.&nbsp;The Women's
Resource Center hopes to bring together community partners that respond to
sexual assaults as well as present a panel of experts who&nbsp;will be available
to answer questions from the public. Presenters will include representatives
from Norman Police Department, Norman Public Schools, University of
Oklahoma&nbsp;Gender and Equality Center, Yes All Daughters and staff from the
Women's Resource Center&nbsp;Rape Crisis Center.For more information, call
364-9424.From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             June 11, 2005 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Small-town aid program merits big attention

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 431 words


HomeTown Competitiveness, a unique Nebraska program designed to reverse rural
decline, has enjoyed quiet triumph since it began in 2002.

HTC recently has beaten out more than 180 applicants to win a grant provided
through the W.K. Kellogg Foundation's 75th Anniversary Entrepreneurship
Development Systems for Rural America.

The HTC is an initiative of the Nebraska Community Foundation, which is a
statewide success story itself.

Started 12 years ago by former Lt. Gov. Maxine Moul and others, the Nebraska
Community Foundation teaches small towns the ropes of charitable giving,
providing the tools and knowledge for people to help themselves.

The privately funded foundation has a fine track record. It has helped David
City build a swimming pool, library and ball field. It has given similar
assistance to Unadilla, Hebron, Wilber-Clatonia and Nebraska City.

Its HTC initiative promises equally fine results, as evidenced by the Kellogg
grant. In 2004, HTC received the Innovative Program Award from the Community
Development Society.

Begun as a pilot program in Valley County and Ord in 2002, it is being
implemented in Stuart; Atkinson; Mullen; Chase and Perkins counties; Knox
County; David City; and O'Neill.

The Kellogg grant of $2 million over three years will allow expansion into as
many as 15 sites in Nebraska.

HTC attracted national attention when it was featured in the Feb. 9 issue of USA
Today.

Cynthia Milligan, dean of business administration at the University of
Nebraska-Lincoln, who in December will chair  the Kellogg Foundation, said the
objective of its initial investment was to "demonstrate the promise of
entrepreneurial development in revitalizing rural America" and to stimulate
investments by local philanthropists and state, local and federal governments.

The HTC program has four main parts: building leaders; building capital by
encouraging people to remember their hometowns in their wills; building
entrepreneurs to improve businesses or start new ones; and retaining youths by
training them to be entrepreneurs and alerting them to local opportunities.

It's not difficult to appreciate the value, and need, of HTC's efforts. All
across the state, small farming towns and villages are literally hanging on by
their fingernails as populations dwindle and flicker. Other towns just get by,
as youngsters flee to the cities after graduating from high school and local
storefronts are boarded up.

The bleeding can be stopped, as HTC has shown. We hope more Nebraska communities
can take advantage of a proven, if possibly underused, resource in HomeTown
Competitiveness.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 5, 2007 Monday

Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc. receives grant

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 67  words


Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc. has received a $125,000 grant to train
nonprofit community action agencies to promote and package a down-payment and
closing-cost-assistance program for low-income families. The grant was among
$6.4 million in funds approved for 33 organizations in 22 states through the
U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development's Rural Community Development
Initiative Program.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Durbin, Duckworth Announce More Than $4 Million In Federal Funding
For Rural Community Development In Southern Illinois

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Dick Durbin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL) and Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) today announced
$4,198,600 in federal funding for projects in Clay, Crawford, Edgar, Marion,
Moultrie, Richland, and Pulaski Counties to support rural community development
projects. Today's funding, provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Community Development Initiative Grant, will provide assistance to benefit
public safety, water infrastructure, local VFWs, mental health facilities, and
more.





 "This federal funding will help boost communities in southern Illinois, serving
to improve drinking water infrastructure, police vehicles and public safety,
mental health services, and much more," said Durbin. "I will continue working
with Senator Duckworth to ensure that our state's rural communities have access
to the critical federal investments that drive economic growth."



 "Illinois communities deserve the resources they need to effectively serve
hardworking families across our state. These investments in public safety,
mental health facilities and clean water supplies will go a long way towards
strengthening local economies, and I look forward to working closely with
Senator Durbin to secure more investments like these to support our rural
communities," Duckworth said.



 Under this announcement, the following projects will receive USDA funding:



 ·         City of Flora (Clay County): $21,100 grant to refurbish two of the
current sirens and replace the three sirens that are no longer working on the
north and east sides with two new sirens that will be located in the center of
town and on the east side of town by the airport.  The project also includes the
equipment and software needed to remotely run the sirens.  The new software also
enables the sirens to be used as a public announcement system.  The two new
sirens cover more area than the three that they will be replacing.

 ·         Clark-Edgar Rural Water District (Edgar County): $95,000 loan to fund
a cost overrun that has occurred due to a lapse in time due to the receipt of
CDAP grant funds. The project will construct approximately 122 linear feet of 3
and 4 inch water main and appurtenances to serve approximately 42 new customers
in Johnson Township (South) in Clark County.  This project will alleviate a
health hazard that exists with high levels of nitrate and bacterial
contamination.

 ·         Moultrie Independent Telephone Company (MITCO) (Moultrie County):
$4,000,000 loan to make system improvements, in the form of
Fiber-to-the-Premises (FTTP) additions, in their single exchange of Lovington.
In addition, MITCO will also install new associated electronics.

 ·         Pulaski County Memorial Post No. 8891 Veterans of Foreign Wars of the
US Inc. (Pulaski County): $17,300 grant to repair and renovate an existing VFW
building.  The project consists of the installation of a new roof, repairs to
ceiling tiles, installation of three new doors, painting and new lighting.

 ·         Southeastern Illinois Counseling Center (Richland County): $20,400
grant to replace the roof on Southeastern Illinois Counseling Center's facility
located on Micah Drive in Olney, Illinois. The entity provides social services
including mental health and alcohol and drug abuse counseling, rehabilitation
services to developmentally disabled individuals and psychological services to
residents in the rural areas of Southeastern Illinois.

 ·         Village of Odin (Marion County): $20,000 grant to purchase a police
vehicle for the Village of Odin.  The police vehicle will include new lights and
radio equipment.

 ·         Village of Oblong (Crawford County): $17,300 grant to purchase a 2016
AWD Utility Police Inceptor vehicle. This vehicle will replace the 2011 Dodge
Charger that has high mileage and needs costly repairs.

 ·         Village of Woodlawn (Jefferson County): $7,500 grant for a
Preliminary Engineering Report (PER) for the Village of Woodlawn.  The PER
report will be used to prepare a water line replacement project in the near
future for the Village.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Durbin, Duckworth Announce More Than $4 Million In Federal Funding
For Rural Community Development In Southern Illinois

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Dick Durbin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL) and Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) today announced
$4,198,600 in federal funding for projects in Clay, Crawford, Edgar, Marion,
Moultrie, Richland, and Pulaski Counties to support rural community development
projects. Today's funding, provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Community Development Initiative Grant, will provide assistance to benefit
public safety, water infrastructure, local VFWs, mental health facilities, and
more.





 "This federal funding will help boost communities in southern Illinois, serving
to improve drinking water infrastructure, police vehicles and public safety,
mental health services, and much more," said Durbin. "I will continue working
with Senator Duckworth to ensure that our state's rural communities have access
to the critical federal investments that drive economic growth."



 "Illinois communities deserve the resources they need to effectively serve
hardworking families across our state. These investments in public safety,
mental health facilities and clean water supplies will go a long way towards
strengthening local economies, and I look forward to working closely with
Senator Durbin to secure more investments like these to support our rural
communities," Duckworth said.



 Under this announcement, the following projects will receive USDA funding:



 ·         City of Flora (Clay County): $21,100 grant to refurbish two of the
current sirens and replace the three sirens that are no longer working on the
north and east sides with two new sirens that will be located in the center of
town and on the east side of town by the airport.  The project also includes the
equipment and software needed to remotely run the sirens.  The new software also
enables the sirens to be used as a public announcement system.  The two new
sirens cover more area than the three that they will be replacing.

 ·         Clark-Edgar Rural Water District (Edgar County): $95,000 loan to fund
a cost overrun that has occurred due to a lapse in time due to the receipt of
CDAP grant funds. The project will construct approximately 122 linear feet of 3
and 4 inch water main and appurtenances to serve approximately 42 new customers
in Johnson Township (South) in Clark County.  This project will alleviate a
health hazard that exists with high levels of nitrate and bacterial
contamination.

 ·         Moultrie Independent Telephone Company (MITCO) (Moultrie County):
$4,000,000 loan to make system improvements, in the form of
Fiber-to-the-Premises (FTTP) additions, in their single exchange of Lovington.
In addition, MITCO will also install new associated electronics.

 ·         Pulaski County Memorial Post No. 8891 Veterans of Foreign Wars of the
US Inc. (Pulaski County): $17,300 grant to repair and renovate an existing VFW
building.  The project consists of the installation of a new roof, repairs to
ceiling tiles, installation of three new doors, painting and new lighting.

 ·         Southeastern Illinois Counseling Center (Richland County): $20,400
grant to replace the roof on Southeastern Illinois Counseling Center's facility
located on Micah Drive in Olney, Illinois. The entity provides social services
including mental health and alcohol and drug abuse counseling, rehabilitation
services to developmentally disabled individuals and psychological services to
residents in the rural areas of Southeastern Illinois.

 ·         Village of Odin (Marion County): $20,000 grant to purchase a police
vehicle for the Village of Odin.  The police vehicle will include new lights and
radio equipment.

 ·         Village of Oblong (Crawford County): $17,300 grant to purchase a 2016
AWD Utility Police Inceptor vehicle. This vehicle will replace the 2011 Dodge
Charger that has high mileage and needs costly repairs.

 ·         Village of Woodlawn (Jefferson County): $7,500 grant for a
Preliminary Engineering Report (PER) for the Village of Woodlawn.  The PER
report will be used to prepare a water line replacement project in the near
future for the Village.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

In brief

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 521 words


Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma&nbsp;awards grantsTULSA - Blue Cross and
Blue Shield of Oklahoma announced that it has awarded grants to 11 organizations
across the state, through its Healthy Kids, Healthy Families initiative.The
initiative&nbsp;is part of a commitment to invest in and partner with
nonprofit&nbsp;organizations that offer sustainable, measurable programs to
reach children and their families in four key areas: nutrition, physical
activity, preventing and managing disease, and supporting safe environments.
Grants were awarded to:â?¢Latino Community Development Agency's Familias
Saludables (Healthy Families) program to provide families with tools and skills
to improve their health through nutrition, physical activity and preventive
health measures.â?¢Mental Health Association of Oklahoma's expansion in Oklahoma
City to provide housing assistance for individuals struggling with mental health
issues and to support overall state programming.â?

¢Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma's School Pantry System and Clinical
Based Food Pantry System Pilot, which brings food assistance to older students
similar to the Backpack for Kids program, as well as to launch pilot programs
with health clinics to treat nutrition as a key element in disease
management.â?¢Oklahoma Caring Foundation's efforts to bring additional dental
health resources and services to the state through four partner Caring Van
programs serving rural Oklahoma.â?¢Community Health Centers Inc.'s Diabetes
Action Project that works with clients in rural Oklahoma County to encourage
testing and healthy behaviors that prevent the escalation and complications
associated withdiabetes.Other grantees include:â?¢CATCH Global Foundation
-&nbsp;Western Oklahoma CATCH Coordinated School Health Initiative.â?¢Emergency
Infant Services - Food and Formula Project.â?¢Girls on the Run of Southern
Oklahoma Inc. - Operational Support.â?¢Oklahoma Department of Health
-&nbsp;FITNESSGRAM for Oklahoma Public Schools.â?¢University of Oklahoma
Foundation -&nbsp;Wavelengths: Transition Program for Young Adults With
Diabetes.Norman center plans forum onsexual assaultNORMAN - The Women's Resource
Center in Norman will host a community forum at 6 p.m.&nbsp;Thursday in the
auditorium at Norman Regional Hospital's Education Center, 901 N Porter Ave. The
public is invited to attend and participate in a conversation about sexual
assault in the community.The center&nbsp;was approached this month by members of
the community with questions about the number of sexual assaults in Norman and
what is being done about them, according to a news release.&nbsp;The Women's
Resource Center hopes to bring together community partners that respond to
sexual assaults as well as present a panel of experts who&nbsp;will be available
to answer questions from the public. Presenters will include representatives
from Norman Police Department, Norman Public Schools, University of
Oklahoma&nbsp;Gender and Equality Center, Yes All Daughters and staff from the
Women's Resource Center&nbsp;Rape Crisis Center.For more information, call
364-9424.From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Federal grant to benefit Española arts, agricultural center

BYLINE: Bruce Krasnow, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


Sept. 26--A vision for a new community center that brings together rural
agriculture, fresh food and healthy living received a big boost Friday from the
U.S. Department of Commerce, which awarded $1.4 million to a group hoping to
open an arts and food hub in downtown Española.

Planning for the Hunter Arts & Agricultural Center goes back to 2012. The start
of construction is still pending environmental cleanup at the 2-acre site that
formerly housed the old Hunter Ford at the intersection of Espanola's two main
highways -- U.S. 84 and 285.

But Todd Lopez, executive director of Siete del Norte Community Development
Corp., said the federal grant will help the project move forward.

The application advanced with the support of Chicanos Por La Causa, a nonprofit
community development corporation in Phoenix that provides technical assistance
to Hispanic communities.

"This is not an overnight effort. These things take time, and we have strong
partners," said Lopez, who added that both the city of Española and Rio Arriba
County have helped secure state capital outlay funds for the initiative. "This
will help us with momentum, it will help us with attention, it will help us gain
the confidence of other partners."

The project award comes under the U.S. Department of Commerce Department's
Economic Development Administration program.

"The Obama Administration is committed to helping communities bolster their
local industries to further their economic development plans," U.S. Commerce
Secretary Penny Pritzker said in a statement. "The EDA investment announced
today will enable the Española community to develop its agricultural and arts
industries."

The money will help fund the renovation and redevelopment of a two-building
complex, including structural repairs and improvements to bring the facilities
up to code.

"This will help increase access to secondary markets and offer affordable
healthy foods and vegetables for Northern New Mexico families," the Commerce
Department said in its statement.

"In our rural communities, we still have a wealth of land and water resources,
we still have historical knowledge with regards to local agriculture," Lopez
said. But what Northern New Mexico lacks is the infrastructure for farmers to
bring their products to market, he said.

Small farmers in Northern New Mexico do not have the volume of products to enter
wholesale markets. The centralized warehouse would allow small-scale producers
to pool resources. It also would offer processing machines, as well as bagging
and labeling of fruits and vegetables so they can be sold directly to consumers.

Plans include space for a grocery store, a business incubator, an urban farm and
rehearsal space for arts organizations, as well as a pavilion-like farmers
market.

But the group still needs more money to move ahead with construction and a clean
bill of health from the New Mexico Environment Department and the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, which is assessing the site for contamination.
Former uses included not just the car dealership but a dry-cleaning shop.

"Remediation has to take place," Lopez said. "Construction activity is pending
that."

Contact Bruce Krasnow at 986-3034 or brucek@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150926-SF-Federal-grant
-to-benefit-Española-arts-agricultural-center-0926-20150926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 26, 2014

USDA seeks grant applications

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 160  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced United States Department of
Agriculture is seeking applications for grants to be awarded to organizations to
provide critical financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop and
strengthen their capacity to carry out housing, community facilities and
community and economic development projects.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Vilsack said. "These grants will provide both of these
components through local and regional organizations that are experts at
delivering such services."

Recipients must be nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the Rural Community Development Initiative
grant. More information about the program and how to apply is available on page
47427 of the Aug. 13 Federal Register.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Lassen County Times


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          December 19, 2007 Wednesday

Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma receives USDA rural development grant

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 51  words


The Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma has been awarded a $150,000 grant through the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Community Development Initiative Program.

The Cherokee Nation was among 38 organizations in 23 states to receive more than
$6.2 million in grants to support rural economic development efforts.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

USDA $96K Grant to Enable WIU IIRA's Peace Corps Fellows Program to Serve Small
Business Enterprises in Rural IL

LENGTH: 776 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Macomb: Western Illinois University has issued the following news release:



  A $96,000 grant recently awarded to Western Illinois University's Illinois
Institute for Rural Affairs (IIRA) will help small business in Illinois. The
grant, awarded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
(USDA-RD), will enable IIRA's Peace Corps Fellows (PCF) Program in Community
Development to provide technical assistance to small business enterprise
initiatives in participating Illinois rural communities.





 According to PCF Program Manager Karen Mauldin-Curtis, the USDA-RD funding,
through its Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program, will enable
returned Peace Corps volunteers, who are enrolled in WIU's PCF Program, to serve
in full-time graduate internships in rural communities. In the communities,
graduate students will lead and implement community and economic development
projects. Participating communities in 2015-16 include include: Strasburg,
Windsor, Findlay and Shelbyville in Shelby County; LaHarpe in Hancock County;
Hillsboro in Montgomery County; and the Savanna Historical Society and Lanark,
both in Carroll County.



 "Through these efforts, at least 45 small businesses will be assisted and 10
full-time equivalent jobs will be created or retained in participating rural
communities. The residents in Illinois rural communities realize small business
development is critical to improving their economic situations; however,
oftentimes, they do not have sufficient resources readily available to implement
effective initiatives. Our program places graduate interns in communities that
have demonstrated a need, devised a plan and are committed to moving forward
with their goals. We greatly appreciate the USDA-RD's support and investment in
the communities we serve," Mauldin-Curtis said.



 "The use of this funding is the perfect example of the federal government
helping meet needs identified by the residents in the communities and regions
themselves. Then, combine the educational component, and you have 'people
helping people who then help people.' It's not just a win, win--it's a win, win,
win," added USDA-RD Director for Illinois Colleen Callahan.



 Mauldin-Curtis noted Lanark is a great example of a rural community investing
in its future. She said the community participated in IIRA's MAPPING the Future
of Your Community program and has followed up with an internship for WIU Peace
Corps Fellow Lexie Woodward.



 "Lanark is experiencing an economic upturn with several new businesses opening
recently," noted Lanark Mayor John Huggins. "We wanted to make sure this trend
continues, but not at the expense of the existing businesses. We needed someone
with the knowledge and resources to provide both recruitment and retention.
Lexie has filled that role perfectly. We are grateful for the USDA-RD being one
of the sponsors. Our small town has a tight budget to work with, and we would
not have been able to afford to participate in the Peace Corps Fellows program
without the USDA-RD's help."



 Since 2010, with support from USDA-RD, WIU's Peace Corps Fellows have assisted
429 small businesses and helped create or retain 33 jobs in such participating
Illinois communities as Rushville, Neoga, Petersburg and Durand. In Durand, the
program was so successful, community officials created a position and hired
their Peace Corps Fellow intern, Matt Wolf, to manage their community and
economic development initiatives. Wolf is now the executive director for an
initiative called "Durand Charm."



 Because the application process to participate in the PCF Program is
competitive, those communities that have participated in IIRA's strategic
visioning and planning process, through MAPPING Program, are often better
prepared to host a Fellow, Mauldin-Curtis said.



 "The process mobilizes residents and lays the foundation for a Peace Corps
Fellow to assist with implementation of the community's action plan and build
local capacity to sustain efforts beyond the internship. The MAPPING Program
staff members serve as ongoing resources to Peace Corps Fellows and their host
communities, as well," she added.



 IIRA Director Chris Merrett noted the partnership among Western, the IIRA and
the USDA-RG is a substantial benefit for rural communities in Illinois.



 "It enables a state-based organization, such as the IIRA, to take funding from
far-away Washington, D.C., and deploy these funds in a meaningful way that takes
into consideration the needs and wishes of residents in local communities."







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

R15m project set to empower youth

BYLINE: Mbali Tanana

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 390 words


Skills development initiative is committed to opening doors for young villagers,
says MEC
 By
 HUNDREDS of young villagers from the Eastern Cape will benefit from a
R15-million project to acquire various skills.


 The project is in partnership with the department of rural development and
agrarian reform and the services sector education and training authority (Seta),
which has funded the programme.
 Earlier this year bursaries from the health and welfare Seta were received by
students from Tsolo Agriculture College.
 MEC Mlibo Qoboshiyane said the programme aimed to ensure equal access to
development opportunities.
 "Unemployment statistics for the Eastern Cape stand at 27.8% and 43.5%
[expanded rate including discouraged work-seekers].
 "The situation is worse still in the economically depressed rural regions," he
said.
 "The various programmes seek to improve the ability of young people to obtain
gainful employment, ownership of enterprises and assets that will provide the
economic basis for human development through learnerships and internships."
Qoboshiyane said his department welcomed the grant from Seta.
 "It will go a long way in developing youth from rural areas, particularly in
order to create a better life for those residing in rural villages as part of
our rural development." The training targets 131 unemployed young graduates
drafted into a 12-month internship programme placed in the department's supply
chain, finance and asset management divisions at the district offices and head
office in Bhisho.
 Meanwhile, a further 285 unemployed people will be recruited for learnership
programmes from Joe Gqabi, Chris Hani and Amathole district municipalities where
they will be trained in community development, with a focus on dipping services.

 About 85 will be trained in hygiene and cleaning services. "The intention of
this programme is to expose these unemployed graduates to real work environment
by developing their skills," said Qoboshiyane.
 About 115 youths participating in the dipping programme will obtain NQF level 5
qualifications in community development.
 & x00A0;Qoboshiyane said the hygiene and cleaning services learnership trainees
would be placed in various establishments within the hospitality industry in the
three district municipalities and obtain NQF level 2 qualifications. -
mbalit@dispatch. co.za

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2015 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

USDA grants available for community economic development

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 200 words


Bill Davis, USDA Rural Development acting state director, recently announced
that USDA is seeking applications for grants to boost rural economic development
through the Rural Community Development Initiative program.

"This funding increases economic opportunity in rural areas by building up the
capacity of the regional organizations that serve them," Davis said. "USDA
supports those organizations by providing grant funding to focus on rural
housing, community facilities and economic development projects."

Eligible applicants under the RCDI program include public or private
intermediaries, non-profit organizations and nationally recognized tribal
organizations. The grant funding may be used to provide training that focuses on
homeownership education and minority business entrepreneurship.

Funding may also provide technical assistance for strategic community planning,
creating training tools or accessing alternative funding sources. Grants range
from $50,000 to $250,000.

For more information on how to apply for a RCDI grant, contact the North Dakota
Rural Development office at 701-530-2037 or see page 27887 of the May 15 Federal
Register.

Applications must be submitted by August 13, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Grayson Journal-Enquirer (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Carter Leadership Academy, another CCCP success

BYLINE: Keith Kappes, Journal-Times, Carter County, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Dec. 09--With two successful classes already to its credit, the Carter County
Leadership Academy -- another promising initiative of the Carter County
Community Partners, Inc. -- is gearing up for its third annual workshop.

The academy has produced 19 graduates who have a better understanding of
community development and the personal skills required for successful leadership
in various organizations and agencies across the county.

The eight workshop sessions for 2016 will begin Jan. 29 for four hours each
month. The sessions go from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., including a snack and lunch.

Developing new generations of leaders was among the goals established by the
CCCP in 2013 as a result of a community-wide summit and 22 individual meetings
with various groups.

The focus of the CCCP from the outset, according to its president, Mark D.
Strother, was to develop a series of positive, achievable objectives for Carter
County.

The bank president says he is encouraged and excited about the recent approval
of CCCP's tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service, by the success of
the Carter County Community Fund in raising endowment funds for ongoing grants
to local non-profits and by significant progress with the group's initiatives in
the arts, tourism, recreation and workforce development.

"Good things are happening on several fronts and we want to continue this
momentum," Strother added.

Collier, who oversees the leadership academy as part of her duties as CCCP
coordinator, is anxious to enroll another strong class.

"We invite nominations by employers, co-workers and individuals for the new
class starting next month," she said. "We know that the Brushy Fork Institute
leadership curriculum works especially well in rural communities like ours."

All sessions of the leadership academy will be held at the Carter County
Extension Services Center at 94 Fairgrounds Lane at Grayson.

Session topics will include leadership and community development, community
projects, leadership styles and preferences, effective meetings and
facilitation, understanding our local economy, dealing with differences,
managing conflict and concluding with graduation and project presentations.

Collier noted that each session will be facilitated by a graduate of one of the
first two classes.

A fee of $125 covers curriculum and classroom materials with a few scholarships
available. Class size is limited to the first 15 applicants.

For a registration application, contact Collier at 316-1396 or via e-mail at
cartercountycommunitypartners@gmail.com

For more information about CCCP, contact Collier or Strother or any of these
board members -- including Ken Beck, Pat Collier, Dan Click, Mindy Click,
Deborah Combs, Betsy Fannin, Whitney Morrow, Cory Claxon, and Deanna Jessie.

Keith Kappes can be reached at kkappes@journal-times.com or by telephone at
800-247-6142.

___ (c)2015 the Journal-Times, Carter County, Ky. Visit the Journal-Times,
Carter County, Ky. at www.journal-times.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151209-GZ-Carter-Leadership-Academy-another-CCCP-success-1209-20151209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GZ


                    Copyright 2015 Grayson Journal-Enquirer


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State University in Claremore establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 3, 2008 Monday

Rogers State University in Oklahoma establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Glen Innes Examiner

                                  May 13, 2015

What is in the budget for Glen Innes

BYLINE: Craig Thomson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 516  words


What is in the budget for Glen Innes

By Craig Thomson

Glen Innes should benefit from Federal Government initiatives announced in
Tuesday night's budget that boost infrastructure spending in rural areas.

The Government will implement its National Stronger Regions' initiative which
will provide funding of $1 billion over 5 years, to fund priority infrastructure
in regional communities.

Grants of between $20,000 and $10 million are available to local governments and
incorporated not for profit organisations.

Minister for Agriculture and Member for New England Barnaby Joyce said councils
and community groups will be able to apply for grants for community
infrastructure.

'We have got delivery for the National Stronger Regions' fund with announcements
of projects for Armidale and Glen Innes,' he said.

'There will be an upgrade of the Youth Accommodation and Support Centre at
Armidale and Glen Innes with a Federal Government contribution of $500,000.

'We will also under the Community Development Grants Programme, allocate
$500,000 for the Kolora Aged Care Facility.'

It was also announced in the budget that from July 2017, farmers will be able to
claim an immediate, total deduction for any spending on fencing and water
infrastructure.

'Sheds and silos can be written off over three years and fencing can be written
off over one year,' Mr Joyce said.

'We have also made changes to depreciation for farm capital investments and this
will be a great stimulus.

'For example, if a local farmer wants to buy a new quad bike and it is under
$20,000, from 7.30 Tuesday night that investment is fully tax deductable.'

But Shadow Minister for Rural Affairs Joel Fitzgibbon said that any assistance
given to the New England electorate has to be taken within the context of harsh
cuts.

'Any assistance given to Mr Joyce's electorate is dwarfed by $14.8 million
dollars in cuts to Local Government assistance grants for councils over the next
4 years,' he said.

The Federal Government has also tried to generate some savings by being tough on
stay at home parents.

As part of the Government's plan to get mothers into work, some stay at home
parents will lose access to childcare rebates, with those families whose income
is above $65,000 per year no longer eligible for any childcare assistance.

Mr Fitzgibbon said that the Government's childcare measures are not without
merit.

'But the problem is they are being paid for by cuts to the family tax benefit,
paid parental leave and by denying people who have made the legitimate and
understandable decision to remain at home and look after their children,' he
said.

University of New England Business School Professor John Rice said the budget
was aimed at the Liberal National party's core constituency to shore up support
for an election.

'I think the Government are thinking about the next election and in that context
this budget makes a lot of sense,' he said.

'In their first budget there were some things that caused the government to pay
a bit of a political price, this budget is steadying the ship with measures that
will help some people rather than hurt them.'

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Washington: Menendez Applauds Budget Provisions to Jumpstart NJ Economy, Improve
Infrastructure, Create Good Jobs

LENGTH: 855  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Bob Menendez has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Bob Menendez today applauded provisions included in the year-end
federal budget that help grow New Jersey's economy, allow for critical
infrastructure improvements, and spur job creation.





  "This funding agreement will create new jobs and put New Jerseyans to work by
strengthening our communities, upgrading our infrastructure, and investing in
underserved and distressed neighborhoods," said Sen. Menendez. "Our state and
economy are stronger when we expand research and development, support private
investment, and incentivize local revitalization projects."



  The omnibus legislation being voted on by Congress this week includes the
following provisions:



      Army Corps Projects - Provides $30 million for Army Corps projects in New
Jersey, including $500,000 for Rahway River Basin Study, $982,000 for Passaic
River Main Stem Re-evaluation and $7.5 million for Green Brook Sub-Basin
(construction).



     Community Development Block Grants (CDBG) - Provides $3 billion for the
CDBG program. The CDBG program provides annual grants to states and local
communities to develop viable urban communities by offering decent housing and a
suitable living environment, and by expanding economic opportunities,
principally for low- and moderate-income persons.



      Choice Neighborhoods Initiative - Provides $125 million for the Choice
Neighborhood Initiative, which is a $45 million increase from last year. The
Choice Neighborhoods Initiative supports locally-driven strategies to address
struggling neighborhoods with distressed public or assisted housing through a
comprehensive approach to neighborhood transformation. The program is designed
to catalyze critical improvements in neighborhood assets, including vacant
property, housing, services, and schools.



     Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Fund - Provides $233.5
million for community development in economically distressed urban and rural
areas by investing in mission-driven CDFIs.  The CDFI Fund administers a range
of innovative programs designed to strengthen the ability of CDFIs to provide
financial products and services in underserved communities. Additionally, the
CDFI Bond Guarantee program is extended next year and will have up to $750
million in bonding authority in order to provide access to long term, low cost
capital that can be used for economic growth in economically disadvantaged
areas.



     Disaster Assistance - Provides $300 million in disaster relief to help
rebuild communities devastated by floods in 2015.  This level of funding is
expected to assist approximately 4,000 households composed of homeowners with
flood damage and no flood insurance, and very low- to extremely low-income
renters with flood damage.



     HOME Investment Partnerships Program - Provides $950 million, which is a
$50 million increase from last year.  The HOME program helps states and local
governments increase housing affordability through the building, buying, or
rehabilitation of affordable housing.  This funding level will result in the
production of more than 35,000 affordable housing units in 2016.



     Teterboro Airport - Prevents larger planes from flying into Teterboro
Airport, which will improve the quality-of-life for area residents who have been
disturbed by increased noise pollution.



     New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) Program - Keeps the New Market Tax Credit in
place for five more years. This federal credit helps increase the flow of
capital to businesses and low income communities by providing tax incentives to
private investors.



     Research and Development Tax Extenders - Permanently extends and expands
the Research and Development Tax Credit which gives certainty to businesses and
provides $113 billion in tax relief to over ten years to incentivize innovation
in New Jersey and around the country.



     Amtrak - Provides $1.39 billion for Amtrak, which is chosen by
seventy-eight percent of passengers traveling between New York and Washington,
D.C. over air travel.



     Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) Grants -
Provides $500 million for TIGER grants, which go to our nation's infrastructure
projects that make communities more livable and sustainable.



     New Starts Transit - Provides $2.2 billion for transit New Starts, which is
above current funding levels. The New Starts program provides funding for
designing and building new transit lines or extensions of existing lines.



     Airport Improvement Grants - Provides $3.35 billion for the Airport
Improvement Grant program, which distributes grants to airports across the
state, such as Newark, Teterboro Airport, and Atlantic City International
Airport, for critically-needed infrastructure projects to enhance capacity and
reduce congestion, as well as to improve safety and reduce aircraft noise and
emissions. These airport projects also support thousands of contractor jobs in
the state.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             July 11, 2015 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

LOCAL TRAIL PROGRAM GETS FEDERAL FUNDING

BYLINE: Larry Walsh

SECTION: SPORTS; BIKING; Pg. E-4

LENGTH: 623 words


The Trail Town Program has received a $140,000 federal grant to help 19
municipalities connect with the growing number of trail users during the next
two years.

The program, an initiative of The Progress Fund in Greensburg, is designed to
create an atmosphere where businesses and tourism can flourish by providing
ongoing technical assistance in six areas: Business assistance and development,
marketing, economic research, community connections, real estate development and
small business loans.

The trails and their respective communities are Great Allegheny Passage -
Homestead, West Homestead, McKeesport, Boston (Elizabeth Township), West Newton,
Connellsville, Ohiopyle, Confluence, Rockwood and Meyersdale; Erie to Pittsburgh
Trail - Titusville, Oil City, Emlenton and Foxburg; and Sheepskin Trail - Dunbar
and Point Marion.

Program Manager Will Prince said the Trail Town Program also has been
established on the South Side of Pittsburgh and in Frostburg and Cumberland, Md.

David Kahley, president and CEO of The Progress Fund, said the grant will allow
for the opening of new businesses, expansion of current businesses, renovation
of properties for new business opportunities and annual Trail Town Summits.

The grant was awarded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Community
Development Initiative.

Prince said the Trail Town Program works with communities, businesses and local,
regional and national organizations "so that trail development is matched
side-by-side with economic development [that encourages] business growth."

He said the 19 communities have taken the first step by completing their Trail
Town assessments. The ultimate goal of the program is to establish corridors of
revitalized communities.

Sharon K. Ackerman, a board member of the Meyersdale Merchants Association, said
in a news release that the municipality, a major trail town along the Great
Allegheny Passage in southern Somerset County, "has come together to accomplish
many large and small projects."

They include everything from the renovation of the Western Maryland Railway
station that overlooks the town and now serves as a visitors and information
center to a variety of exterior and interior improvements to stores and
restaurants throughout the town.

Ronnie Beith, events coordinator for Franklin in Venango County, a trail town
along the Erie to Pittsburgh Trail, said the community "has been striving to be
more bicycle friendly for years."

Beith said the Trail Town Program has helped Franklin "to refocus and refine
[its] efforts."

"[There has been] an increase in traffic from the trail head to our downtown,
and we look forward to welcoming more new visitors as we continue to increase
accessibility for cyclists."

Travel and tourism, Pennsylvania's second largest industry, provides 470,953
jobs.

Information: www.trailtowns.org; 724-216-9160, Ext. 318.

Five card draw

The 15th annual Five Star Trail Poker Run, which features a 12-mile bike ride
and a 4-mile walk, will be July 18 at Lynch Field in Greensburg.

Participants will draw one card from a deck of playing cards at each of five
checkpoints along the trail. The top three poker hands will receive a trophy and
a special prize package. Westmoreland County Parks and Recreation emphasized the
event is a ride/walk, not a race.

A Norco bicycle donated by the Bicycle Shop in Youngwood will be raffled off
after the event. There will be snacks and beverages for sale, a 50/50 drawing
and more.

Registration begins at 8 a.m.; the ride/walk starts at 9 a.m. The entry fee is
$15 for those who register before Monday; $20 on July 18. All proceeds will
benefit the Five Star Trail Chapter and the Westmoreland Heritage Trail Chapter.

Information: www.co.westmoreland.pa.us/parks; 724-830-3950.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Larry Walsh writes about recreational bicycling for the Post-Gazette.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

New rural foundation leader returns to his roots

BYLINE: SHANNON PRATHER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: Fresh off a federal government post, S.D. native will lead Little
Falls-based development group.


Matt Varilek remembers the first time he realized his family was struggling to
make ends meet.

Free and reduced lunch tickets at his elementary school in rural South Dakota
were a different color than the full-priced ones, and Varilek was holding the
ticket used by the poor kids.

"It was a source of embarrassment in those days. I recalled telling my mom, 'I
know what this means. I need you to buy the regular priced one,' " Varilek said.

Varilek, the new president and CEO of the Little Falls-based Initiative
Foundation, said he's now grateful for those programs, which helped him and
other small-town kids succeed. He said he won't forget that childhood view from
the lunch line as he leads the foundation focused on rural economic and
community development.

"Those helping hands made it possible to do something that otherwise would have
been closed off to me," said Varilek, who relied on scholarships and loans to
earn a bachelor's degree from Carleton College and two masters degrees.

Before moving to Minnesota in December, Varilek was chief operating officer at
the U.S. Small Business Administration, a position appointed by President Obama.
Varilek also worked as an economic development director for two U.S. senators
from South Dakota. He ran as a Democrat for South Dakota's only congressional
seat in 2012, losing to the incumbent Republican Rep. Kristi Noem.

The foundation is nonpartisan, but Varilek said his time in politics gave him
the opportunity to tour rural communities, listen to residents' concerns and
advocate for resources.

"He's got the high emotional intelligence we need and he's got the passion to
drive us," said Larry Korf, chairman of the foundation's board of trustees.

Community members established the Initiative Foundation, covering 14 central
Minnesota counties and the St. Cloud area, in 1986 as rural America struggled
with declines in farming and mining, high unemployment and a shifting economy.
It is one of six

such foundations in the state that received seed money and support from the
McKnight Foundation.

It serves as a gap lender helping businesses and entrepreneurs create jobs and
diversify the economy. The foundation also awards grants to nonprofits and
schools, runs early childhood education programs and funds and provides
technical assistance for job skills training. It has $63 million in assets.

Since its inception, it has awarded $81 million in grants and loans, created
13,000 jobs and leveraged $200 million in private business investment, said
retiring President Kathy Gaalswyk, who has led the foundation from the beginning
and praised Varilek's hiring.

Varilek and his wife, Maggie, wanted to move back to a small town in the
Midwest, preferably Minnesota, to raise their family. They have three children,
including a daughter named after novelist Willa Cather, who wrote about rural
life on the Great Plains.

"It's a great part of his story," Gaalswyk said. "To have someone that has rural
roots and making a conscious decision to move back to raise their family is
really important and directly linked to the mission of what we do."

Shannon Prather · 612-673-4804

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

US TO AWARD A GRANT $ 40,000 TO RCDC: CROCKER

LENGTH: 358 words


GWADAR: United States Ambassador to Pakistan, Ryan C. Crocker signed an
agreement on Friday to award a grant of U.S. $ 40,000 to Rural Community
Development Council (RCDC), Gwadar to run the English ACCESS Micro-scholarship
Program, at Gwadar Grammar School for the next two years. The goal of the
program is to prepare bright students in both written and spoken English, so
that they can more easily integrate into the global marketplace and have access
to the world.

Addressing the students and teachers, the U.S. Ambassador Ryan C. Crocker noted
that the "program will not only enhance English language abilities of the
participants on a personal level, it will also enable them to participate more
successfully in the job market which values communication skills." Ambassador
Crocker also noted that, "the ACCESS Micro-scholarship will open the door for
these students to participate in many American educational and cultural programs
such as Fulbright scholarship program. " I wish RCDC success in carrying out
this important project," he added.

Gwadar English Access Micro-scholarship Program is aimed to provide
opportunities to underprivileged students to learn English through a two-year
program. Local NGO Rural Community Development Council (RCDC) at Gwadar Grammar
School under a $ 40,000 US Grant will implement the program. Under the program
40 students aging 13-18 with a gender ratio of 1:1 will be selected from
government schools and/or community managed fellowship schools to benefit from
this program.

The program is designed to facilitate the students in their academic and career
development through integrated teaching-learning methodologies with use of
technology, i.e. computers and multimedia, and access to print material and
knowledge resources. The English ACCESS Micro scholarship Program is a U.S.
State Department initiative for non-elite youth in over 40 countries around the
world. The first Access program in Pakistan was started in 2004 in Lahore and in
2005 in Karachi and Peshawar. After the success of this program, it has been
renewed in Lahore with new projects started in Rawalpindi, Multan, and now in
Gwadar.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: International Relations; Community/Civic Groups

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                        Copyright 2006 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

LENGTH: 387  words


CLAREMORE - Rogers State University has established a new center to help
entrepreneurs and agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast
Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               ASSOCHAM Bulletin

                               September 28, 2016

GMRVF: Committed to Social Work without a Pause

LENGTH: 1151  words


Social responsibility is an indispensable ingredient for showcasing a positive
image of any corporate. GMR Varalakshmi Foundation has always been in the
forefront in accomplishing the goals and responsibilities towards society. The
Foundation strives to provide relief to the deprived sections of society in
every walk of life. The group started its CSR activities in 1991 and it grew up
and emerged as one of the leading corporate groups in upholding its
responsibility towards society. GMR with its diversified development goals in
Aviation, Urban Infrastructure, Highways and Energy has a special responsibility
towards social development, and the Group has formed a separate institution
called GMR Varalakshmi Foundation (GMRVF) for undertaking CSR activities in a
significant way.



The Foundation is registered as a Section-25 company and is governed by a Board
of Directors comprising eminent personalities in different fields. It has its
own professional staff drawn from top academic institutions who are dedicated to
the cause of community development. Social Responsibility is one of the seven
core values of GMR Group and employees are expected to live up to the goals. The
Vision of CSR activities is to make a sustainable impact on the human
development of under-served communities through initiatives in Education, Health
and Livelihoods.

GMRVF works with communities neighboring the Group's businesses for their
Economic and social development thus making them to grow along with the
business. Currently, the Foundation is working in about 200 villages/urban
communities across 25 locations including two in Nepal. It works mainly in four
thrust areas=Education: Health, Hygiene and Sanitation; Empowerment and
Livelihoods; and Community Development.

Under the area of Education, GMRVF is running an Engineering, Degree,
Polytechnic and Community colleges in AP apart from several schools. 20% of the
seats in all the schools are provided to the children from poor communities at
free of cost. Over 260children have been sponsored to these schools under the
Gifted Children scheme and their complete educational expenses are borne by the
Foundation. The Foundation also supports the education of poor students by
facilitating Scholarships and Educational loans. About 4000 students have
received this support.

GMRVF also focuses on improving the infrastructure facilities and quality of
education at Government schools and preschools, apart from running its own Bala
Badis (pre-schools for children of 3-5 year age group). Three hundred and fifty
Govt. schools are supported by the Foundation reaching out to 35000 children.
Foundation is also managing and supporting 180 Balwadis and Anganwadis across
the country benefiting 3000 preschool age children.

In the area of health, GMRVF is providing health and emergency services to the
under-served communities by running 28 medical clinics, 2 ambulances and 4
Mobile Medicare Units. The medical clinics of the Foundation are serving about
5000 patients per month. A 135-bed multispecialty hospital has been established
in Srikakulam, one of the poorest districts of Andhra Pradesh, to serve the
communities in this area by offering world class treatment at affordable prices.
The Foundation has also constructed 24 public toilets in both rural and urban
locations to improve sanitation facilities which are used by about 30000people
per month. Several school toilets have been constructed/renovated apart from
supporting about 700 families for the construction of Individual Sanitary
Lavatories. Many awareness programs are organized by the Foundation on health
and hygiene related issues which have shown lot of impact on the health status
of the communities.

Enhancing the livelihoods of communities is another area of GMRVF's focus and to
achieve this, GMRVF runs 11 vocational training centers in different locations
through which about 5500 youth are trained every year in different market
relevant skills. More than 80% of these trainees are settled in wage or
self-employment. It also works towards women empowerment by promoting and
strengthening Women Self Help Groups. About 300groups are formed so far with
more than 3500members and are receiving thrift, credit, capacity building and
market support from the Foundation. The products made by women's groups are
marketed through shops at Delhi and Hyderabad Airports, office sales,
exhibitions and through online stores etc. Further, Foundation supported over
1500 rural families for farm and nonfarm activities to supplement their
families' incomes.

Further, the community development initiatives of the Foundation focus at
establishing village libraries, promoting youth and children's clubs and also on
generating awareness among communities on lot of social and environmental
issues. Each one of the 70village libraries established by the Foundation
receives about 20-30 users per day and the 100 youth and children's clubs
promoted by the Foundation have about 1500members.

It is not only the Foundation, but the corporate employees of GMR Group are
encouraged and provided with opportunities to participate in various community
development activities. They allocate time, skills and money to community
causes. The employees at GMR Group are involved in various social development
initiatives by way of participating in the events/activities organized by GMRVF.
Taking up Social Volunteering Projects (SVP) of 3 months duration is yet another
way through which employees engage in community development initiatives. SVP is
an innovative opportunity created by GMRVF for the employees to take up any
social project of their choice through which about 50projects were completed so
far by 550 employees benefiting over 10000 community members.

Apart from implementing community development initiatives through GMRVF, the
Chairman of GMR Group generously provides grant support to many development and
philanthropic organizations for specific initiatives in community development.
Since the beginning GMRVF is committed to make a positive difference in the
lives of communities with whom it is working by initiating innovative models of
development.

The commitment and efforts are well recognized across the country and Foundation
got several prestigious awards as follows.

* Viswakarma Award from Construction Industry Development Council 2016

* PHD Chamber of Commerce Award for Corporate Social Responsibility 2015

* FICCI CSR Award 2013

* ASSOCHAM CSR Award 2012

* Apeejay India Regional Volunteer Award, 2011 for employee social volunteering

* CNBC: TV 18 India Business Leader Award, 2010 for Corporate Social
Responsibility

* Help Age India Silver Plate Award, 2009 for CSR works with elderly

* TERI Corporate Award for Social Responsibility 2009 (First Prize)

* International Orbis Award for Corporate Social Responsibility in Aviation
Sector, 2008 to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport, Hyderabad.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


              Copyright 2016 ASSOCHAM, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 13, 2007 Sunday

Park contest posters on display

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 497 words


WASHINGTON - Housing and Urban Development has awarded $11,233,493 to four
Indian reservations in North Dakota. The grants awarded were part of the Indian
Housing Block Grant program.

The reservations receiving funding are:

3 Fort Berthold, $3,461,164

3 Spirit Lake, $2,163,044

3 Trenton, $903,091

3 Standing Rock, $4,706,194

The funds can be used for a variety of affordable housing activities, including
operating assistance, new construction, modernization, housing management and
crime prevention.

The grant was announced by the state's congressional delegation.

WASHINGTON -- The Housing and Urban Development agency has awarded $3,870,276 to
North Dakota and the city of Fargo.

The grants awarded were the American Dream Downpayment Initiative, the Emergency
Shelter Grant and the HOME award.

The North Dakota State Program will receive $63,695 in ADDI funding, $275,512 in
ESG funding and $3 million in HOME funding. Fargo was awarded $531,069 in HOME
funding.

The congressional delegation announced the grant.

USDA Rural Development announced the award of an Intermediary Re-lending Program
loan for $750,000 to the Lewis & Clark Regional Development Council, located in
Bismarck.

The funds will help support local economic development agencies, finance
infrastructure improvements, establish low-interest revolving loan funds and
help jurisdictions implement regional business and community development plans

The funds are being provided through the USDA Rural Development Intermediary
Re-lending Program to intermediaries, such as community development or regional
planning groups, which then re-lend the funds to local businesses. The loans
must be used to start or expand businesses, and create or retain jobs.

The Lewis & Clark Regional Development Council will provide a local revolving
loan fund to public and non-profit organizations within the city of Mandan and
surrounding area in a 10-mile radius in Morton County. The revolving fund is
expected to save and create, initially, 100 jobs.

The North Dakota Dispatch Center recently relocated to Bismarck and will host an
open house at 2 p.m. Wednesday.

NDDC is an interagency dispatch center serving the North Dakota Forest Service,
Bureau of Indian Affairs, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Land
Management, U.S. Forest Service and National Park Service.

This center for fire activity in North Dakota coordinates firefighting resources
for federal lands and fires that exceed local capabilities.

The dispatch center is at 3425 Miriam Ave., Bismarck.

National Park Week poster contest entries will be on display through May 19 at
Knife River Indian Villages Historic Site.

Participants created posters using this year's theme, "National Parks: Explore,
Learn and Protect," and represented entries are from Centennial Elementary and
Grimsrud Elementary in Bismarck. Stanton Elementary also took part.

Knife River Indian Villages is located one-half mile north of Stanton, on County
Road 37. For more information, call 701-745-3300.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Chefs to help serve fresh foods to students

BYLINE: Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Feb. 03--Grayson County Schools has been selected as one of only eight districts
statewide to receive face-to-face instruction from a professional chef to help
serve fresh local foods to their students.

The initiative is through two pilot projects led by the Kentucky Department of
Agriculture's Farm to School Program in partnership with the Community Farm
Alliance and the National Farm to School Network.

Chef Chris Byrd will be in the district Monday through Thursday during the
entire month of March. Byrd is a graduate of Sullivan University and has
formerly worked as a chef in the prison system.

A variety of programs for all schools are already taking shape.

Food Services Director Kristy Hodges noted that the timing of Byrd's visit "will
go perfectly with National Nutrition Month."

Under the Chefs in Schools Collaborative, chefs will educate school food service
personnel about incorporating fresh local foods in their menus, knife skills and
proper handling of fresh local foods, taste testing with students, introducing
local farmers to students to help them understand where their food comes from,
recipe and menu development, and supporting local growers as part of rural
economic development.

"School food service workers want to serve healthy, delicious meals to Kentucky
children, and these projects will help them do that," Commissioner of
Agriculture Ryan Quarles said. "These investments will help the next generation
of Kentuckians grow up healthy and strong, and they also will teach them to
value farmers and local food systems as a way of life."

The National Farm to School Network will use funding from Seed Change, an
18-month, $1.5 million project funded by The Walmart Foundation, to support the
Chefs in Schools Collaborative. Districts in addition to Grayson County include
Boyle, Clark, and Oldham counties. Kentucky was one of three states--along with
Louisiana and Pennsylvania--that were awarded grants from Seed Change.

The Community Farm Alliance will use $15,000 from the Central Appalachian
Network to conduct the Chefs in Schools Collaborative in Harlan, Martin, Morgan,
and Pike counties. The Central Appalachian Network funding was part of a
$250,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Housing Service,
Rural Community Development Initiative.

___ (c)2016 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160203-SY-Chefs-to-help-serve-fresh-foods-to-students-0203-20160203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2016 Grayson County News Gazette


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            October 17, 2008 Friday

Business Digest

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 357 words


Agriculture

Development grants go to 3 Utah organizations

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has given Rural Community Development
Initiative grants to three Utah organizations.

The San Juan County Economic Development Office will get $105,700 to help the
Four Corners School of Outdoor Education train its board and staff.

Walrus Woodworking of Oakley will receive $14,425 to help farmers, ranchers and
rural small businesses develop renewable energy systems and make their
operations more energy efficient.

A $50,000 grant will go to Tooele County to start a business resource center.

For more information on the program, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/ut.

- Dawn House

Ethnic business

Conference on improving firms set for Thursday

A conference to provide ethnic business people with information about starting
or improving companies will be held Thursday in West Valley City.

Hosted by the state Office of Ethnic Affairs, the conference will be held from 8
a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Utah Cultural Celebration Center, 1355 W. 3100 South.

The conference will offer workshops on business concepts and the "green energy"
industry. A social function will feature leaders from industry, government and
higher education familiar with business trends in Utah.

Cost is $25 for a general admission ticket, $20 for Salt Lake Chamber members
and $10 for students.

To register, visit www.ethnicoffice.utah.gov or call 801-538-8758.

- Paul Beebe

Westminster

Tech management will be subject of information event

Westminster College is inviting prospective graduate students to an information
session on its MBA program in technology management.

The event is from 5:45 to 7 p.m. Thursday in the Bill and Vieve Gore School of
Business, 1840 S. 1300 East, in Salt Lake City.

Prospective graduate students will gain a broad understanding of how scientists,
technologists and engineers work through business fundamentals to drive
technology in business.

Additional information is available at www.westminstercollege
.edu/graduateopenhouse.

- Dawn House

Online

For up-to-the-minute online stocks listings, go to the stocks page listed under
Business at www.sltrib.com and enter a ticker symbol.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                March 06, 2000 Monday, BLACKSTONE VALLEY EDITION

Making strides;
 Millbury warrant seeks $25K

BYLINE: Chris Sinacola; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 668 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY



- For three years, members of the Millbury Improvement Initiative have planned,
studied, dreamed, and planned some more.

Now, they say, it's time for action.

I think, probably, we've come to the point where we've just about planned as
much as you can possibly plan,'' said Ann E. Thurlow, president of the
initiative that will hold its third annual meeting at 7 tonight at the Millbury
Senior Center, 1 River Street.

We've done the studies we need to do,'' she said.  I think the initiative now
has to shift its focus from the planning to raising funds and implementing the
things that have to be done. That will be our focus for the next couple of
years.''

To that end, the initiative is sponsoring a warrant article on the May 2 annual
town meeting warrant that asks taxpayers to match up to $25,000 that the group
might raise from any and all private donations, and state or federal loans. The
group will only ask taxpayers to match whatever it is able to raise, and no more
than $25,000.

Since its founding in 1998, the initiative, which is a nonprofit community
development corporation, has gathered 150 members, held workshops, conducted a
market analysis of the downtown through the National Main Street Center,
sponsored free downtown lunchtime concerts for the public, and received a grant
to build a comprehensive village plan.

In addition to its annual meeting and election of new members to the board of
directors, tonight's meeting will include the third of three workshop sessions
to give final shape to the master plan. The session will focus on signs,
streetscapes, and open space.

According to Mrs. Thurlow, the initiative will now focus more intensely on the
business community, trying to create the critical mass'' needed to replicate
throughout downtown the success seen in recent years west of the center, from
the construction of the new senior center, restoration of the Asa Waters
Mansion, ongoing library project, and renovations undertaken by Youth
Opportunities Upheld Inc. at the town-owned old high school.

WRITE MASTER PLAN

Ms. Burr said the initiative is trying to write a master plan for the downtown
that builds on the town's overall master plan, completed two years ago.

It's applying those elements to a core area,'' she said.  Bringing together a
look at zoning, and land use, and open space, and park land, and recreation
facilities -- all of the things that we talked about during the master plan
process.''

In January 1999, the initiative was awarded a $35,000 state Community
Development Block Grant to develop its village plan. Another $10,000 state
development grant was obtained to help with operating expenses. And, this
August, Ms. Burr said, the Initiative will help the Board of Selectmen apply for
a $40,000 state block grant. While such funds are awarded to towns, and not
individual organizations, selectmen have designated the initiative as the
recipient of the grant, if the town gets it.

When we're talking about community development block grant money, that's money
that's really meant to be spent on those properties that are in definitive need
of help,'' Ms. Burr said.  You'll see that our priorities are primarily going to
be east of the Main Street divide.''

As for the $25,000 being sought at town meeting, Ms. Burr has told selectmen
that, for purposes of seeking a match from taxpayers, the initiative will begin
counting its fund-raising dollars only once the article is approved.

Anyone age 18 and older, whether a resident of Millbury or not, may join the
Millbury Improvement Initiative. Annual dues are $5 per person, and members in
good standing are permitted to vote at general membership meetings. Those
interested in joining may do so this evening and vote for the Board of
Directors; anyone attending the meeting may participate in the village workshop
session.

For more information, contact the initiative at (508) 865-3477 or by e-mail at
73540.46@compuserve.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; T&G Staff/PAULA FERAZZI SWIFT ; (1) The Millbury Public Library
is under construction at Water and Elm streets in Millbury. (2) The Asa Waters
Mansion on Elm Street in Millbury.

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

Organizations receive $300,000 in grants

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 105 words


A pair of local organizations received more than $300,000 through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Community Development Initiative program.

Community Foundation of Greater Dubuque was awarded $152,492. The money will be
used to build capacity of philanthropy and the enlargement of community
endowments.

East Central Intergovernmental Association, which assists the city of Dubuque
and Dubuque, Delaware and Jackson counties with community development and
planning, also was awarded funding through the program. ECIA received $150,000
to help local governments conduct fundraising, write grants and build affordable
housing.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

Local food topic of Jamestown conference

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 337 words


A Dakota Grown local foods conference for anyone interested in growing and
eating more locally grown foods will be held Feb. 19-20 at Jamestown's Gladstone
Inn.

The conference is sponsored by the North Dakota Department of Agriculture's
Going Local ND Initiative and the North Dakota Farmers Market Growers
Association.

The two-day agenda will include guest speakers on a variety of food, gardening
and marketing issues.

Participants can choose from breakout sessions on topics ranging from
square-foot gardening, to agri tourism, to selling food locally, to organic pest
control.

Guest speaker Ken Meter, director of Crossroads Resource Center in Minneapolis,
is known for his work on food systems and the economics of food, making him one
of the top food system analysts in the country.

His "Finding Food in Farm Country" studies spurred local foods activity in 45
regions in 20 states, and one Canadian province.

An international leader in sustainability measurement, he directed the public
process for the award-winning Minneapolis sustainability plan.

A second guest speaker, David Procter, directs Kansas State University's Center
for Engagement and Community Development and in 2007 convened rural grocers and
community leaders to talk about sustaining rural groceries.

Since that time, Procter has received a USDA Rural Development grant to create a
Web site (www.ruralgrocery.org) to address the issue.

Since then, he also has developed an online forum for rural grocers, hosted a
rural grocer summit and developed a series of rural grocer best practices.

The conference opens with registration at 8 a.m. Feb. 19.

Meter will speak in the morning, and breakout sessions fill the afternoon
schedule.

The conference reconvenes at 8 a.m. Feb. 20, and the schedule includes updates
on farmers market and local foods initiatives.

A panel of growers will discuss their community-supported agriculture gardens.

Meals are included in a $25 registration fee.

To register or for information, contact the North Dakota Department of
Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards of Community Development Block Grant
for Upgraded Water Service in Perry County

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Perry County Commissioners to upgrade water distribution lines, water
storage tank capacity and treatment facility which will improve current
deficiencies within the system and enable the ability to extend water lines.

"Having a sufficient water facility that meets the needs of the community and
environment is a necessity," said Sec. Walker. "By supporting the upgrade of
this service it will help strengthen the opportunities for community and
economic development by ensuring that residents and businesses have clean water,
free of disruptions due to operational issues."

The CDBG grant will provide funding to upgrade the water distribution lines,
water storage tank capacity and treatment facility improvements which will also
support the extension of water lines to a 23-unit manufactured home park and the
Pfautz Apartment Complex in Penn Township, Perry County.

The Penn Township Municipal Authority will install a new high efficiency well
pump, 2,200 linear feet of distribution pipe along with the construction of a
new treatment/control facility which will also house a standby power generator.
The project will also involve the construction of a new 150,000 gallon water
storage tank and valve chamber.

The upgrades will make significant improvements to the entire system which has
experienced frequent operational problems. The improvements will benefit 131 new
households and more than 325 people in the service area.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards of Community Development Block Grant
for Upgraded Water Service in Perry County

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Perry County Commissioners to upgrade water distribution lines, water
storage tank capacity and treatment facility which will improve current
deficiencies within the system and enable the ability to extend water lines.

"Having a sufficient water facility that meets the needs of the community and
environment is a necessity," said Sec. Walker. "By supporting the upgrade of
this service it will help strengthen the opportunities for community and
economic development by ensuring that residents and businesses have clean water,
free of disruptions due to operational issues."

The CDBG grant will provide funding to upgrade the water distribution lines,
water storage tank capacity and treatment facility improvements which will also
support the extension of water lines to a 23-unit manufactured home park and the
Pfautz Apartment Complex in Penn Township, Perry County.

The Penn Township Municipal Authority will install a new high efficiency well
pump, 2,200 linear feet of distribution pipe along with the construction of a
new treatment/control facility which will also house a standby power generator.
The project will also involve the construction of a new 150,000 gallon water
storage tank and valve chamber.

The upgrades will make significant improvements to the entire system which has
experienced frequent operational problems. The improvements will benefit 131 new
households and more than 325 people in the service area.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                              March 6, 2015 Friday
                                   1 Edition

A common goal

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 803 words


The European Union aims to help the Government achieve the Millennium
Development Goals quickly. That is why it has rolled out pilot acceleration
projects in four communities. If all goes well, the projects will be repeated on
a larger scale.

"We have struggled for many years to make our dreams and vision of a
self-sustaining, economically independent community happen. We are deeply
grateful, that your assistance is provided directly at the grassroots level."

The Domil community is about to complete a cassava feedmill and a poultry
processing plant. Production is expected to start by May. John Waim, chairman of
the Domil community development committee, couldn't hold back his enthusiasm and
praise for the project when representatives of the European Union (EU)
delegation in Papua New Guinea (PNG), United Nations Development Programme
(UNDP) and the government recently visited Western Highlands and Jiwaka. They
were there to assess the progress in implementing the EU funded community-led
Millennium Development Goals (MDG) acceleration projects.

This is progress for Domil, as the community initiative has especially brought
about an inspiring change for the community, situated as it is, in the
newly-established province of Jiwaka.

The community-led MDG acceleration projects were rolled out last year. The pilot
initiative sets out to support community development projects by benefitting
more than 5000 villagers directly in four selected villages but creating
indirect benefits far beyond, for an estimated 50,000 villagers.

The two-day visit was conducted to two out of the four supported communities, in
Trolga village where the communities are building a health centre and Domil
village, where the cassava feedmill and poultry processing plant are underway.

The Health Centre in Trolga, Western Highlands Province, stood in ruins until it
received funds under the project for its renovation and completion. It will soon
service more than 8000 people. What's inspiring of this story is that, the
community has shown large commitment to the project and as part of its
contribution purchased materials and begun the construction of the health
centre.

Sr Ruth Kumin, officer in charge of the Trolga Health Centre, said: "We are so
happy that we can now improve the quality of health services for the people of
Trolga."

The mission team met and spoke with community leaders like Sr Kumin and Waim in
both sites, who not only expressed a deep appreciation for the support but also
spoke of how the MDG acceleration projects are making a real - and what they
hope to be - a long-lasting difference to the lives of people in their
respective community.

For example, the Domil community project will initially benefit 1500 people but
within two years, be extended to cover 40,000 people from neighbouring Jimi
North Waghi. As in Trolga, Domil has shown large commitment and organised
farmers to engage in cassava and poultry production.

Carlos Battaglini, EU rural economic development programme manager, was
impressed with the community level initiative and commitment. He congratulated
the communities on the progress: "Continue moving on with your initiatives and
ownership.

"The European Union's aim is help improve the lives of the people in the rural
areas and we are happy to partner with UNDP, the government and community based
organisations to assist you."

UNDP resident representative Roy Trivedy said: "Projects like these remind us of
the potential and commitment that exist at the local level. Communities are
agents of change, and we hope they will inspire individuals and communities
across Papua New Guinea to make their own positive changes".

"Officials at provincial and district level note these initiatives and can
support them through DSIP/PSIP funding. UNDP will continue to provide expertise,
skills and knowledge for these kinds of initiatives."

EU ambassador to Papua New Guinea, Martin Dihm, says the EU "is pleased to
assist communities directly through this important initiative".

"Our aim is to help making a real difference in the lives of people in the rural
areas, where most of Papua New Guinea's people live."

The community-led MDG development project in PNG is funded by the EU with a
grant of E1 million (about K3 million) and implemented by the UNDP. On the
Government side, the project is led by the Department of National Planning and
Monitoring.

The main objective is to help the Government accelerate its achievement of the
MDGs at the local level, which is still a critical constraint in this country.
The project intends to demonstrate that four pilot communities are able to meet
the MDGs and eventually to pave the way to replication on a larger scale.

n Read more about the work of the EU and UNDP at:
www.eeas.europa.eu/delegations/papua_new_guinea/index_en.htmor www.pg.undp.org

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Company wins grant

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 173 words


Durant-based Rural Enterprises Inc. has been awarded $125,000 to train nonprofit
agencies how to promote a newly funded REI down payment and closing cost
assistant program and a direct loan program administered by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Rural Development agency, officials said Tuesday.

Nonprofit agencies that receive the training through this grant will be able to
serve more deserving low and very low income families, as well as generate
revenue to help fund or sustain their services and programs, the USDA said in a
news release.

The REI grant was part of more than $6.4 million in grant funds that will be
provided to 33 organizations in 33 states to support rural economic development
efforts.

USDA Rural Development's Rural Community Development Initiative assists
nonprofit community based development organizations, federally recognized Indian
tribes and low-income communities to improve their ability to promote economic
growth. Recipients are required to obtain matching funds, doubling the value of
the grants.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Arizona: HUD 2016 BUDGET PROPOSES INCREASED SUPPORT TO 'COLONIAS'

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the following news
release:

WASHINGTON - As part of President Obama's Fiscal Year 2016 Budget, the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is proposing to increase the
amount that states along the U.S.-Mexico border can use to promote affordable
housing and community development in severely distressed communities known as
Colonias.  The budget would authorize the states of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona
and California to set aside up to 15 percent (from the current 10 percent) of
their Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding for these rural border
communities that often lack adequate water, sewer, and/or decent housing.

"This change addresses the urgent need to transform our communities along the
border," said HUD Secretary Julián Castro. "HUD is firmly committed to working
with states and colonia residents to leverage resources for infrastructure -
from housing to clean running water, community development, jobs and training.
We're going to ensure that every family in America has a chance to move ahead
and share in the promise of America."

In accordance with the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (NAHA)
of 1990, HUD defines a colonia as a community within 150 miles of the United
States-Mexico border in Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas that was in
existence before November 28, 1990, excluding metropolitan areas with
populations exceeding one million.  In addition, a colonia must include a "lack
of potable water supply, lack of adequate sewage systems, and lack of decent,
safe, and sanitary housing." Some colonias are incorporated communities under
the control of the city, some are unincorporated under control of the county,
and others may be territories of cities which share some level of control with
the county.

Although colonia set-aside funds may be used for any CDBG-eligible activities,
basic infrastructure (water and wastewater treatment systems) and housing
activities should have priority. States should only fund other activities if
they are done in conjunction with basic infrastructure or housing activities.

"Colonia funding is critical to addressing the long term infrastructure and
housing needs of these very low-income communities," Texas Agriculture
Commissioner Sid Miller said. "Providing potable water and sanitary sewer is
essential to the health of the entire community. Safe housing is absolutely
necessary for residents to develop and thrive as productive citizens."

Texas has the most colonias, with over 2,000 individual communities considered
eligible. The state has also developed innovative programs and services beyond
the basic activities that are eligible under the state CDBG program, including
Self-Help Centers administered by local non-profits that provide home
construction and repair technical assistance, tools for borrowing, and financial
literacy training and technology access to colonia residents. In FY 2014, Texas
set aside the maximum allowable of 10 percent of its CDBG funds for colonias,
which was a total of $6,149,458, plus an additional $1,537,364 for Colonia
Self-Help Centers.

In New Mexico, about 150 colonias have been identified. Most are unincorporated
long-standing communities. Many of the New Mexico colonias consist of rural
small towns that were designated as colonias via county resolutions that cited a
lack of adequate water, sewer, and/or safe and sanitary housing. In FY 2014, New
Mexico set aside the maximum allowable of 10 percent of its CDBG funds for
colonias, which was a total of $901,637.

In Arizona, significant improvements have been made to the way it administers
the CDBG colonias set-aside funding. The state had relied upon county
resolutions that served as designations of certain communities as colonias due
to lack of potable water, adequate sewer and/or decent, safe and sanitary
housing. Consequently, many of the colonias were designated at the town level.
Following an audit by HUD's Office of the Inspector General in 2008, Arizona
began a colonias survey to better define the colonias' boundaries and measure
their needs. In FY 2014, Arizona set aside the maximum allowable of 10 percent
of its CDBG funds for colonias, which was a total of $914,695.

California is unique among the four border states. It has the shortest section
of the US-Mexico border. Much of the border area does not qualify as the
'US-Mexico Border Region' that excludes the metropolitan areas of Los Angeles,
San Diego and Riverside due to their populations. Therefore the number of
communities that qualify as colonias is 15. In FY 2014, California set aside 5
percent of its CDBG funds for colonias, which was a total of $1,476,486.

In addition to the CDBG set-aside funds, HUD's Border Community Capital
Initiative ("Border Initiative") is a partnership among three Federal agencies -
HUD, the Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) and the Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development (USDA-RD) to increase access to capital for affordable housing,
business lending and community facilities in the chronically underserved and
undercapitalized U.S./Mexico border region. Grant funding of $2 million
announced last year is part of the White House Rural Council. The Council was
launched by President Obama in 2012 to help create jobs and expand opportunities
in rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             July 20, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Duke, NCCU receive community outreach grants;
$4.5M to boost programs for kids, potential homeowners and others in Durham's
poor neighborhoods

BYLINE: By KIMBERLY SWEET ksweet@heraldsun.com; 419-6601

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 619 words


Duke and N.C. Central University will share $4.5 million from the W.K. Kellogg
Foundation to boost programs serving residents in poor neighborhoods off campus.

Each university will get $2.25 million for programs aimed at closing the
achievement gap in schools, educating adults on homeownership and decreasing the
digital divide (computer access to the Internet).

The universities, which worked together on the grants application, got the money
because of their past community outreach, said Tyrone Baines, Kellogg Foundation
program director.

The universities "are not Johnny-come-lately to community development," said
Baines, who represents the Battle Creek, Mich.-based company and used to live in
Durham. "Their programs are up and running and doing good things."

NCCU's program is called CARE, and Duke's is called HOPE.

The CARE program will support residents in the Eagle Village area by locating
four family resource centers there. The Eagle Village Community Development
Corp., created by NCCU in 1997, is working to revitalize an area within a 1.5
mile radius of the university.

The grant also will go to the university's "Saturday Academy," which helps
students who are not performing at grade level, as well as to a homeownership
institute, programs to train future entrepreneurs and programs aimed at closing
the "digital divide."

One of NCCU's overall goals is to reach more Latinos by providing
Spanish-speakers at the resource centers and the Saturday Academy.

Doing such is critical to reaching out to a large portion of the residents near
NCCU. "If we are going to have an enrichment program, we need to reach them,"
said Beverly Washington Jones, the principal investigator for the university.

Duke's program will use teams made up of school personnel, tutors and other
community providers to figure out how to help 160 students in after-school
programs to achieve in school. The students will come from the West End, Crest
and Walltown community centers.

The community centers are in neighborhoods among the 12 included in the
Duke-Durham Neighborhood Partnership Initiative. The initiative was started in
1996 to improve the quality of life in the neighborhoods surrounding the
university.

"This takes the neighborhood partnership initiative to a much higher level,"
said Michael Palmer, director of Duke University's Office of Community Affairs.
"This will give the program substantially more structure."

Each school's grant is significant: It is the largest, private single one ever
received by NCCU and the largest one devoted to community engagement ever
secured by Duke.

University and city officials lined up Friday at a news conference to celebrate
the money.

"We are very excited about the impact we can have on the community through the
grant," said NCCU's Chancellor James H. Ammons, adding that the university is
dedicated to "improving the life conditions of residents in the city of Durham."

Duke President Nan Keohane said Duke would be a good steward of the money, which
will be distributed over four years.

"We know that this gift will pack a powerful punch in our community engagement,"
Keohane said. "This magnificent, magnanimous gift makes it possible to do things
we only dreamed about."

Durham Public Schools Superintendent Ann Denlinger thanked the universities for
their support in closing the achievement gap between white and non-Asian
minority students.

These are the third and fourth community-outreach grants the Kellogg Foundation
has awarded to a university, Baines said. Similar grants went to Trinity College
in Connecticut and to a university in California.

The foundation gives grants to initiatives that support health, food systems,
rural development, education and philanthropy.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 The Durham Herald Co.


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces New Partnership to Increase Rural Residents' Access
to Healthy Food

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Agriculture National Agricultural Library has
issued the following news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary Lisa Mensah today
announced the selection of Reinvestment Fund to serve as the National Fund
Manager for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative (HFFI). As the National Fund
Manager, Reinvestment Fund will raise capital, provide financial and technical
assistance to regional, state and local partnerships, and help fund projects to
improve access to fresh, healthy foods in underserved rural areas.





 "Many of our rural communities lack grocery stores," Mensah said. "Without
access to fresh and affordable food, residents in these areas suffer poor health
outcomes and diminished opportunities. Reinvestment Fund has a well-established
record of investing in rural healthy food projects. We are pleased that they
will bring their expertise to this partnership with USDA."



 The Healthy Food Financing Initiative is an innovative program that enables
three federal agencies, USDA and the Departments of the Treasury and Health and
Human Services, to work together to increase access to healthy foods in
underserved communities. While these federal agencies each administer HFFI
projects independently, they meet periodically to share the most effective
methods to implement healthy food outreach efforts and support state and local
governments as well as the private sector. These types of investments not only
improve healthy food options but also increase opportunities for employment,
help revitalize distressed communities and open up new markets for farmers to
sell their products.



 Reinvestment Fund is a community development financial institution (CDFI)
dedicated to creating economic and other opportunities in low-income
communities. In 2004, it created the first state-sponsored healthy food
financing program in Pennsylvania: the Pennsylvania Fresh Food Financing
Initiative. Since then, it has provided more than $248 million in grants and
loans to support 163 projects, including $73.2 million in rural areas. More
recently, in 2014 Reinvestment Fund created ReFresh, a capacity-building
initiative that is composed of 19 CDFI partners. ReFresh partners represent an
estimated $8 billion in community investments, including $2 billion in rural
areas.



 The National Fund Manager, which was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill, is an
essential component of the Healthy Food Financing Initiative. As the Fund
Manager, Reinvestment Fund will work with USDA to create financial services to
establish and support grocery stores and other businesses to provide fresh and
healthy food in rural areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD ) has helped more than 1.2 million
rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as
schools, public safety and health care facilities; and invested more than $14
billion to start or expand nearly 122,000 rural businesses. USDA also invested
$38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects that have financed more than 198,000
miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces New Partnership to Increase Rural Residents' Access
to Healthy Food

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Agriculture National Agricultural Library has
issued the following news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary Lisa Mensah today
announced the selection of Reinvestment Fund to serve as the National Fund
Manager for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative (HFFI). As the National Fund
Manager, Reinvestment Fund will raise capital, provide financial and technical
assistance to regional, state and local partnerships, and help fund projects to
improve access to fresh, healthy foods in underserved rural areas.





 "Many of our rural communities lack grocery stores," Mensah said. "Without
access to fresh and affordable food, residents in these areas suffer poor health
outcomes and diminished opportunities. Reinvestment Fund has a well-established
record of investing in rural healthy food projects. We are pleased that they
will bring their expertise to this partnership with USDA."



 The Healthy Food Financing Initiative is an innovative program that enables
three federal agencies, USDA and the Departments of the Treasury and Health and
Human Services, to work together to increase access to healthy foods in
underserved communities. While these federal agencies each administer HFFI
projects independently, they meet periodically to share the most effective
methods to implement healthy food outreach efforts and support state and local
governments as well as the private sector. These types of investments not only
improve healthy food options but also increase opportunities for employment,
help revitalize distressed communities and open up new markets for farmers to
sell their products.



 Reinvestment Fund is a community development financial institution (CDFI)
dedicated to creating economic and other opportunities in low-income
communities. In 2004, it created the first state-sponsored healthy food
financing program in Pennsylvania: the Pennsylvania Fresh Food Financing
Initiative. Since then, it has provided more than $248 million in grants and
loans to support 163 projects, including $73.2 million in rural areas. More
recently, in 2014 Reinvestment Fund created ReFresh, a capacity-building
initiative that is composed of 19 CDFI partners. ReFresh partners represent an
estimated $8 billion in community investments, including $2 billion in rural
areas.



 The National Fund Manager, which was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill, is an
essential component of the Healthy Food Financing Initiative. As the Fund
Manager, Reinvestment Fund will work with USDA to create financial services to
establish and support grocery stores and other businesses to provide fresh and
healthy food in rural areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD ) has helped more than 1.2 million
rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as
schools, public safety and health care facilities; and invested more than $14
billion to start or expand nearly 122,000 rural businesses. USDA also invested
$38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects that have financed more than 198,000
miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            October 24, 2011 Monday

Baltimore gets $759K grant from feds for Howard Park grocery

BYLINE: Melody Simmons

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 313  words


A $759,000 federal community development grant was given to officials of the
city's Howard Park community Monday to help build a new grocery store there.

The grant was made as part of a national Healthy Food Financing Initiative and
is one of 12 nationally. The initiative aims to eliminate "food deserts" in
low-income and rural communities by helping to construct supermarkets and small
grocery stores that offer fresh, healthy foods.

The award was made as part of the city's first Food Day. Mayor Stephanie
Rawlings-Blake and city agency heads, representatives of the United Way of
Central Maryland, urban farmers and healthy food advocates gathered at City Hall
to commemorate the event that is part of a national movement to raise awareness
for improved food policies.

The Food Day focuses on six principles that include expanded access to food,
reduction of diet-related diseases, promotion of health by curbing junk-food
marketing to kids and greater support for sustainable farming.

The Baltimore Food Policy Initiative has received national recognition for its
efforts to improve access to healthy, affordable foods in food deserts -- areas
where residents lack access to healthy food options.

"For preventing heart disease, diabetes and other chronic conditions, having
access to healthy foods is nearly, if not equally, important as having access to
quality health care," said Baltimore Commissioner of Health Dr. Oxiris Barbot.

The federal grant to help fund a new grocery in Howard Park will help with that,
city officials said.

"These federal funds will not only help build a new grocery store, but also
support the development of a commercial kitchen, and revitalize farmers markets
in the area," said Department of Planning Director Thomas J. Stosur. "This is a
great example of how a grocery store can increase a community's access to
healthy foods and spur job creation. "

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Halifax Courier

                                October 21, 2006

'We've got money for rural groups'

LENGTH: 280  words


ORGANISERS of charity and voluntary projects in the Ryburn and Calder valleys
are being encouraged to apply for grants from Calderdale Council.

Small grants for rural areas are available up to a maximum of £1,000 and can be
used to help offset the cost of economic regeneration projects, improving
services, community development schemes and safeguarding the environment.

Among those groups which have already benefited is the Hebden Bridge Literary
and Scientific Society.

Secretary Diana Monahan said: "The grant provided the impetus and resources for
the local history society to catalogue two recently discovered collections
relevant to our district.

"Additional members have also become involved in this field of work and we are
extending our knowledge of the area and of conservation techniques."

Other beneficiaries have included Heptonstall Festival organisers and a
newsletter and website for Luddenden Conservation Society.

The grants scheme aims to promote lasting improvements to the quality of life of
residents in the rural wards of Calderdale by encouraging community and
voluntary initiatives.

The grant giving process is organised by the council and the Yorkshire Rural
Community Council, and money is available to voluntary, charitable and
not-for-profit groups in the Calder, Luddenden Foot, Ryburn and Todmorden wards.

They can be used to cover up to half of the eligible costs and the time
contributed by volunteers can be included as part of the match funding.

Applicants need to clearly demonstrate community involvement in the project
development as well as a lasting impact on the community.

Details on how to apply are available from Elizabeth Truscott on 01422 392362.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

West Central Initiative CEO resigns

BYLINE: Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


Oct. 15--VP of Operations named interim chief

West Central Initiative president and CEO Nancy Straw has resigned to take a job
in Oregon.

WCI Board Chair David Nelson made the announcement that Straw has resigned her
position to accept a position with The Ford Family Foundation to work in the
areas of community and economic development. Vice President of Operations Sandra
King has been named interim CEO.

"Because of Nancy's great leadership skills, and with a succession plan already
in place, West Central Initiative will be able to move forward in the search
process in a confident and transparent manner," Nelson said in a news release.
"In the meantime, we have full confidence in Sandy King to keep things running
very smoothly throughout the transition."

Straw said it was a tough choice to leave.

"One of my goals has been to ensure that WCI would continue to grow and prosper
long after my departure. While it was a difficult decision to make, the timing
is right," she said. "There are strong leadership teams in place on both the
board and the staff."

Straw joined WCI in 1996 to work in business development and lending. Three
years later, she was named CEO after the retirement of her predecessor Lowell
Larson. During her tenure, WCI's assets grew more than $34 million and the
number of WCI-administered charitable funds increased from 40 to more than 70.
WCI's work has expanded to include such regional programs as the Family Economic
Success Council, the Early Childhood Initiative, the Early Childhood Dental
Network and the Heart-Land Giving farmland donation program, to name a few. In
addition, WCI built and moved to a new building that offered more office and
community meeting space.

Through her activities across the state and the country, Straw has helped to
bring national recognition to WCI as an innovative leader in workforce
development and rural economic development. During the celebration of WCI's 25th
year, she introduced "surprise grants" that were given to nonprofit
organizations who would not ordinarily qualify for WCI program funding.
Partnerships with other organizations have grown and extended the reach of WCI
resources throughout the region.

A strong advocate for rural people and communities, Straw has written stories
about local people to highlight the good life that is possible in small towns
and rural areas. She also participated in field-changing work with the Aspen
Institute Community Strategies Group's Rural Development Philanthropy Learning
Network and Collaborative, CFLeads Superior Community Leadership Network,
Council on Foundations conferences and presentations, the Annie E. Casey
Foundation's Rural Family Economic Success program, and many others.

Interim CEO/VP of Operations Sandra King has been with WCI since 1986 and has
been a key part of the growth of the organization over the years. She will work
closely with the board as they begin the search process for the next CEO.
Straw's last day at WCI is Nov. 19.

Call David Nelson at 218-643-0405 or Sandy King at 800-735-2239 for more
information.

West Central Initiative is a regional community foundation serving the nine west
central Minnesota counties of Becker, Clay, Douglas, Grant, Otter Tail, Pope,
Stevens, Traverse and Wilkin. WCI invests resources in our communities for
regional success, using the tools of economic development and community
development, and by promoting philanthropy. Visit www.wcif.org for more
information.

___ (c)2014 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141015-1FF-West-Central-Initiative-CEO-resigns-1015-20141015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2014 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail-Times

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Letters to the Editor

BYLINE: Luke Horton

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 602 words


THERE has been a lot said of the $5.6 million annual wage paid to Australia Post
chief executive Ahmed Fahour.

In the corporate world, this sort of payment is not unusual, but when Mr Fahour
has presided over the dismantling of Australia Post services, you would have to
say it is a remarkable salary.

If we use our local postal service as an example, Australia Post has
deteriorated enormously under his leadership.

In western Victoria, our mail used to be sorted by a handful of staff at the
Ballarat Mail Centre. You could post a letter from Beaufort to Ararat, and in
most cases it would be delivered the next business day. It was a good service.

Now we have a situation where that letter is driven past Ballarat, all the way
down to Dandenong, it then gets sorted (eventually) and might arrive in Ararat a
week later - if you are lucky. Then there is the new pricing structure where the
cost of sending a letter rose 30 per cent to $1 only for our letters to receive
a lower priority.

If you pay an extra 50 cents for a 'priority' sticker, it might arrive a bit
sooner - again if you are lucky. It is argued that the changes and price
increases were necessary to stem the losses incurred by Australia Post's letter
delivery business.

But most good chief executives would actually do their best to improve the
service instead of winding it back to a point where it is unreliable, therefore
resulting in even more lost income.

I know of a school that once posted out its newsletter to more than 200 parents,
but has now given up on the postal system because the newsletters were arriving
too late.

Pauline Hanson says Mr Fahour should be paid a maximum $250,000.

That's stupid! No corporate brain would work for that sort of money.

But the current salary is way too high, especially considering the long list of
underachievement. As it stands, the taxpayer still owns Australia Post. Malcolm
Turnbull is happy to cut back pensions, and even admits Mr Fahour's salary to be
way too high.

You're his boss Malcolm, you can fix this!

CRAIG WILSON

Beaufort

THE Victorian Women's Benevolent Trust has opened its 2017 general grants
program for the benefit of women and girls.

Community organisations contributing to social inclusion and addressing
disadvantage for women and girls in rural and regional Victoria are invited to
apply for grant funding.

The trust will support projects that address the needs of refugee and migrant
families or women or girls who are experiencing socio-economic disadvantage,
lack of educational or training opportunities, or who live with a disability or
illness.

The trust has previously supported outstanding initiatives across the Wimmera
including Wimmera Uniting Care's community development and capacity building
program for women with disabilities and a Women's Health Grampians research
program in Ararat.

The rural and regional focus of the 2017 general grants round continues the
trust's proud tradition of targeting significant disadvantage or lack of
resources affecting women and girls and their communities.

It's very exciting to be able to reach out to rural and regional Victoria with
our 2017 grants. Supporting initiatives that specifically respond to the needs
of rural or regional women and girls will deliver positive outcomes for
communities.

The trust is the grant-making entity of the Victorian Women's Trust and in 31
years has provided nearly $7 million in grants for more than 560 projects in
Victoria supporting women and girls.

Applications for the 2017 general grants close on March 24. More information is
available from www.vwt.org.au/grants

CAROLYN MUNCKTON

General manager

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 20, 2015 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of
Community Planning and Development

LENGTH: 2900  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5869-D-01]
Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of Community Planning and
Development AGENCY: Office of the Secretary, HUD. ACTION: Notice of delegations
of authority.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates delegations of authority from
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. DATES: Effective upon date of signature.
[[Page 21748]] FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: David H. Enzel, Director, Office
of Technical Assistance and Management, Department of Housing and Urban
Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7228, Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone
number 202-402-5557. (This is not a toll-free number.) For those needing
assistance, this number may be accessed through TTY by calling the toll-free
Federal Relay Service number at 1-800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This
notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates into one notice the authority
delegated by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.

This notice supersedes all previous delegations to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, including the delegation published on May
30, 2012. The two existing redelegations of authority published on June 29, 2012
remain in effect. Section A. Authority Delegated Only the Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development is delegated the authority to issue a
final regulation or a Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA). The authority
delegated herein to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary includes the authority
to waive regulations and statutes, but for the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary the authority to waive
statutes is limited in Section B below. Except as provided in Section B, the
Secretary of HUD delegates to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development the authority of the Secretary with respect to the programs and
matters listed below: 1. The AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle
D of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part
574. 2. The Base Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless Assistance Act of
1994, Pub. L. 103-421, 108 Stat. 4346 (codified as amended at 10 U.S.C. 2687
note); 24 CFR part 586. 3. Capacity Building for Community Development and
Affordability Housing grants, Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993,
Pub. L. 103-120, 107 Stat. 1148 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 9816 note). 4.
Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101- 625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); 24 CFR part 91. 5.
Economic Development Initiative grants, as provide for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. (2003)). 6. Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ), as
authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of the Internal
Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR parts 597
and 598. 7. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-
Gonzalez, National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079
(1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part 92. 8. The
Loan Guarantee Recovery Fund under Section 4 of the Church Arson Prevention Act
of 1996, Pub. L. 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392 (codified at 18 U.S.C. 241 note); 224
CFR part 573. 9. Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designed in annual
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)). 10. The Homelessness Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund
heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. 11. The Housing Trust Fund (HTF), Section
1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of
1992, added by Section 1131 of Pub. L. 110-289, 112 Stat. 2654 (codified at 12
U.S.C. 4568); 24 CFR part 93. 12. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for
in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act
2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). 13. The Tax Credit Assistance
Program (TCAP), as authorized under the HOME Investments Partnerships Program
heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009, Pub. L. 111- 5, 123 Stat. 115, 220-21. 14. The Self-Help Housing
Opportunity Program (SHOP) under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program
Extension Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-120, 110 Stat. 834 (codified at 42 U.S.C.
12805 note). 15. Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized
under any program or matter delegated under Section A (e.g., Section 107 of the
Housing and Community Development Act 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815
(1988)); and as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts
(e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093
(2009)). 16. Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub.
L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR
part 570, including the following: a. The Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) program; b. The Section 108 loan guarantee program; c. Economic
development grants pursuant to Section 108(q); d. Neighborhood Stabilization
programs under the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Pub. L. 110-289,
122 Stat. 2850; Title XII of Division A of the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, 123 Stat. 115; and Section 1497 of the
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, Pub. L. 111-203, 124
Stat. 1376 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note); e. CDBG Disaster
Recovery Grants as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations
acts; and f. Appalachian Regional Commission grants pursuant to Section 214 of
the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, Pub. L. 89-4, 79 Stat. 5
(codified as amended at 40 U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program
authorized under Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974,
Pub. L. 93-393, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.).
17. Title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Pub. L. 100-77, 101
Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), renamed by an
Act of October 30, 2000, Pub. L. 106-400, 114 Stat. 1675 (2000), including the
following: a. The Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants program,
24 CFR 576; b. The Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583; [[Page 21749]]
c. The Shelter Plus Care Program, 24 CFR part 582; d. The Moderate
Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy program 24 CFR part 882, subpart H; e.
The Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578; and f. The Rural Housing
Stability Assistance program. 18. Title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless
Assistance Act, Pub. L. 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42
U.S.C. 1411 et seq.), renamed by an Act of October 30, 2000, Pub. L. 106-300,
114 Stat. 1675 (2000), 24 CFR part 581. 19. The Veterans Homelessness Prevention
Demonstration program as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. 111-8, 123 Stat. 524 (2009)). 20.
Overall departmental responsibility for compliance with the Uniform Relocation
Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, Pub. L. 91-646,
84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49 CFR
part 24. (For departmental programs, only the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development is delegated the authority to exercise the federal
waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7). 21. Overall departmental
responsibility for compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of
1969, Pub. L. 91-190, 83 Stat. 852 (1970) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.
4321-4347), and the related laws and authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4, including
(with regard to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development)
the authority to issue and to waive, or approve exceptions or establish criteria
for exceptions from provisions of 24 CFR parts 50, 51, 55, and 58. 22. Certain
Office of Community Planning and Development Programs that are no longer
authorized for funding (or future funding is not anticipated), but whose
administration must continue until all departmental responsibilities are
discharged and finally terminated. These programs include the following: a. The
Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal program under Title I of the Housing Act of
1949, Pub. L. 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and any program which is superseded by, or
inactive by reason of Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of
1974, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316); b.
Area-wide grants, inequities grants, disaster grants and the authority to concur
in final approval actions regarding innovative grants under Section 107 of Title
I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat.
633 (repealed 1981); c. Urban Development Action grants under Title I of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633.
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5318); d. The Rental Rehabilitation Program,
United States Housing Act of 1937, Sec. 17, Pub. L. 98-181, 97 Stat. 1196; e.
The Section 312 Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964, Sec. 312 Pub.
L. 88-560, 78 Stat. 769 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 1452(b)); 24 CFR part 510; f. The
Urban Homesteading Program, Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 Sec.
810, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1990); g. Enterprise Zone Program
under Title VII of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L.
100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11501 et seq.);
h. Grant for Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations resolution, Fiscal Year
2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)); i. HUD's Homeownership Zone
initiative (HOZ) grants as provided for in Section 205 of the Department of
Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies
Appropriations Act, 1997, Pub. L. 104-204, 110 Stat. 2874 (1996) and funded with
recaptured Nehemiah grants authorized under Title VI of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988)
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715l note); j. The Innovative Homeless Initiatives
Demonstration program under the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993, Pub. L. 103-120,
107 Stat. 1144; k. The HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family Housing (HOPE 3)
program, Title IV, Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable
Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C.
12891); l. New Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and Urban
Development Act of 1968, Pub. L. 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section
726 of the Housing and Urban -Rural Recovery Act of 1983, Pub. L. 91-609
(repealed 1983), 84 Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Act
of 1983, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1710g-5b), and
any other functions, powers, and duties that may affect the liquidation of the
New Communities program; m. Rural Housing and Economic Development grants
specifically designed originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act,
Pub. L. 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 and subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts; n.
Renewal Communities (RC), as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1,
subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C.
1400E et seq.); 24 CFR part 599; o. Youthbuild Program, Title IV, Subtitle D of
the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104
Stat. 4079 (1990) (repealed 2006); 24 CFR part 585; and Youthbuild Transfer Act
(TA) as authorized under Title IV of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable
Housing Act, as amended by the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992,
Pub. L. 102-550, 106 Stat. 3723 (1992) (repealed 2006); and p. All programs
consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs) established pursuant
to Title II of the Independent Offices Appropriations Act, Pub. L. 98-45, 97
Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5), including all
authority of the Secretary with respect to functions, administration, and
management of the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs). 23. Suspensions, and/or
limited denial of participations under 2 CFR part 2424 with the concurrence of
the General Counsel, or such other official as may be designed by the General
Counsel. Section B. Authority Excepted There is excepted from the authority
delegated under Section A: 1. The power to sue and be sued; 2. Under Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): a. The power to administer the
Indian Community Development Block Grant program, for which the authority has
been delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing; b. The
power to administer section 107 programs delegated to the Assistant Secretary
for Policy Development and Research; c. The power to issue obligations for
purchase by the Secretary of the Treasury under section 108(g) of the Housing
and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C. 5308); and d. The power and authority
of the Secretary with respect to [[Page 21750]] nondiscrimination under section
109 may be exercised only with the advice of the Assistant Secretary for Fair
Housing Equal Opportunity. 3. Under the HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title
II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625,
104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.), the
power to administer grants to Indian tribes, for which the authority has been
delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing. 4. For
programs noted in Section A.22 of this delegation that are no longer authorized
for funding; a. The power to establish interest rates; and b. The power to issue
notes or obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the Treasury. 5. The
authority delegated under Section A to the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary
and General Deputy Assistant Secretary does not include the authority to waive
the following statutes: a. The authority under annual and supplemental HUD
appropriations acts providing Community Development Block Grant funding for
disaster recovery (e.g., Pub.121212 L. 113-2) to waive, or specify alternative
requirements for, statutory requirements; b. The authority under section
215(a)(6) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C.
12745) to waive qualifying rents; and c. The authority under section 858(b) of
the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12906) to waive
requirements for short-term supported housing and services. Section C. Authority
to Redelegate The Assistant Secretary, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development are authorized to redelegate to employees of the Department any
authority delegated under Section A. Redelegated authority to CPD Director,
Assistant Secretaries or other CPD program officials does not supersede the
authority of the Assistant Secretary as designee of the Secretary. The two
existing redelegations published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38851 and 77 FR 38853
remain in effect. Section D. Delegations Superseded This notice supersedes all
prior delegations of authority from the Secretary to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, including the delegation published on May
30, 2012 at 77 FR 31972. Authority: Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated: April 13, 2015.
Juli[aacute]n Castro, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. [FR Doc.
2015-08949 Filed 4-17-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 4210-67-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            August 16, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Officials to seek rural economic development plan

BYLINE: Ryan McNeill, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 350 words


Former Republican U.S. Rep. Wes Watkins will lead a new economic development
initiative announced Monday by House Speaker Todd Hiett, R-Kellyville.

Hiett plans to spend $114,000 in legislative dollars from accounts he controls
to partner with Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc., which expects to spend an
additional $114,000 on the project.

The $228,000 will go toward salaries, travel and a questionnaire for rural
business owners, which Hiett said will be used to create an "action plan" to
help improve the plight of economically depressed rural Oklahoma.

Watkins will likely be placed on retainer and will earn about $60,000, said Tom
Seth Smith, president and chief executive officer of Rural Enterprises of
Oklahoma Inc.

"This shouldn't be a study," Hiett said. "This can't be another study that
doesn't lead to anything."

Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc. is a nonprofit economic development firm for
rural Oklahoma businesses and communities. Most of its past work is in
southeastern and south-central Oklahoma.

Watkins founded the organization about 20 years ago, Smith said.

Smith said the project will "identify actions that can be taken in rural
Oklahoma."

Hiett said results of the project, which he calls the Rural Economic Development
Initiative, would be evident by the end of the year, when answers from the
questionnaire can be used to create legislation for the 2006 legislative
session. Oklahoma State University also will help with research.

The study will look at Oklahoma's tax structure, housing, county transportation
infrastructure, telecommunications infrastructure, community development block
grant management and tourism opportunities.

"We will search for these problems and try to solve them," Watkins said. "We
want to change the way of thinking (in Oklahoma)."

Watkins, who did doctorate-level work on rural economic development at the
University of Maryland, was asked to help by Hiett in March. He said the number
of Oklahomans involved in agriculture has dwindled from 16 percent to less than
2 percent in past decades.

"The demographics have changed, and we have not responded," Watkins said.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former U.S. Rep. Wes Watkins, left, and Oklahoma House Speaker Todd
Heitt, right, laugh together during a news conference in Oklahoma City to
announce a new plan for rural economic growth. - ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Berwickshire Advertiser

                                October 11, 2007

Public views sought on where UK funding should be spent

LENGTH: 628  words


LOCAL projects are in line for a financial boost thanks to the unveiling of a
new EU funding initiative by the Scottish Government.

The Government has invited rural areas in Scotland to bid for a share of £41
million for the development of a new LEADER programme to help rural areas
develop projects that improve quality of life and economic prosperity.

The Scottish Borders has benefited from LEADER funding since 1996. The current
LEADER+ programme has supported 84 local projects so far, with a total spend of
£5.5 million, under the theme Making Best Use of Natural and Cultural Resources.

Projects in Berwickshire to have benefited from previous funding include: the
Scottish Sustainable Marine Environment Initiative (SSMEI)- the pilot project
which aims to develop an integrated and sustainable approach to the development
of the marine environment and coastal communities; Grantshouse Community Garden,
who received a grant of £50,000 for the creation of a community garden and
recreational space on a derelict area of land, and a project led by
Cockburnspath Community Public House Group to establish a community owned pub in
the village.

The new LEADER initiative puts particular emphasis on supporting innovation,
co-operation, community involvement and sustainable rural development.

A new Local Action Group is being formed for the Scottish Borders, representing
community, farming, business, conservation, access, tourism, economic
development and youth interests.

Among the organisations who have signed up for the new group are the Scottish
Borders Community Councils' Network , The Bridge (Scottish Borders Community
Development Company), Youth Borders, and the Scottish Association of Young
Farmers Clubs.

The Local Action Group would like to hear the views of local communities, and to
gauge public opinion a number of drop-in meetings have been scheduled, including
one in Duns Council Chamber, Newtown Street, on Monday October 22 from 6-8pm.
Other sessions are scheduled for Jedburgh Town Hall on Thursday October 18 and
Peebles Council Chamber on Thursday October 23, again both starting at 6pm.

Conservative MSP for Roxburgh and Berwickshire, John Lamont praised the new
funding and said he hoped a local organisations would be able to take advantage.

"Of course I'm welcoming this added injection of EU funding into the Borders and
I think it has the potential to help the area significantly.

"I do have one point of caution though. I hope the money is as accessible as
it's made out to be and there's not too much red tape or form-filling involved.
I've spoken to a number of constituents and many are put off from applying for
funding as they feel it is a bureaucratic nightmare.

"I've been contacted by a lot of groups regarding funding problems, and it is
becoming a lot harder to receive grants, particularly from sources such as
lottery funding, as groups are now having to compete with the 2012 Olympics in
London."

"It's important that the LEADER funding is aimed specifically at our region and
it should prove useful for farming and activities for younger people.

"I would strongly advise constituents and groups who are interesting in applying
for funding to go along to the meeting in Duns on October 22 to find out more."

A spokeswoman for Scottish Borders Council added that the programme would have a
wide range of benefits.

"The new LEADER Programme will ensure that financial support continues to be
available for rural communities, businesses and organisations. It will support
new projects that improve local quality of life and economic prosperity in rural
areas. The benefits include the development of new business opportunities in
rural areas, the protection and enhancement of the rural environment, and
support for local community action."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Enniscorthy Guardian (Ireland)

                                 April 5, 2011

Plaques at a special ceremony

SECTION:

LENGTH: 358 words


The presentations were made at a meeting of Wexford Local Development in the
Riverbank House Hotel in Wexford last Thursday.

At the ceremony, the following organisations received plaques to celebrate their
involvement in the initiative.

Wexgen Ltd, a new business venture based in the Moyne Industrial Estate in
Enniscorthy, which produces Irish-grown and processed briquettes that are carbon
neutral, sustainable and renewable, was allocated aid to buy processing plant
equipment. Four full-time jobs were created as a result.

St Michael's Theatre, a community-based arts centre in New Ross, received a
grant to help with the cost of buying a 3D digital cinema.

Featherbed Farm Foods, a new luxury ice cream-making business in Oylegate, owned
and managed by local men Simon and Paul Cooper, received grant assistance for
specialised equipment when setting up.

Kilanerin-Ballyfad Community Development Group, which represents an amalgamation
of the five communities of Kilanerin, Ballyfad, Ballythomas, Annagh and
Hollyfort, was given grant assistance for an enabling works package.

Fresh Today, an Enniscorthy company supplying fresh and nutritious lunches to
schools and businesses, was given grant aid for specialised training and capital
to equip and develop their new premises at Enniscorthy Business Park. A number
of jobs have been created.

Bree Community Development Group Ltd received a grant for an extension to the
community hall to allow more people to avail of the facility.

Kilmuckridge Memorial Hall was helped with badlyneeded refurbishment works,
which included roof repairs. The hall has been completely transformed and is now
used to full capacity by a number of groups.

Tomhaggard Community Development Group, which was formed in 2008 with the aim of
transforming the Old School building into a community centre, was assisted with
upgrading works. The premises was officially opened by Bishop Denis Brennan on
March 20.

More than 260 projects have been processed to date by the National Rural
Development Programme. If you have a project idea or would like to discuss a
proposal, contact Helena Dempsey or Eileen Dake on 053 9155880.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Gorey Guardian (Ireland)

                                 April 5, 2011

Plaques at a special ceremony

SECTION:

LENGTH: 358 words


The presentations were made at a meeting of Wexford Local Development in the
Riverbank House Hotel in Wexford last Thursday.

At the ceremony, the following organisations received plaques to celebrate their
involvement in the initiative.

Wexgen Ltd, a new business venture based in the Moyne Industrial Estate in
Enniscorthy, which produces Irish-grown and processed briquettes that are carbon
neutral, sustainable and renewable, was allocated aid to buy processing plant
equipment. Four full-time jobs were created as a result.

St Michael's Theatre, a community-based arts centre in New Ross, received a
grant to help with the cost of buying a 3D digital cinema.

Featherbed Farm Foods, a new luxury ice cream-making business in Oylegate, owned
and managed by local men Simon and Paul Cooper, received grant assistance for
specialised equipment when setting up.

Kilanerin-Ballyfad Community Development Group, which represents an amalgamation
of the five communities of Kilanerin, Ballyfad, Ballythomas, Annagh and
Hollyfort, was given grant assistance for an enabling works package.

Fresh Today, an Enniscorthy company supplying fresh and nutritious lunches to
schools and businesses, was given grant aid for specialised training and capital
to equip and develop their new premises at Enniscorthy Business Park. A number
of jobs have been created.

Bree Community Development Group Ltd received a grant for an extension to the
community hall to allow more people to avail of the facility.

Kilmuckridge Memorial Hall was helped with badlyneeded refurbishment works,
which included roof repairs. The hall has been completely transformed and is now
used to full capacity by a number of groups.

Tomhaggard Community Development Group, which was formed in 2008 with the aim of
transforming the Old School building into a community centre, was assisted with
upgrading works. The premises was officially opened by Bishop Denis Brennan on
March 20.

More than 260 projects have been processed to date by the National Rural
Development Programme. If you have a project idea or would like to discuss a
proposal, contact Helena Dempsey or Eileen Dake on 053 9155880.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            October 17, 2008 Friday

Agriculture development grants go to 3 Utah organizations

BYLINE: By Dawn House The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 99 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has given Ru­ral Community Develop­ment
Initiative grants to three Utah organizations.

The San Juan County Economic Development Of­fice will get $105,700 to help the
Four Corners School of Outdoor Education train its board and staff. Walrus
Woodworking of Oakley will receive $14,425 to help farmers, ranchers and rural
small businesses develop renewable energy systems and make their operations more
energy effi­cient.

A $50,000 grant will go to Tooele County to start a business resource center.

For more information on the program, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/ut .

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

FR-5869-D-01 Consolidated Delegations of Authority for the Office of Community
Planning and Development

LENGTH: 2833  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


DC: This Notice document was issued by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD)

Action

Notice of delegations of authority.
Summary

This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates delegations of authority from
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development.
Dates

Effective upon date of signature.
For Further Information Contact

David H. Enzel, Director, Office of Technical Assistance and Management,
Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7228,
Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone number 202-402-5557. (This is not a
toll-free number.) For those needing assistance, this number may be accessed
through TTY by calling the toll-free Federal Relay Service number at
1-800-877-8339.
Supplementary Information

This notice updates, clarifies, and consolidates into one notice the authority
delegated by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. This notice
supersedes all previous delegations to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, including the delegation published on May 30, 2012.
The two existing redelegations of authority published on June 29, 2012 remain in
effect.
Section A. Authority Delegated

Only the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development is delegated
the authority to issue a final regulation or a Notice of Funding Availability
(NOFA). The authority delegated herein to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary includes
the authority to waive regulations and statutes, but for the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary the authority to
waive statutes is limited in Section B below.

Except as provided in Section B, the Secretary of HUD delegates to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development the authority of the
Secretary with respect to the programs and matters listed below:

1. The AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574.

2. The Base Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless Assistance Act of 1994,
Pub. L. 103-421, 108 Stat. 4346 (codified as amended at 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 24
CFR part 586.

3. Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordability Housing grants,
Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993, Pub. L. 103-120, 107 Stat. 1148
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 9816 note).

4. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); 24 CFR part 91.

5. Economic Development Initiative grants, as provide for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. (2003)).

6. Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ), as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A,
chapter 1, subchapter U of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26
U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR parts 597 and 598.

7. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez,
National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part 92.

8. The Loan Guarantee Recovery Fund under Section 4 of the Church Arson
Prevention Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392 (codified at 18 U.S.C.
241 note); 224 CFR part 573.

9. Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designed in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)).

10. The Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as
authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund heading of Division A, Title
XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115.

11. The Housing Trust Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing
Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of
Pub. L. 110-289, 112 Stat. 2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568); 24 CFR part 93.

12. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
acts (e.g., the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3084 (2009)).

13. The Tax Credit Assistance Program (TCAP), as authorized under the HOME
Investments Partnerships Program heading of Division A, Title XII of the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, 123 Stat. 115,
220-21.

14. The Self-Help Housing Opportunity Program (SHOP) under section 11 of the
Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-120, 110 Stat.
834 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12805 note).

15. Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized under any
program or matter delegated under Section A (e.g., Section 107 of the Housing
and Community Development Act 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988)); and
as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g., the
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).

16. Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L.
93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR
part 570, including the following:

a. The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program;

b. The Section 108 loan guarantee program;

c. Economic development grants pursuant to Section 108(q);

d. Neighborhood Stabilization programs under the Housing and Economic Recovery
Act of 2008, Pub. L. 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII of Division A of the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, 123 Stat. 115;
and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010,
Pub. L. 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note);

e. CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD
appropriations acts; and

f. Appalachian Regional Commission grants pursuant to Section 214 of the
Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, Pub. L. 89-4, 79 Stat. 5 (codified
as amended at 40 U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program authorized
under Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L.
93-393, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.).

17. Title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Pub. L. 100-77, 101
Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), renamed by an
Act of October 30, 2000, Pub. L. 106-400, 114 Stat. 1675 (2000), including the
following:

a. The Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants program, 24 CFR 576;

b. The Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583;

c. The Shelter Plus Care Program, 24 CFR part 582;

d. The Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy program 24 CFR part
882, subpart H;

e. The Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578; and

f. The Rural Housing Stability Assistance program.

18. Title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Pub. L. 100-77, 101
Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.), renamed by an
Act of October 30, 2000, Pub. L. 106-300, 114 Stat. 1675 (2000), 24 CFR part
581.

19. The Veterans Homelessness Prevention Demonstration program as provided for
in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub.
L. 111-8, 123 Stat. 524 (2009)).

20. Overall departmental responsibility for compliance with the Uniform
Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, Pub.
L. 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.);
49 CFR part 24. (For departmental programs, only the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development is delegated the authority to exercise the
federal waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7).

21. Overall departmental responsibility for compliance with the National
Environmental Policy Act of 1969, Pub. L. 91-190, 83 Stat. 852 (1970) (codified
as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), and the related laws and authorities cited
in 24 CFR 50.4, including (with regard to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development) the authority to issue and to waive, or approve
exceptions or establish criteria for exceptions from provisions of 24 CFR parts
50, 51, 55, and 58.

22. Certain Office of Community Planning and Development Programs that are no
longer authorized for funding (or future funding is not anticipated), but whose
administration must continue until all departmental responsibilities are
discharged and finally terminated. These programs include the following:

a. The Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal program under Title I of the Housing Act
of 1949, Pub. L. 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and any program which is superseded by, or
inactive by reason of Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of
1974, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316);

b. Area-wide grants, inequities grants, disaster grants and the authority to
concur in final approval actions regarding innovative grants under Section 107
of Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-383,
88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1981);

c. Urban Development Action grants under Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633. (codified as amended at
42 U.S.C. 5318);

d. The Rental Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing Act of 1937, § 17,
Pub. L. 98-181, 97 Stat. 1196;

e. The Section 312 Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964, § 312 Pub.
L. 88-560, 78 Stat. 769 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 1452(b)); 24 CFR part 510;

f. The Urban Homesteading Program, Housing and Community Development Act of 1974
§ 810, Pub. L. 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (repealed 1990);

g. Enterprise Zone Program under Title VII of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 100 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 11501 et seq.);

h. Grant for Urban Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations resolution, Fiscal Year
2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003));

i. HUD's Homeownership Zone initiative (HOZ) grants as provided for in Section
205 of the Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997, Pub. L. 104-204, 110 Stat. 2874
(1996) and funded with recaptured Nehemiah grants authorized under Title VI of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 101 Stat.
1815 (1988) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715l note);

j. The Innovative Homeless Initiatives Demonstration program under the HUD
Demonstration Act of 1993, Pub. L. 103-120, 107 Stat. 1144;

k. The HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family Housing (HOPE 3) program, Title
IV, Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L.
101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891);

l. New Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development Act
of 1968, Pub. L. 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the
Housing and Urban -Rural Recovery Act of 1983, Pub. L. 91-609 (repealed 1983),
84 Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Act of 1983, Public
Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1710g-5b), and any other
functions, powers, and duties that may affect the liquidation of the New
Communities program;

m. Rural Housing and Economic Development grants specifically designed
originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act, Pub. L. 105-65, 111
Stat. 1344 and subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts;

n. Renewal Communities (RC), as authorized under Title 26, subtitle A, chapter
1, subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C.
1400E et seq.); 24 CFR part 599;

o. Youthbuild Program, Title IV, Subtitle D of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (repealed 2006);
24 CFR part 585; and Youthbuild Transfer Act (TA) as authorized under Title IV
of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended by the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, Pub. L. 102-550, 106 Stat. 3723
(1992) (repealed 2006); and

p. All programs consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs)
established pursuant to Title II of the Independent Offices Appropriations Act,
Pub. L. 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5),
including all authority of the Secretary with respect to functions,
administration, and management of the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs).

23. Suspensions, and/or limited denial of participations under 2 CFR part 2424
with the concurrence of the General Counsel, or such other official as may be
designed by the General Counsel.
Section B. Authority Excepted

There is excepted from the authority delegated under Section A:

1. The power to sue and be sued;

2. Under Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L.
93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.):

a. The power to administer the Indian Community Development Block Grant program,
for which the authority has been delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Public
and Indian Housing;

b. The power to administer section 107 programs delegated to the Assistant
Secretary for Policy Development and Research;

c. The power to issue obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the Treasury
under section 108(g) of the Housing and Community Development Act (42 U.S.C.
5308); and

d. The power and authority of the Secretary with respect tonondiscrimination
under section 109 may be exercised only with the advice of the Assistant
Secretary for Fair Housing Equal Opportunity.

3. Under the HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.), the power to administer grants
to Indian tribes, for which the authority has been delegated to the Assistant
Secretary for Public and Indian Housing.

4. For programs noted in Section A.22 of this delegation that are no longer
authorized for funding;

a. The power to establish interest rates; and

b. The power to issue notes or obligations for purchase by the Secretary of the
Treasury.

5. The authority delegated under Section A to the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary and General Deputy Assistant Secretary does not include the authority
to waive the following statutes:

a. The authority under annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts providing
Community Development Block Grant funding for disaster recovery (e.g.,
Pub.121212 L. 113-2) to waive, or specify alternative requirements for,
statutory requirements;

b. The authority under section 215(a)(6) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12745) to waive qualifying rents; and

c. The authority under section 858(b) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12906) to waive requirements for short-term
supported housing and services.
Section C. Authority to Redelegate

The Assistant Secretary, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development are
authorized to redelegate to employees of the Department any authority delegated
under Section A. Redelegated authority to

CPD Director, Assistant Secretaries or other CPD program officials does not
supersede the authority of the Assistant Secretary as designee of the Secretary.
The two existing redelegations published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38851 and 77
FR 38853 remain in effect.
Section D. Delegations Superseded

This notice supersedes all prior delegations of authority from the Secretary to
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, including the
delegation published on May 30, 2012 at 77 FR 31972.
Authority

Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C.
3535(d).
Dated: April 13, 2015.
Julián Castro,
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
[FR Doc. 2015-08949 Filed 4-17-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                  July 7, 2014

New Federal Charter Granted To First Unity FCU In Rural Mississippi

BYLINE: Marian Raab

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 5 Vol. 18 No. 24

LENGTH: 300  words


ALEXANDRIA, Va.-NCUA has approved a federal charter for First Unity FCU in
McComb, Miss.

First Unity is the second new federal credit union granted a charter this year
and the first new FCU in Mississippi since 1995.

"Residents and workers in three underserved rural counties in southwestern
Mississippi will certainly benefit from the affordable financial services First
Unity will be able to provide," said NCUA Board Chairman Debbie Matz. "I commend
all the people who worked so hard on First Unity's federal charter application.
This is an important investment in the people and the communities they will
serve."

First Unity, which plans to open in August, will primarily serve people who
live, work, worship, attend school and participate in associations located in
Pike, Walthall and Amite counties, which have a combined population of nearly
70,000.

First Union will be able to qualify for a low-income designation, according to
NCUA. The new CU plans to offer a full range of deposit products, as well as
unsecured and auto loans.

The low-income designation will allow the new CU to accept secondary capital and
non-member deposits, obtain grants and loans from NCUA's Community Development
Revolving Loan Fund and qualify for exemptions from statutory limits on member
business lending.

First Unity also plans to apply for Community Development FI status, providing
access to grant funding opportunities.

First Unity is being supported by 38 organizations and individuals in its
three-county area, including Anazia Medical Inc., which is providing cash,
secondary capital, furniture, equipment and in-kind support.

NCUA's Office of Small Credit Union Initiatives, which provided guidance to the
charter group throughout the chartering process, will continue to provide
assistance to the new institution.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                  July 8, 2001

Business: Business and Society: Inner-city funding: Venture on the urban
money-go-round: The chairman of the Social Investment Task Force looks at how
enterprise and wealth creation can transform blighted communities

BYLINE: SIR RONALD COHEN

SECTION: Observer Business Pages, Pg. 11

LENGTH: 985 words


AFTER a period of sustained growth, the UK enjoys more material wealth than ever
before. Yet, at the same time, poverty has become more concentrated and
inequality more marked.

Some of our poorest urban and rural areas have become no-go areas for
investment. But still they contain a strong core of entrepreneurs and the
potential for more to emerge. What is lacking is the capital and managerial
expertise to support them.

In April last year, the Social Investment Task Force, at the request of the
Chancellor, began work on an urgent but considered assessment of how we can
improve our capacity to create wealth, economic growth, and employment in our
poorest communities.

Such communities depend heavily on philanthropy and public money, whether in the
form of welfare payments or grants earmarked for community regeneration. This
money is vital for maintaining basic living standards, but on its own will never
be sufficient. In some circumstances, public money can even discourage or crowd
out private- sector investment.

The task force aims to generate a shift away from this culture of philanthropy,
paternalism and dependence towards one of empowerment, entrepreneurship and
initiative. Drives to stimulate community development through loans or equity
investment to small businesses are evident in some poor neighbourhoods. These
are known as community development finance institutions. However, large-scale
change cannot happen without additional significant private investment and
management expertise.

Enterprise and wealth creation are vital to building sustainable communities.
But underinvested communities are too often seen as areas with little economic
or business potential. Our research shows that such communities can offer many
opportunities for companies, banks and other investors.

Social investment, intended to achieve both social objectives and financial
returns, can work alongside conventional commercial finance and business to the
advantage of the whole community.

Last October, the task force made five proposals aimed a creating the conditions
for harnessing new investment to stimulate a vibrant, entrepreneurial community
development sector.

The Chancellor responded positively to our recommendations and progress is being
made in their implementation The recommendations are:

* A community investment tax credit to encourage private investment in community
development. The resulting investment of pounds 1 billion over the programme
duration would be invested in both profit-seeking and not-for-profit enterprises
in underinvested communities. A Treasury consultation process on the proposed
tax credit ended on 2 July. If approved, the tax credit is expected to come into
force in 2002.

* Community development venture funds. We suggested a matched funding
partnership between the Government and the venture-capital industry,
entrepreneurs, institutional investors and banks to invest in growth companies
in underinvested areas. Initially, we suggested that pounds 100 million be made
avail able by the Government on attractive terms to match funding from the
private sector. The first community development venture fund is being raised. We
expect to see it firmly established by the spring of 2002.

* Disclosure of individual bank lending activities in underinvested communities.
This should if possible be done on a voluntary basis; if not forthcoming,
legislation should require disclosure. The British Banking Association is taking
steps to create a standard format for disclosure.

* More encouragement for charitable trusts and foundations to invest in
community development initiatives, even where these include a significant
for-profit element. The Charity Commission recently published important new
guidance on programme-related invest ment explaining how charities and
foundations can release additional social value from funding by using loans and
investments to complement, or in some cases replace, grants.

This new guidance is already stimulating considerable debate and a number of
charities and funds are exploring new social investment programmes. The Charity
Commission intends to publish another new piece of guidance in the autumn,
focusing on the charitable aspects of community finance.

* Support for community development financial institutions, including community
development banks, community loan funds, micro-loan funds and community
development venture funds. This requires action by the Government and its
agencies, the private sector and the voluntary sector. A trade association is
likely to be established by the end of 2001 to represent the interests of
community institutions. Alongside this initiative, the Local Investment Fund and
the Housing Finance Corporation have revitalised their plans to investigate
setting up a wholesale intermediary.

A conference, 'Money for Change', will take place in Birmingham this week,
designed to disseminate good practice, allow delegates to learn from the
experience of others and bring them up to date with the latest techniques and
policies. More than 200 delegates are expected, including practitioners, policy
makers, investors and academics.

By the end of this year, we should have seen real progress. I do not anticipate
that our initiatives, as they come to implementation, will deliver immediate
results in reversing the downward spiral of underinvestment.

But my experience in venture-capital investment, which is investment for the
long term, says that it can be done over time, if these initiatives are
successfully implemented. Entrepreneurs within these communities, given the
benefit of equity investment and access to sufficient management support, will
eventually play a major role in reversing the spiral.

Sir Ronald Cohen is chairman of the Social Investment Task Force and executive
chairman of Apax Partners.


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                November 6, 1995

LISC & FHLBs Provide CDC Rural Funds

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: Washington


The Local Initiatives Support Corp. here has formed a public/private partnership
that will provide $ 302 million in grants and loans to help revive rural
communities.

Roughly $ 200 million of the funds will come from the Federal Home Loan Bank
System through its bank and thrift members.

A Federal Housing Finance Board official said last week that TCF Bank FSB,
Minneapolis, already has at least one deal lined up as part of the program.  TCF
is a member of the FHLB-Des Moines.

Participating FHLBs and their members will lend money in the form of community
investment program (CIP) advances.

Disbursed over the next four years, the money will be funneled to 68 nonprofit,
self-help organizations in 39 states and Puerto Rico.  Specifically, the money
will be used by community development corporation, (CDCs) to develop affordable
housing, commercial buildings and community facilities.

Under the program 400 nonprofits in rural areas will gain access to an
electronic computer network, giving them online information and other services.

LISC says this will, "help them break out of the isolation of their remote
locations."

In a statement FHFB chairman Bruce Morrison said the investment, "will put rural
developments and community improvement at the heart of our lending portfolios as
part of our ongoing community reinvestment activities."

LISC says it is the nation's largest community development "support entity,"
raising $ 400 million each year for affordable housing and related projects.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1995 Faulkner & Gray


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 14, 1983, Thursday, Final Edition

$17.6 Billion Is Voted for Housing Plan

BYLINE: By Albert B. Crenshaw, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; C12

LENGTH: 428 words


The Senate Banking Committee approved a $17.6 billion housing and community
development authorization bill yesterday that would put the government back into
the production of housing for the non-elderly poor.

The measure would also set up a Public Housing Accreditation Commission within
the Department of Housing and Urban Development to provide peer review and
pressure on housing authorities to operate more efficiently.

Conspicuously absent from the bill, however, are some of the administration's
most controversial housing assistance initiatives, including its proposals to
overhaul the way public housing authorities are subsidized and to change the way
it calculates the subsidy--or fair market rent--it will pay for poor people who
rent in the private market.

The committee completed its mark-up in an unusually brief 2 1/2-hour session,
reflecting what committee sources said was an immense amount of
behind-the-scenes negotiation to iron out differences among members in advance.
As a result, these sources said, the bill enjoys bipartisan support.

Cushing N. Dolbeare, of the Low Income Housing Coalition, which lobbied against
many of the administration's proposals, called the bill "a constructive piece of
legislation."

Of the $17.6 billion in budget authority in the bill, the largest share, $7.6
billion, would go to various housing assistance programs, such as the Section 8
subsidies for existing housing. Other major authorizations:

* $4 billion for community development, including three-year reauthorizations of
the urban Development Action Grant and Community Development Block Grant
programs.

* $3.6 billion for rural housing.

* $1.5 billion for operating subsidies for public housing authorities.

* $850 million for rental rehabilitation and production grants. Included in this
provision is $300 million to build new low-income housing. Though the amount is
not large compared to programs of the past, it would put the government back in
the production field for the first time since the expiration of funding for the
Section 8 production program last year.

* $750 million to make emergency loans to homeowners faced with loss of their
property through foreclosure.

Although the bill was sent to the floor, the committee agreed to hold additional
hearings on this last provision and on secondary mortgage market issues. After
those hearings, scheduled for the end of the month, the panel can send to the
floor a "committee amendment" dealing with these questions, which would be
considered at the same time as the bill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday

Broken promises cripple rural development hopes

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 732 words


It happened again the other week at a local public forum on agriculture. The
panel of speakers included me, two farmers and an Illinois Farm Bureau
economist.

After the formal yakking concluded -- yakking that I, the keynoter, contributed
mightily to -- an audience member wondered if farmers might better be able to
leave the overproduction-federal subsidy treadmill if they marketed more "whole"
food directly to consumers.

"After all," he surmised, "almost everyone wants to buy more wholesome food for
themselves and their families."

Both farmers on the panel agreed immediately; each wanted more "farmer" presence
in the consumer market. One explained how he had invested some of his farm's
profits in a farmer-owned pork processing plant to do exactly that.

"But it's tough. It takes big bucks to challenge the big packers at their game,"
he correctly noted.

My reply to the question was twofold.

First, I joked, when two or more farmers gather anytime, the first thing they
want to do is pour concrete -- build something.

While that's understandable, given the almost blind love most farm groups have
with "supply chains, processing and added value," a producer's skill lies in
producing, not processing.

Moreover, I added, the rapid consolidation of ag processing and food retailing
has made the ADMs and Wal-Marts almost bulletproof to nearly every competitor.

For proof, simply count the shuttered buildings -- every one is a broken dream
-- of former small retailers and farmer-processors littering small-town America.

But, and secondly, Ben & Jerry made it. Cabot Creamery made it. In short, it can
be done. However, if it's to be done, I advised, farmers and ranchers need the
same advantages the big boys enjoy: federal help like tax breaks and credit
programs as well as marketing and management assistance.

All, however, are in short supply today for any hopeful farmer-food marketer.
Worse, if the 2006 budget offered by the White House in February becomes law,
that tiny puddle virtually dries up.

According to research compiled by the Center for Rural Affairs (CFRA) in
Walthill, Neb., 13 USDA rural development programs relied upon by farm and rural
enterprises will see their 2006 funding cut to the bone. Seven of the 13
programs will see their bones broken -- zeroed out entirely.

That means there is not one penny in the Bush budget for the Rural Strategic
Investment Program, a $100 million effort in fiscal year 2005. Also eliminated
(compared to 2005 appropriations) will be the $6.3 million Rural Community
Development Initiative Grants program, the nearly $40 million in Rural Business
Enterprise grants, $12.5 million in Rural Enterprise money and $3 million for
the Rural Business Opportunity grant program.

What's more, the lucky 2006 USDA Rural Development survivors in the Bush plan
will be on life support.

For example, the $74.2 million Rural Business Cooperative program will be cut 40
percent to $44.2 million. The Resource Conservation and Development Program will
take a 50 percent hit, down from $51.6 million to $25.6 million, and the $22
million Rural Economic Partnership Program will drop to $13.3 million.

According to CFRA's analysis, these cuts, when combined with previous cuts
imposed by the White House and Congress, mean rural development money contained
in the 2002 farm bill will have fallen from a promised $321 million annually to
just $129 million.

It also means that during the life of the current farm bill, $1.6 billion in
rural development money -- $1.6 billion "to address rural poverty, rural
business and job creation, rural community development, and rural depopulation,"
notes CFAR -- simply vanishes.

To where? Partly to fund the $970 billion inheritance tax break that only 2
percent of all Americans would ever pay and the $106 billion capital gains and
dividend tax breaks the House now proposes for millionaires.

It's shameful, short-sighted lunacy, I told the audience, and most is supported
by farm groups whose guiding rural development principle is little more than
complete capitulation to giant agribusiness, their partners in chaining eager,
idea-laden farmers and ranchers to the global status quo rather than tomorrow's
new markets.

The room went very quiet very quickly.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist who writes weekly for The Pantagraph. He
lives in Delavan. His e-mail address is agcomm@sbcglobal.net

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

The broken promises of rural development

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT, FOR THE LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: H; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 730 words


It happened at a local public forum on agriculture. The panel of speakers
included me, two farmers and a state Farm Bureau economist.

After the formal yakking concluded - yakking that I, the keynoter, contributed
mightily to - a questioner in the audience wondered if farmers might better be
able to leave the overproduction-federal subsidy treadmill if they marketed more
"whole" food directly to consumers.

"After all," he suggested, "almost everyone wants to buy more wholesome food for
themselves and their families."

Both farmers on the panel agreed immediately; each wanted more "farmer" presence
in the consumer market. One explained how he had invested some of his farm's
profits in a farmer-owned pork processing plant to do exactly that.

"But it's tough. It takes big bucks to challenge the big packers at their game,"
he correctly noted.

My reply to the question was two-fold.

First, I joked, when two or more farmers gather anytime the first thing they
want to do is pour concrete: build something.

While that's understandable, given the almost blind love most farm groups have
with "supply chains, processing and added value," a producer's skill lies in
producing, not processing.

Moreover, I added, the rapid consolidation of ag processing and food retailing
has made the ADMs and Wal-Marts almost bulletproof to nearly every competitor.

For proof, simply count the shuttered buildings - every one is a broken dream -
of former small retailers and farmer-processors littering small town America.

But then, and secondly, Ben & Jerry made it; Cabot Creamery made it. In short,
it can be done. But if it's to be done, I advised, farmers and ranchers need the
same advantages that the big boys enjoy: federal help like tax breaks and credit
programs as well as marketing and management assistance.

All, however, are in short supply today for any hopeful farmer-food marketer.
Worse, if the 2006 budget offered by the White House in February becomes law,
that tiny puddle virtually dries up.

According to research compiled by the Center for Rural Affairs in Walthill, 13
USDA Rural Development programs relied upon by farm and rural enterprises will
see their 2006 funding cut to the bone. Seven of the 13 programs will see their
bones broken - zeroed out entirely.

That means there is not one penny in the Bush budget for the Rural Strategic
Investment Program, a $100 million effort in fiscal year 2005. Also eliminated
(compared to 2005 appropriations) will be the $6.3 million Rural Community
Development Initiative Grants program, the nearly $40 million in Rural Business
Enterprise Grants, $12.5 million in Rural Enterprise monies, and $3 million for
the Rural Business Opportunity Grant program.

What's more, the lucky 2006 USDA Rural Development survivors in the Bush plan
will be on life support.

For example, the $74.2 million Rural Business Cooperative program will be cut 40
percent to $44.2 million. The Resource Conservation and Development Program will
take a 50 percent hit, down from $51.6 million to $25.6 million, and the $22
million Rural Economic Partnership Program will drop to $13.3 million.

According to the Center for Rural Affairs' analysis, these cuts, when combined
with previous cuts imposed by the White House and Congress, mean rural
development money contained in the 2002 Farm Bill will have fallen from a
promised $321 million annually to just $129 million.

It also means that during the life of the current Farm Bill, $1.6 billion in
rural development money - $1.6 billion "to address rural poverty, rural business
and job creation, rural community development, and rural depopulation," notes
the center - simply vanishes.

To where? Partly to pay for the $970 billion inheritance tax break that only 2
percent of all Americans would ever pay and the $106 billion capital gains and
dividend tax breaks the House now proposes for others.

It's shameful, short-sighted lunacy, I told the audience, and most of it is
supported by farm groups whose guiding rural development principle is little
more than complete capitulation to giant agribusiness, their partners in
chaining eager, idea-laden farmers and ranchers to the global status quo rather
than tomorrow's new markets.

The room went very quiet very quickly.

Alan Guebert is a freelance agricultural journalist. He can be reached at
agcomm@sbcglobal.net or Alan Guebert, 502 W. Fourth St., Delavan, IL  61734.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Alan Guebert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 13, 1994, Wednesday, Final Edition

Communities Compete for Revitalization

Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 431 words


The Clinton administration yesterday announced that 519 communities from around
the country have applied for 104 spots in its new empowerment zone program.

Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros described the $ 3.5
billion community development initiative as "the culmination of a promise to
listen to communities about what they need to revitalize themselves." He said a
100-person, multiagency team would evaluate the applications and announce the
winners by the end of the year.

The plan, first advanced by President Clinton in May 1993, creates "empowerment
zones" in six urban and three rural areas. The zones together will receive $ 2.5
billion in tax incentives. In addition, each urban zone winner will get up to $
100 million in grants, while each rural area will get up to $ 40 million.

The plan also creates 60 urban and 35 rural "enterprise communities," to receive
individual grants worth up to $ 3 million. The administration has made it clear
that these communities will have easier access to other funding, thus making the
program more attractive.

The District has applied for designation as an empowerment zone, as have
Baltimore, Richmond, Norfolk and Hampton, Va. Hagerstown, Md., has applied as an
enterprise community, along with Danville, Lynchburg, Nassawadox, Portsmouth,
Radford, Roanoke and Suffolk, in Virginia.

Speaking at a news conference, Cisneros and Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy
stressed that the plan had been designed so communities would use the
application process to think about economic development.

"We are not telling these communities what kind of community to have," Espy
said. "They are telling us what kind of communities they want to have."

Under rules published in January, applicants had until June 30 to develop a
comprehensive plan to revitalize run-down urban areas and impoverished rural
communities. Applicants were to describe in detail how they would use the funds
for both economic and social initiatives.

Cisneros said the applications will be evaluated by teams of bureaucrats
assembled from various agencies. Urban recommendations will be forwarded to the
Department of Housing and Urban Development and rural recommendations will go to
the Agriculture Department for final evaluation.

Cisneros said an application from Louisiana's Monroe/Ouachita Parish stood five
feet tall, while an application from Memphis arrived accompanied by a wooden
treasure chest with chocolate doubloons inside.

"Don't read anything into that," Cisneros said. "There are no points for
imaginative packaging."

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Center for Engagement and Community Development

LENGTH: 1749  words

DATELINE: Manhattan


Kansas State University has issued the following news release:

"Engagement is a form of research, teaching or service in which collaborative
efforts between university and community stakeholders result in scholarly
activity and community benefit around a public issue."

David E. Procter, Director of CECD
K-State Receives USDA Research Grant to Advance Work with the Rural Grocery
Initiative.

Kansas State University has been awarded a $500,000 grant from the USDA to
address the economic and nutritional challenges faced by rural communities.  The
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) just announced more than $12 million in grants to support
research, education and Extension activities aimed at increasing prosperity and
economic security for farmers, ranchers, entrepreneurs and consumers across the
nation. The grant awarded to Kansas State University is directed by Dr. David
Procter, Center for Engagement and Community Development.  K-State co-project
directors include Dr. Hikaru Peterson, Agricultural Economics; Dr. Sandra
Procter, Human Nutrition Extension; Dr. Dan Kahl, Community Development
Extension; and Dr. Kathryn Draeger, University of Minnesota Extension.  Industry
partners include Affiliated Foods Midwest and NuVal, LLC.
National speakers highlight K-State Engagement Symposium

Four national thought leaders in engagement spoke at this year's Kansas State
University Engagement Symposium on April 7, 2014. The 2014 Engagement Symposium
focused on "The Centrality of Engagement in Higher Education: Integrating
Engagement across the University."  The panelists explored engaged work from all
mission areas of university work including research, teaching, and
outreach/Extension. In addition to bringing together national engagement voices,
K-State faculty and staff also highlighted their work.

Panel Discussion with National Engagement Leaders

Speaker Bios

Extension's Engagement Mission
Dr. Lou Swanson, Vice President for Engagement, Director of Colorado State
University Extension

PowerPoint Slides
    Video recording

University Engagement as Scholarly Activity
Dr. Hiram Fitzgerald, Associate Provost for University Outreach and Engagement,
Michigan State University

PowerPoint Slides
    Video recording

Learning Engagement as a Foundational University Mission
Dr. Seth Pollack, Faculty Director of the Service Learning Institute, California
State University, Monterey Bay

PowerPoint Slides
    Video recording

The Metrics of Engagement and Reporting Engagement Impacts to External Audiences

Dr. Valerie Paton, former Vice Provost of Texas Tech University

PowerPoint Slides
    Video recording


Biosecurity Research Institute teams with Mercy Regional Health Center

When diagnosing most patients, Dr. Francis Koopman believes "when you hear
hoofbeats, look for horses." But when it comes to certain patients, like those
from Kansas State University's Biosecurity Research Institute, his team "looks
for zebras." The BRI researches many significant zoonotic pathogens that could
spread from animals to humans. Swine flu, yellow fever, tularemia, rift valley
fever, anthrax and even plague are all studied in the building. Mercy Regional
Health Center performs special health surveillance for uncommon diseases as part
of a medical partnership that keeps zoonotic research safe for the scientists
and the community.
Sociology students study rural communities and challenges they face

Matthew Sanderson, associate professor of sociology, asks his rural sociology
students on the first day of class, "What in rural Kansas is worth saving?" Some
say their families or their farms. The majority are silent. Rural communities
are facing challenges such as decline of small businesses and loss of young
people to more urban areas. Sanderson teaches the rural sociology class every
fall semester, and each year more students say they do not plan to return to the
rural towns in which they lived.
Manhattan Experimental Theater Workshop is subject of documentary

In 1989, Jim Hamilton's son and daughter asked if he would teach a directing
class. The K-State philosophy professor stepped up to the challenge and created
the five-week Manhattan Experimental Theater Workshop (MXTW), held every summer
at the Manhattan Arts Center. Twenty-five years later, the workshop is so
successful it recently became the subject of a documentary, "Dreaming in Flames:
Theater."
Military Partnership

Kansas State University and U. S. Army Fort Riley renewed their partnership for
the fourth year in 2013. This agreement strengthens the ties that military
students have to civilian life and makes K-State one of the most military
inclusive universities in the country. The partnership advocates a
"whole-of-university" approach with nine specific categories: connection and
stewardship of military alumni, military student success, outreach programs,
cultural events, athletics and arts programs, military community relations,
scholarship, military research, and support for faculty and teaching staff.
K-State and Wichita Downtown Development Corporation collaborate to revitalize
city center

Wichita Downtown Development Corporation (WDDC) approached a group of Kansas
State College of Architecture, Planning and Design students about revitalizing
key parts of their city center. These "catalyst sites" are publicly owned and
the city believed that their redevelopment could attract more people and
businesses to the area.
Earthworms Across Kansas

There are 170 species of earthworms in North America, but very little
information on where each species can be found. Invasive species have taken over
the natural environment of some native worms. Human development has forced worms
to move or adapt to living along sidewalks and in yards. The data was incomplete
and general at best.
Beach Museum of Art promotes early childhood art education

Art SmartTen years ago, the Marianna Kistler Beach Museum of Art received a
grant from the Kansas Art Commission to promote early childhood art education.
This allowed them to consolidate the few classes they had under a new
initiative: ArtSmart!, a program dedicated to teaching children about the
composition and making of art. Classes are held weekly during the summer and
during school breaks. According to Kathrine Schlageck, senior educator at the
museum, the groups maintain a stable base of returning students.

Students collaborate with state environmental agency to reduce soil nitrates

Kansas State University Department of Agronomy and Department of Geology
students are working together with the Kansas Department of Health and
Environment (KDHE) to clean up a plot of land contaminated by nitrates in Sylvan
Grove, Kan. This two-acre plot of land has been tested and monitored by two
classes of Kansas State University students since 2011.
Welcome our fall 2013 interns

This fall we welcome our five interns, Haley Acker, social media; Jennifer
Butler, Rural Grocery project coordinator; Logan Falletti, writing and research;
Jared Wasinger, media; and Katy Weidner, events.
Dr. Clayton speaks at the Leadership Studies Building to promote an engaged
K-State

Dr. Clayton is a senior scholar at the Center for Service and Learning at
Indiana University- Purdue University, Indianapolis. She is a visiting scholar
with the Institute for Community and Economic Development, University of North
Carolina at Greensboro and she is a Visiting Fellow with the New England
Resource Center for Higher Education.

Please join Dr. Clayton in Town Hall of the Leadership Studies Building to
discuss how Kansas State University can continue edging toward a more engaged
process of teaching and learning. There will be a reception with Dr. Clayton
following the event in the School of Leadership Studies.
Eureka! Town + gown = fresh ideas for Kansas communities

Todd Gabbard, an associate professor of architecture, invited local development
groups to collaborate with his students, all Kansas State University Master of
Architecture candidates, for a fresh look at challenges and opportunities in
their communities.  The idea sparked interest among several communities,
including Colby, Cuba and Eureka.
Engagement Incentive Grant Award Winners | Spring 2013

The Office of the Provost and the Center for Engagement and Community
Development (CECD) are excited to announce that we are awarding five engagement
incentive grants for spring 2013. We had outstanding applications from a variety
of academic disciplines and wish all of the applicants the best of luck in their
future engagement endeavors.

Click here to view our five funded proposals.
K-State Excellence in Engagement Award Winners announced

K-State is pleased to announce the 2013 Excellence in Engagement Award Winners.

Advancing Child Nutrition Programs in Kansas by Kevin Sauer
    Parks for the People: National Park Service National Historic Site at
Nicodemus, KS by La Barbara James Wigfall, Josh Cheek, and Dede Brokesh

From classroom to community: Multi-Disciplinary Team participates in National
Parks Competition

Nicodemus, Kan. may have been founded nearly 140 years ago, but for a group of
students, faculty and staff at Kansas State University, this historical site is
far from old news. Instead, it has resembled a new opportunity.

Continue reading »
Kansas Department of Education's Division of Child Nutrition and Wellness,
K-State's Department of Hospitality Management and Dietetics Recognized for
collaboration on child nutrition

The Office of the Provost and the Center for Engagement and Community
Development are happy to recognize Advancing Child Nutrition Programs in Kansas
as one of two winners of the 2013 Excellence in Engagement Award. The program's
collaboration between Kansas State University's Department of Hospitality
Management and Dietetics and the Kansas Department of Education's Child
Nutrition and Wellness team seeks to improve child nutrition programs in schools
across Kansas.

Continue reading »
K-State recognized by the Carnegie Foundation as a Community-Engaged University

Kansas State University was awarded the 2010 Community Engagement Classification
from the prestigious Carnegie Foundation. This elective classification is given
to institutions where teaching, learning, and scholarship engage faculty,
students, and community. In addition, Carnegie looks for a mutually beneficial
exchange, exploration, and application of knowledge, information, and resources.

For more information please visit: http://www.k-state.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           August 29, 2012 Wednesday

Official: Smart Code a key to sustainable communities

BYLINE: BEN JACOBSON TH staff writer ben.jacobson@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 409 words


Dubuque County's first Rural Model Smart Code could provide a blueprint for
sustainable communities, according to Zoning Administrator Anna O'Shea. County
planning and zoning officials, along with representatives from "pilot
communities" Bankston, Durango and Sageville, spent the summer developing the
code. It suggests ordinance changes that promote positive, long-term growth
practices.

"It just gives you some ideas of things you can do for sustainability," O'Shea
told the Dubuque County Board of Supervisors in a work session Monday. The
project was funded by a $30,000 Community Development Block Grant. The pilot
communities met demographic eligibility requirements for the grant, making them
ideal subjects for the process, O'Shea said. A technical committee was formed
with representatives from each of the cities, along with county zoning and
planning officials. Over the past several months, committee members learned
about planning techniques, practices and terms from experts and discussed ways
smart growth principles could be implemented locally. "The code is kind of a
conglomeration of all the meetings we had and the discussions we had," O'Shea
said. The code's implementation plan defines it as a "hybrid, form-based zoning
code," meaning that if adopted, the physical form and appearance of an
environment would be highly valued, whereas traditional zoning rules are more
concerned with a separation of uses. Public input played an important role
throughout the process as well, O'Shea said. Questions and comments gathered
through two public meetings and other interactions with community members helped
shape specific aspects of the code. "We received good input," O'Shea said. "A
lot of questions, usually. "¦ We tried to answer their questions and amend some
of the ordinances to reflect some of their concerns." As it is outlined, the
Rural Model Smart Code will likely never be fully adopted due to the
complexities of having to be adjusted for every zoning situation. But O'Shea
said it could serve as a template for development or to launch future
sustainability initiatives. "If we want to use it, we can, but we have to
recalibrate it for a specific area," she said. Though grant stipulations require
that the code be approved by all three pilot communities and the county
supervisors, O'Shea indicated that work on sustainability initiatives will
continue. "We're not really sure how the final product will end up," she said.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

USDA seeks apps to spur job creation, economic growth

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


WASHINGTON, DC - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is
seeking applications for grants to help rural businesses create jobs and spur
economic development.

"This funding is part of the Obama administration's commitment to using existing
federal resources to foster regional innovation, create sustainable jobs and
help ensure long-term prosperity," Vilsack said. "The funding will speed up job
creation and new business start-ups and expansions by building regional economic
systems in rural areas."

USDA Rural Development plans to award up to $8.6 million through the Rural
Community Development Initiative program. Applications are sought for projects
that:

Provide technical assistance to improve the capacity of local organizations to
complete successful housing, economic development and community facilities
projects;

Help recipients complete pre-development requirements - such as architectural
and engineering plans;

Help development organizations improve their board operations, management and
knowledge of financial and information technology systems;

Provide homeownership education or training for entrepreneurs.

When told of the availability of this funding, USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner said, "In these challenging times, when America is facing
tough competition from around the globe, we need to up our game. And that is why
USDA is providing this type of funding which in the long run will create jobs
and revitalize New Mexico's economy."

Part of the RCDI funds to be awarded may be used for projects associated with
the Rural Jobs and Innovation Accelerator Challenge, which was announced on
March 8, 2012. This initiative was designed by the Taskforce for the Advancement
of Regional Innovation Clusters and the White House Rural Council. Secretary
Vilsack chairs the Council. The Jobs Accelerator is being funded by USDA, the
U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration, the Delta
Regional Authority and the Appalachian Regional Commission.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is May 9, 2012. Applications must
be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the applicant's
headquarters are located. A list of these offices is available on the USDA Rural
Development website. For more information, see the March 21 Federal Register.

The deadline to apply for RCDI funding for Rural Jobs and Innovation Accelerator
projects is May 9, 2012. For more information on how to apply, please visit
Grants.gov. Applications for Jobs Accelerator projects must be submitted to both
USDA and the EDA.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council -chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack - the President wants the federal government to be the
best possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs and for people who
want to live, work and raise their families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices.

Rural Development has an active portfolio of more than $165 billion in
affordable loans and loan guarantees.

These programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This funding is part of the Obama administration's commitment to using
existing federal resources to foster regional innovation, create sustainable
jobs and help ensure long-term prosperity. Secretary Tom Vilsack, US Dept. of
Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                November 3, 2006

LENGTH: 916  words


Time Warner Telecom acquires Xspedius Time Warner Telecom has completed a deal
to acquire Xspedius Communications, which has a sales office in Colorado Springs
with 10 employees. The acquisition is not expected to affect the number of local
sales jobs. Xspedius is a privately held company which provides
telecommunications services to businesses across the United States. Under the
terms of the agreement, Time Warner Telecom will purchase Xspedius for $531.5
million, which includes $212.5 million in cash and $319 million in shares of
Time Warner Telecom's Class A Common Stock. The company will assume no debt in
the acquisition. Xspedius provides ethernet, local and long distance voice, data
and dedicated Internet access services to 43 markets in 18 states. The
acquisition increases Time Warner Telecom's service reach to 75 markets.

Nominations sought for small business advocate The National Small Business
Association is seeking nominations for its 2007 Small Business Advocate of the
Year. Applicants must demonstrate a commitment to small business advocacy, a
proven history of voluntary efforts and endeavors to advance small business and
improve the conditions for small business owners, success and growth as a small
business owner and any other accomplishments demonstrating merit as an effective
advocate for small business interests. Applicants also must be small business
owners and are permitted to nominate themselves. An application form is
available at nsba.biz/award. The deadline to apply is Nov. 17. Send nominations
to Rob Yunich, Small Business Advocate of the Year Award, National Small
Business Association, 1156 15th St. NW, Suite 1100, Washington, D.C. 20005-1755.

Barnstorm acquires Diamond Graphic Source Barnstorm Creative has acquired
Diamond Graphic Source of Florissant and will take over service of the company's
existing client base. Barnstorm also has received three international and one
national industry awards recognizing corporate identity and branding for its
work with ERA Shields.

SBA launches new markets lending initiative The U.S. Small Business
Administration has launched a pilot program to provide financial assistance to
small business in economically distressed urban and rural areas, or "new
markets," that need the economic attention to get communities back on their
feet. The initiative provides incentives for commercial lenders and local
development organizations to make more SBA-guaranteed loans in these
communities. The New Markets Lending Initiative will help small businesses by
enabling Community Development Entities to combine the benefits of the New
Markets Tax Credit Program and SBA-guaranteed loans to provide inner-city and
rural small business owners and entrepreneurs greater access to financing and
business training. The program permits investors to receive credits on their
federal taxes of up to 39 percent of investments made in Community Development
Entities and waives a regulation that limits an SBA lenders ability to sell any
portion of an SBA guaranteed loan to anyone other and an SBA lender. The waiver
allows CDEs with New Market Tax Credit allocations to purchase up to 90 percent
of SBA Express or Community Express 7(a) loans up to $150,000 made to NMTC
"qualified" businesses in low-income communities.

Casino revenue rises in September Colorado casinos produced $69.7 million in
adjusted gross proceeds (AGP) in September, a 1.5 percent increase from $68.7
million in AGP in August and a 9.6 percent increase from $63.6 million a year
earlier. AGP is most simply defined as the amount wagered by bettors less
payouts from casinos. Black Hawk's 21 casinos generated $48.6 million, up from
48.1 million in August and $44.6 million in September 2005. Cripple Creek's 19
casinos totaled $14 million, higher than $13.4 million in August and $13.3
million the previous September. Central City's seven casinos earned $7 million,
down from $7.1 million the previous month, but up 24.7 percent from $5.6 million
in September 2005. Casinos statewide paid $8.3 million in gaming taxes in
September, up from $5.9 million in August.

Applications for drought assistance being taken The Colorado Department of
Agriculture is accepting grant applications through Nov. 17 for drought
assistance in 24 eastern Colorado counties. Cattle and sheep producers in Baca,
Bent, Cheyenne, Crowely, Custer, Elbert El Paso, Fremont, Huerfano, Kiowa, Kit
Carson, Larimer, Las Animas, Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Otero, Philips, Prowers,
Pueblo, Sedgwick, Washington, Weld and Yuma counties are eligible. To qualify,
owners of foundation breeding herds of cattle and sheep must be able to
demonstrate drought-incurred expenses, such as costs of hauling water, acquiring
additional pasture, purchase of hay or other forage, etc. No more than $10,000
will be awarded to any eligible herd owner. Foundation herds consist of breeding
and replacement cows and bulls, ewes and rams. Foundation breeding herds do not
include cattle under the age of 2 and sheep under the age of 1. To apply,
livestock owners should visit www.ag.state.co.us and go to the Livestock
Assistance Grants page to download the application forms, which also are
available at USDA Farm Services Agency offices and Colorado State University
Cooperative Extension offices. Completed forms should be mailed to the Colorado
Department of Agriculture, Livestock Assistance Grant Program, 700 Kipling St.,
Suite 4000, Lakewood, CO 80215. For more information, call (303) 239-4187.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

ECIA receives grant for training institute

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 150 words


East Central Intergovernmental Association has received a $150,000 grant to
establish a government training institute.

The United States Department of Agriculture, through its Rural Community
Development Initiative program, awarded the grant, according to a news release.

This project is the result of the expressed interest of low-income rural
government leaders and economic development organizations in the ECIA region -
Clinton, Cedar, Delaware, Dubuque, Jackson and Jones counties.

The institute will be comprised of four modules - group trainings, one-on-one
training, idea-sharing meetings and a data dashboard. Each entails a different
form of technical assistance, but all focus on improving the capacity of
low-income rural government leaders and economic development organizations so
they can adequately use available resources to improve the quality of life for
residents and business leaders.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Crewe Guardian

                            December 16, 2007 Sunday

Cash is on offer to help fund youth projects

BYLINE: Staff reporter

SECTION: LATEST NEWS (CREWE NEWS)

LENGTH: 234 words


A £20,000 Christmas windfall is up for grabs to organisations working with young
people in rural areas of Nantwich.

The Rural Youth Grant aims to develop projects that bring long-term benefits to
those aged between 10 and 18.

Clubs, voluntary youth groups and charities can apply for up to £5,000 under the
scheme, funded by Rural Enterprise.

Gaynor Bowen-Jones, Cheshire County Council's Rural Development Officer, who is
administering the grant for Rural Enterprise, said dozens of projects had
already benefited from grant support.

She urged groups to act quickly before the funding deadline runs out in January.

"The projects we've supported are a striking example of what can be achieved
through community development and the commitment of our young people," she said.

Schemes that have already benefited from funding support include a skate park, a
youth brass band, and a youth centre.

Nicola Lavin, Programme Director of Rural Enterprise, said grant applications
should show good value for money and preferably sustainable benefits for young
people.

"The successful bids will involve initiatives which benefit a wide range of
young people or a group of young people," she added.

For an application form, please contact Gaynor Bowen-Jones, Cheshire County
Council Rural Development Officer, Room 268 County Hall, Riverside, Chester. CH1
1SF. Telephone 01244 603373 or Email: gaynor.bowen-jones@cheshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) Inviting Applications for the Rural
Community Development Initiative (RCDI) for Fiscal Year 2013

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Action

Notice; Correction.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service published a document in the Federal Register on August
14, 2013, announcing the availability of $5,676,077 for competitive grant funds
for the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program. This action is
taken to correct the Rural Development State Office contact information.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49451, in the second column, the Rural Development Arizona State Office phone
number should read (602) 280-8745.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49451, in the third column, the Rural Development Florida State Office phone
number should read (352) 338-3440.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49451, in the third column, the Rural Development Georgia State Office phone
number should read (706) 546-2171.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49451, in the third column, the Rural Development Illinois State Office TDD
phone number was removed.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49451, in the third column, the listing for the Rural Development Maine State
Office, address to contact should read:

Maine State Office, 967 Illinois Avenue, Suite 4, Bangor, ME 04401-2767, (207)
990-9124, TDD (207) 942-7331; Ron Lambert
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49452, in the first column, the Rural Development New York State Office phone
number should read (315) 477-6429.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49452, in the first column, the listing for the Rural Development Oklahoma State
Office, address to contact should read:

Oklahoma State Office, 3001 Azalea Park Drive, Muskogee, OK 74401, (918)
682-8831, TDD (405) 742-1007, Jerry Efurd
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49452, in the first and second columns, the listing for the Rural Development
Vermont State Office, address to contact should read:

Vermont State Office, 87 State Street, Suite 324, P.O. Box 249, Montpelier, VT
05601-0249, (802) 828-6033, TDD (802) 223-6365, Rhonda Shippee
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49452, in the second column, the Rural Development Virginia State Office phone
number should read (804) 287-1557.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of August 14, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-19773, on page
49452, in the second column, the listing for the Rural Development Wisconsin
State Office, address to contact should read:

Wisconsin State Office, 5417 Clem's Way, Stevens Point, WI 54482, (715)
345-7615, TDD (715) 345-7610, Brian Deaner

Table of Contents Back to Top

Correction
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction

Dated: August 22, 2013.

Richard A. Davis,

Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Create Jobs, Economic Opportunity in
Rural Areas

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants that will be awarded to
organizations to help rural businesses create jobs and spur economic
development. USDA is making $5.6 million available through the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI), a program that generates economic activity in
rural areas.

"This funding will help local and regional organizations as they assist small
and emerging businesses," Vilsack said. "The Obama Administration recognizes
small businesses as the engines of job creation and essential to strengthening
our national economy."

Strengthening the rural economy remains a main focus of USDA, despite budget
uncertainties. Qualified intermediary organizations receiving the grants will
provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop their
capacity to undertake housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development projects. Recipients will be non-profit organizations, low income
rural communities, or federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations
must provide matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. Funds are not
directly provided to business recipients by USDA under the program.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                                 June 20, 2001

Rural cash boost

SECTION: News:People:Issues, Pg.4

LENGTH: 191 words


ORGANISATIONS in North Lincolnshire in need of cash for community development
projects in rural areas could be in luck.

The Carnegie UK Trust has announced it has more than GBP 1-million pounds up for
grabs over the next five years.

It is looking to award grants of up to GBP 10,000 for imaginative schemes and
groundbreaking ideas which will energise and revitalise villages and rural
communities.

A spokesman said: "They could be anything from setting up a business, to
marketing local produce to establishing a cybervillage.

"The new initiative is the result of the Trust's five-yearly review of its
activities."

It has also announced a second grant scheme for creative ideas from small
organisations at their early stage.

He said: "This particularly aims to target ideas which cross traditional
boundaries between the arts, environment, science available to widen the use of
village halls serving populations below 5,000 as centres of services for the
community."

Further details are available from Carnegie United Kingdom Trust, Comely Park
House, Dunfermline, Fife KYI2 7EJ or phone (01383) 721445 or website

www.carnegieuktrust.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday

State looks to help increase coverage

BYLINE: JEREMY PELZER State Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 846 words


Many broadband deployment advocates, such as Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn, think it's up
to the state of Illinois to ensure every Illinois resident has access to
affordable high-speed Internet.

Quinn heads the Broadband Deployment Council, which gives grants to extend
broadband networks and seeks to find ways to extend high-speed service to
unserved areas of the state.

"Our basic theme is everybody in, nobody out," Quinn said recently. "I really
feel we need to have that."

The state's most significant foray into extending rural broadband networks is
the Vince Demuzio Rural Broadband Initiative, a $1 million pilot project
designed to extend high-speed Internet to underserved areas of Macoupin and
Montgomery counties.

Carolyn Brown Hodge, director of rural affairs for Quinn, said initial surveys
have shown  broadband access is more widespread in the two counties than
anticipated. As a result, the initiative - named after the late state senator
from Carlinville - will instead be redirected to ramp up Internet speeds for
businesses.

Nora Feuquay, economic development coordinator for Macoupin County, said the
initiative will help both to keep tech jobs in the area and to lure in new
businesses.

"When (businesses) are looking at our county, we have a lot to offer as far as
cheaper labor and better taxes and things like that," she said. "However, if we
don't have the broadband ability that they need, that can sway them to stay in a
more urban area."

Hodge said Quinn's office is also considering a plan to require the Illinois
Department of Transportation to install high-speed fiber optic cables underneath
any stretch of new road IDOT builds.

Quinn is trying to expand on the Broadband Deployment Council by creating a new
non-profit organization called ConnectIL. ConnectIL would control broadband
grant money, be responsible for determining which areas of the state don't have
broadband service, and try to extend service to all Illinois residents.

One state that has invested millions in public money to construct rural
broadband networks - with promising results - is Virginia.

In recent years, rural areas of southern and southwestern Virginia have lost
jobs as coal, tobacco, furniture and textile industries have either declined or
moved overseas.

The state's response has been to make those areas meccas for high-tech jobs by
sinking millions of dollars into providing high-speed fiber optic cable to these
areas, said Todd Christenson, deputy director of community development for the
Virginia Department of Housing and Economic Opportunity.

The state has already extended high-speed Internet to several rural counties,
Christenson said. Two dozen more counties are drawing up broadband deployment
plans of their own.

The investment has immediately started to pay off, Christenson said.

About a year and a half ago, the state ran fiber optic Internet service to
Lebanon, a town of about 3,000 in what Christenson called one of the most
economically distressed areas of the state. Since then, two research and
technology companies, CGI and Northrup Grumman, decided to open offices there,
creating about 700 jobs.

"These are software programmers and software engineers - not call-center jobs,"
Christenson said.  "These are $50,000-a-year jobs."

"But without this community having this fiber (optic cable)," he said, "they
wouldn't have any chance in the world of having Northrup Grumman coming
through."

But simply using state money to blanket rural areas with fiber optic cable
networks isn't a solution by itself, said Ed Feser of the University of Illinois
at Urbana-Champaign.

"Some states have ... just dropped fiber everywhere - every time there's a road
built, every time they're running fiber," Feser said.

It's important to let rural areas find local solutions, he said. Some
communities have done so by creating municipal Internet providers, he said. Even
the threat of a municipal broadband service has been enough for telecom
companies to extend service to some communities.

Public advocates and private broadband companies don't have to be at odds.

In the southernmost 20 counties in Illinois, business and political figures have
banded together with Internet providers to create ConnectSI, a non-profit
Internet cooperative.

Only about 12 percent of southern Illinoisans have broadband service.
ConnectSI's goal is to increase that usage rate to 54 percent by 2012, Duncan
said.

To achieve this, Southern Illinois residents who want broadband access can send
requests to ConnectSI, Duncan said. ConnectSI determines whether the requesters
already have broadband access. If not, ConnectSI passes those requests on to
local broadband companies, which figure out whether they can extend service to
those areas, he said.

The result is a win-win situation, Duncan said. Many homes and businesses now
have broadband access for the first time, and Internet providers have more
paying customers.

"More people using more bandwidth drives more return on network provider
investment," he said. "And that will cause more infrastructure expansion."

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Reps. Bustos, Yarmuth, Peterson & O'Halleran Warn Against Impact of
Trump's Budget Cuts on Working Families, Rural America

LENGTH: 588  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Cheri Bustos of Illinois, Co-Chair of the Democratic Policy &
Communications Committee, Congressman John Yarmuth, Ranking Member on the Budget
Committee,  Congressman Collin Peterson, Ranking Member on the Agriculture
Committee, and Congressman Tom O'Halleran of Arizona today held a press
conference highlighting the devastating impact President Trump's FY2018 budget
blueprint would have on hard-working American families, especially those living
in rural America.





 The blueprint calls for a 21 percent cut to the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA), which administers important programs and services to Americans in rural
areas. The budget also calls for eliminating the water and wastewater loan and
grant program, the TIGER grant program, Essential Air Service program, Rural
Business Cooperative Service, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program
(LIHEAP),  and Community Development Block Grants, which states use to pay for
Meals on Wheels, and other initiatives that provide jobs and services for
working families. Reps. Bustos, Peterson and O'Halleran all represent largely
rural districts, which were carried by Donald Trump in the 2016 election.



 "Every weekend, when I go to grocery stores across my district, more and more
moms and dads are asking me what the heck is going on with President Trump
breaking his promises," said Congresswoman Cheri Bustos. "When it comes to rural
America, there is no clearer example of President Trump breaking his promise
than the budget he released yesterday. President Trump likes to call this an
'America First' budget, but when you dig into the details, he's making a
deliberate choice to damage our rural economy by eliminating programs that have
created thousands of jobs in small towns, ending critical infrastructure
investments in rural communities and making it harder for our growers and
producers to sell their crops."



 "The Trump budget is not only irresponsible and cold-hearted, it's ignorant to
the needs and priorities of American families," said Congressman John Yarmuth.
"President Trump promised to create jobs and make Americans safer. Yet his
budget cuts education, transportation, resources that protect public health and
our environment, and diplomatic initiatives that keep our country safe. This
budget is called "America First" but it's the last thing American families can
afford."



 "Rural America provides a tremendous service to this country but I don't think
the Administration understands that," said Congressman Collin Peterson. "The
budget cuts programs that help our smaller communities be able to update their
water systems and farmers navigate farm programs. These programs support rural
areas, which support agriculture, which allows us to have cheap, safe and
dependable food. I'm not sure this is going any place but I have concerns about
what this means for the future farm and rural policy."



 "The reality is our tribal communities face anywhere from 50 to 80 percent
unemployment, wages are lower in rural America, and the types of programs that
are being cut in this proposal would have a devastating impact on our tribal
lands and rural areas," said Congressman O'Halleran. "Rural Americans are tough.
They have always given back to our country, and they deserve fairness and
respect. What we see in this budget proposal is not fairness and respect, but
rather, a complete disregard for the challenges our rural communities face."

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Reps. Bustos, Yarmuth, Peterson & O'Halleran Warn Against Impact of
Trump's Budget Cuts on Working Families, Rural America

LENGTH: 588  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 Congresswoman Cheri Bustos of Illinois, Co-Chair of the Democratic Policy &
Communications Committee, Congressman John Yarmuth, Ranking Member on the Budget
Committee,  Congressman Collin Peterson, Ranking Member on the Agriculture
Committee, and Congressman Tom O'Halleran of Arizona today held a press
conference highlighting the devastating impact President Trump's FY2018 budget
blueprint would have on hard-working American families, especially those living
in rural America.





 The blueprint calls for a 21 percent cut to the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA), which administers important programs and services to Americans in rural
areas. The budget also calls for eliminating the water and wastewater loan and
grant program, the TIGER grant program, Essential Air Service program, Rural
Business Cooperative Service, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program
(LIHEAP),  and Community Development Block Grants, which states use to pay for
Meals on Wheels, and other initiatives that provide jobs and services for
working families. Reps. Bustos, Peterson and O'Halleran all represent largely
rural districts, which were carried by Donald Trump in the 2016 election.



 "Every weekend, when I go to grocery stores across my district, more and more
moms and dads are asking me what the heck is going on with President Trump
breaking his promises," said Congresswoman Cheri Bustos. "When it comes to rural
America, there is no clearer example of President Trump breaking his promise
than the budget he released yesterday. President Trump likes to call this an
'America First' budget, but when you dig into the details, he's making a
deliberate choice to damage our rural economy by eliminating programs that have
created thousands of jobs in small towns, ending critical infrastructure
investments in rural communities and making it harder for our growers and
producers to sell their crops."



 "The Trump budget is not only irresponsible and cold-hearted, it's ignorant to
the needs and priorities of American families," said Congressman John Yarmuth.
"President Trump promised to create jobs and make Americans safer. Yet his
budget cuts education, transportation, resources that protect public health and
our environment, and diplomatic initiatives that keep our country safe. This
budget is called "America First" but it's the last thing American families can
afford."



 "Rural America provides a tremendous service to this country but I don't think
the Administration understands that," said Congressman Collin Peterson. "The
budget cuts programs that help our smaller communities be able to update their
water systems and farmers navigate farm programs. These programs support rural
areas, which support agriculture, which allows us to have cheap, safe and
dependable food. I'm not sure this is going any place but I have concerns about
what this means for the future farm and rural policy."



 "The reality is our tribal communities face anywhere from 50 to 80 percent
unemployment, wages are lower in rural America, and the types of programs that
are being cut in this proposal would have a devastating impact on our tribal
lands and rural areas," said Congressman O'Halleran. "Rural Americans are tough.
They have always given back to our country, and they deserve fairness and
respect. What we see in this budget proposal is not fairness and respect, but
rather, a complete disregard for the challenges our rural communities face."

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

Reps. Bustos, Yarmuth, Peterson & O'Halleran Warn Against Impact of Trump's
Budget Cuts on Working Families, Rural America

LENGTH: 588  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: House Committee on Agriculture has issued the following press
release:



 Congresswoman Cheri Bustos of Illinois, Co-Chair of the Democratic Policy &
Communications Committee, Congressman John Yarmuth, Ranking Member on the Budget
Committee,  Congressman Collin Peterson, Ranking Member on the Agriculture
Committee, and Congressman Tom O'Halleran of Arizona today held a press
conference highlighting the devastating impact President Trump's FY2018 budget
blueprint would have on hard-working American families, especially those living
in rural America.





 The blueprint calls for a 21 percent cut to the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA), which administers important programs and services to Americans in rural
areas. The budget also calls for eliminating the water and wastewater loan and
grant program, the TIGER grant program, Essential Air Service program, Rural
Business Cooperative Service, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program
(LIHEAP),  and Community Development Block Grants, which states use to pay for
Meals on Wheels, and other initiatives that provide jobs and services for
working families. Reps. Bustos, Peterson and O'Halleran all represent largely
rural districts, which were carried by Donald Trump in the 2016 election.



 "Every weekend, when I go to grocery stores across my district, more and more
moms and dads are asking me what the heck is going on with President Trump
breaking his promises," said Congresswoman Cheri Bustos. "When it comes to rural
America, there is no clearer example of President Trump breaking his promise
than the budget he released yesterday. President Trump likes to call this an
'America First' budget, but when you dig into the details, he's making a
deliberate choice to damage our rural economy by eliminating programs that have
created thousands of jobs in small towns, ending critical infrastructure
investments in rural communities and making it harder for our growers and
producers to sell their crops."



 "The Trump budget is not only irresponsible and cold-hearted, it's ignorant to
the needs and priorities of American families," said Congressman John Yarmuth.
"President Trump promised to create jobs and make Americans safer. Yet his
budget cuts education, transportation, resources that protect public health and
our environment, and diplomatic initiatives that keep our country safe. This
budget is called "America First" but it's the last thing American families can
afford."



 "Rural America provides a tremendous service to this country but I don't think
the Administration understands that," said Congressman Collin Peterson. "The
budget cuts programs that help our smaller communities be able to update their
water systems and farmers navigate farm programs. These programs support rural
areas, which support agriculture, which allows us to have cheap, safe and
dependable food. I'm not sure this is going any place but I have concerns about
what this means for the future farm and rural policy."



 "The reality is our tribal communities face anywhere from 50 to 80 percent
unemployment, wages are lower in rural America, and the types of programs that
are being cut in this proposal would have a devastating impact on our tribal
lands and rural areas," said Congressman O'Halleran. "Rural Americans are tough.
They have always given back to our country, and they deserve fairness and
respect. What we see in this budget proposal is not fairness and respect, but
rather, a complete disregard for the challenges our rural communities face."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday
                                   E2 Edition

Community Chest facing a cash crisis;
Poor and the elderly set to suffer

BYLINE:  ESTHER LEWIS Staff Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 607 words


THE Community Chest has called an emergency meeting with its beneficiaries to
warn them of an expected R7 million cut in grants next year.

They were told they needed to start making contingency plans.

The organisation provides funding to 487 recipients, with grants ranging from
R18 000 to R1m a year, according to Community Chest chief executive Amelia
Jones.

Last year it paid R16m to beneficiaries but expects this figure to drop to R9m
in the 2011/12 financial year.

"How we are going to cut the cake will be our big challenge," a concerned Jones
disclosed after yesterday's meeting.

Some of the organisations that receive funding cater to the elderly, homeless
and physically and mentally disabled. The Community Chest also supports
rehabilitation and community development projects.

Danie Digue, financial manager of the Helderberg Society for the Aged, said that
without Community Chest funding the poor would suffer most.

The society runs two old-age homes and Digue said 50 percent of residents were
unable to pay.

It also owns nine blocks of flats, three of which are occupied by pensioners who
pay only R450 to R500 a month in rent.

The society runs community outreach programmes in Lwandle, Nomzamo, Garden
Village and Chris Nissen Park where the elderly and disabled are taught various
skills to encourage economic independence.

Digue said each of the components was running at an enormous loss.

If funding was lost, the outreach programmes would have to be closed down.

He said they had approached the private sector for financial help but without
very much success,

"Today old people are not a favourite. People just don't care about the aged any
more."

Hassan Khan, chief executive of the Haven Night Shelter Welfare Organisation,
said the Community Chest was an integral part of its operations.

Every month 13 of its shelters were granted R2 500 each. The Ceres and Swartland
shelters, in particular, would be in serious trouble if they lost the grant.

He added, however, that they would have to relook at how much they leaned on the
Community Chest for funding, and to see where they could cut back.

Khan said that there were beneficiaries - especially in the rural areas - that
were completely dependent on their Community Chest grants.

All the bigger, more mature organisations had the responsibility to ensure they
checked out all possibilities for funding so that they did not take away from
beneficiaries in the rural areas.

Jones confirmed that many of the beneficiaries operated from hand to mouth and,
in some cases, their operating grants were what enabled them to keep their doors
open.

The future of these places was now in jeopardy.

Jones explained that the Community Chest had seen a 50 percent decrease in
corporate and individual donations this year.

The Community Chest was largely funded by the private sector, and family trusts
and legacies.

These donations were dependent on investments, and returns had been low because
of the recession, Jones explained.

Another source of income was the Pay As You Earn initiative.

Those who donated in this way were mostly factory workers and people from other
low-income groups.

Few high-level earners were involved in this initiative.

Fanzu Badenhorst, who works for Shape, a service provider to the Department of
Social Development, also attended the meeting.

He said the onus was now on organisations to intensify fundraising efforts, but
admitted it would be difficult in small, poorer towns.

His company would help organisations apply to other sources for funding.

"For the current year they will be okay. But 2011/12 is probably going to be a
very |difficult financial year," Badenhorst said.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Cape Argus (Cape Town)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

Community Chest Almost Empty

BYLINE: Esther Lewis

LENGTH: 607  words


The Community Chest has called an emergency meeting with its beneficiaries to
warn them of an expected R7 million cut in grants next year.

They were told they needed to start making contingency plans.

The organisation provides funding to 487 recipients, with grants ranging from
R18 000 to R1m a year, according to Community Chest chief executive Amelia
Jones.

Last year it paid R16m to beneficiaries but expects this figure to drop to R9m
in the 2011/12 financial year.

"How we are going to cut the cake will be our big challenge," a concerned Jones
disclosed after yesterday's meeting.

Some of the organisations that receive funding cater to the elderly, homeless
and physically and mentally disabled. The Community Chest also supports
rehabilitation and community development projects.

Danie Digue, financial manager of the Helderberg Society for the Aged, said that
without Community Chest funding the poor would suffer most.

The society runs two old-age homes and Digue said 50 percent of residents were
unable to pay.

It also owns nine blocks of flats, three of which are occupied by pensioners who
pay only R450 to R500 a month in rent.

The society runs community outreach programmes in Lwandle, Nomzamo, Garden
Village and Chris Nissen Park where the elderly and disabled are taught various
skills to encourage economic independence.

Digue said each of the components was running at an enormous loss.

If funding was lost, the outreach programmes would have to be closed down.

He said they had approached the private sector for financial help but without
very much success. "Today old people are not a favourite. People just don't care
about the aged any more."

Hassan Khan, chief executive of the Haven Night Shelter Welfare Organisation,
said the Community Chest was an integral part of its operations.

Every month 13 of its shelters were granted R2 500 each. The Ceres and Swartland
shelters, in particular, would be in serious trouble if they lost the grant.

He added, however, that they would have to relook at how much they leaned on the
Community Chest for funding, and to see where they could cut back.

Khan said that there were beneficiaries - especially in the rural areas - that
were completely dependent on their Community Chest grants.

All the bigger, more mature organisations had the responsibility to ensure they
checked out all possibilities for funding so that they did not take away from
beneficiaries in the rural areas.

Jones confirmed that many of the beneficiaries operated from hand to mouth and,
in some cases, their operating grants were what enabled them to keep their doors
open.

The future of these places was now in jeopardy.

Jones explained that the Community Chest had seen a 50 percent decrease in
corporate and individual donations this year.

The Community Chest was largely funded by the private sector, and family trusts
and legacies.

These donations were dependent on investments, and returns had been low because
of the recession, Jones explained.

Another source of income was the Pay As You Earn initiative.

Those who donated in this way were mostly factory workers and people from other
low-income groups.

Few high-level earners were involved in this initiative.

Fanzu Badenhorst, who works for Shape, a service provider to the Department of
Social Development, also attended the meeting.

He said the onus was now on organisations to intensify fundraising efforts, but
admitted it would be difficult in small, poorer towns.

His company would help organisations apply to other sources for funding.

"For the current year they will be okay. But 2011/12 is probably going to be a
very difficult financial year," Badenhorst said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Pilot program strives to boost area's vitality

BYLINE: TH Media

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 156 words


Monticello will serve as a pilot community for a program aimed at connecting
philanthropic giving and community leadership to increase civic engagement and
strategic planning.

Community Foundation of Greater Dubuque recently received a two-year, $100,000
grant from Orton Family Foundation to implement its community engagement process
in the six-county rural affiliate region, beginning with Monticello.

The community foundation will match the Orton grant with a $150,000 grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Community Development Initiative to
grow philanthropy in Allamakee, Jackson, Jones, Clayton and Delaware Counties in
Iowa and Jo Daviess County in Illinois.

Orton has invested $10 million over the past five years to test its Heart and
Soul method in nine towns with the goal of developing a better way to help small
communities identify new leaders and strengthen community values and social and
economic vitality.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, South Carolina

                            January 22, 2006, Sunday

Claflin University hosts economic summit targeting African-American community

BYLINE: By Dionne Gleaton

LENGTH: 1666 words



Education leads to employment and employment leads to economic empowerment.

This was the thread of commonality which was woven through several presentations
given to a host of concerned citizens and legislative, church, education and
community leaders gathered at Claflin University on Saturday.

Claflin, in collaboration with the South Carolina Conference of the NAACP and
the S.C. Legislative Black Caucus, hosted the first statewide African-American
Economic Summit, which was designed to close the gap in disparities with which
African-American grapple within the state's educational, employment and economic
arenas.

"Today we are here as partners who share a common interest in the viability and
welfare of the African-American community. I'm excited ... about the outcome of
this conference," Claflin President Dr. Henry N. Tisdale said during the opening
session, which was quickly followed by a panel of experts who discussed how to
forge enhanced economic development in the black community.

Tisdale highlighted a few of the initiatives the university has implemented to
educate its students and prepare them for a global economy which is increasingly
being marked by "digitization, virtualization and automation."

The university is home to a nationally accredited School of Education; an
innovative "Call Me Mister" program which now boasts 60 young black men in the
program designed to recruit, train, certify and secure employment for
African-American men as teachers in the state's public elementary schools; a
burgeoning Center for Entrepreneurial Development; and an S.C. Center for
Biotechnology and a partnership with the University of South Carolina in a
five-year, $ .75 million grant from the National Institutes of Health to tackle
HIV/AIDS and cancer issues in the community.

Economic Development Maceo Nance III, director of community and rural
development at the S.C. Department of Commerce, outlined that there was more
than $ 2.6 billion invested in the state in 2005. There were 12,000 new jobs
created, 43 percent of which stemmed from new investments.

While the department's mission is to improve the per capita income of all South
Carolinians for an enhanced quality of life, he said supporting the growth and
viability of small businesses is key in boosting economic development in the
black community.

To that end, the department has set up a website for aspiring business owners to
use at business one-stop centers across the state, and for the last two years
has also grown as Capital Access Program, for which funding is being sought this
year.

The department's Community Development Block Grant program has also awarded $
27.8 million in grants to distressed communities, and its Workforce Investment
Act Program has also reached a little more than 5,000 state cities with its
job-building initiatives.

"You have to have something on the shelf for companies to look for," he said,
noting that product development is another facet on which the department is
working on through, for example, its Speculative Building Program now being
implemented in 15 different counties.

"Of all companies, 70 to 80 percent of them end up first looking for available
building space in which to locate," he said. He also noted that the department's
opportunity grants have also provided for the development of Magic Johnson
Centers in Orangeburg and four other counties to give students after-school
programs for children in kindergarten through 12th grade.

He said there needs to be improvement in individuals' obtainment of a bachelor's
degree or higher, or else they're "doomed to failure" in today's globalized
economy.

"We want to improve education and workforce skills," he said.

Panelist Dr. Lucy Reuben, finance professor at North Carolina Central
University, said, "It is important to have businesses that can support jobs,
hiring and community development," Dr. Leroy Davis, executive director of the
Center of Excellence and Rural and Minority Health at Voorhees College, said
historically black colleges and universities are vital "depositories of
intellectual capital," but there are still gaps to be addressed.

With black males representing only 9.7 percent of enrolled undergraduate
students in the fall of 2004, they are increasingly becoming an "endangered
species" in the post-secondary educational arena. He also noted that
African-American faculty represented only 10 percent of the total pool of white
faculty in South Carolina (540 to 5,961).

"There are more areas where we need to work," he said, with still more blacks
not completing high school or college at all.

While statistics showed that more than 60 percent of African-American children
do not graduate from high school in South Carolina, Davis noted that fair and
equitable state funding, small endowments and deferred maintenance of facilities
among the challenges state which HBCUs currently face and need addressing.

Traci Young Cooper, assistant principal Alcorn Middle School in Columbia, was
one of three panelists discussing factors impacting the success rate among black
students in the classroom.

She said while "exterior issues" like school funding, teacher quality and early
childhood education need to be addressed, an even greater focus needs to be
placed on what's going on in the classroom.

She said the state Department of Education has worked to implement curriculum
calibration in schools statewide over the past four years, providing funding in
approximately 751 schools to institute the collection and analysis of student
work to measure the percentage of alignment of assignments to grade level state
standards.

She said African-American students are disproportionately not being taught at
grade level and, consequently, often can't make the grade on standardized tests
as the Palmetto Challenge Achievement Test.

"This leads to high rates of high school drop outs for African-American children
and an increased truancy rate when they don't feel like they're being taught, or
they farther and farther behind," said Cooper, noting that the educational
system must be revamped so that the organization, rigor and progression of the
state content standards are being properly taught.

"This is not an indictment on teachers in South Carolina. The state just needs
to make sure that teachers get the resources and support they need for children
to become effective and productive leaders. There is a direct correlation. It
does have a serious impact on the overall economic climate," she said.

James M. Daniels, research and planning administrator in the Labor Market
Information Department at the S.C. Employment Security Commission, was one of
three panelists to discuss employment. He specifically gave an overview of
unemployment by race and gender.

In December 2005, the national unemployment rate stood at 4.9 percent.

While the white unemployment rate stood at 4.3 percent, the rate for blacks
stood at 9.3 percent. Davis noted that the unemployment rate for blacks age 16
to 19 was a whopping 24. 4 percent.

For 2004, the state annual average unemployment rate was 6.9 percent.

The unemployment rates for whites was 5.6 percent, with the rate for blacks
nearly double that at 10.2 percent. The unemployment rate for black females and
males age 20 to 24 stood at 22. 5 percent.

"These are just a few statistics. They're attached to income to make people more
aware and informed as far as trying to discuss solutions," he said, noting the
per capita income for whites in the state was $ 22,095, compared to $ 11,776 for
blacks.

Orangeburg County ranked 13th among the counties with the largest disparities in
per capita income by race, with the disparity between blacks and whites standing
at around $ 10,000.

Like Nance, Daniels touted the empowerment and strengthening of African-American
businesses, particularly small businesses. He said more work needs to be done in
recruiting African-American businesses, particularly to economically depressed
areas, many of which are in Lowcountry counties such as Beaufort.

He said successful recruitment models which have already been implemented in the
Raleigh-Durham and Greensboro areas of North Carolina to bring "economic relief"
to distressed areas need to be studied and applied.

Sen. John Matthews, D-Bowman, is also a member of the S.C. Legislative Black
Caucus. He said the task forces which would come together at the end of the
summit to discuss solutions in the economic, educational and employment areas
would continue their work beyond Saturday.

"We're not talking about meeting for a day. It has to be continual, and they'll
have to meet on a quarterly basis to find new ways to engage the black community
and provide leadership in the process," Matthews said.

"We want to come up with a comprehensive proposal to engage the black community.
It's all about self-reliance and self-responsibility."

Orangeburg NAACP President William Wilson said the summit was timely and
necessary.

"We have got to get about the business of economic development in our community.
As we've heard today, African-Americans have buying power in South Carolina, but
we don't have economic wealth. It is essential that we start putting wealth back
into our communities," Wilson said.

"We have got to start businesses, get our colleges and universities
concentrating on curriculums other than the traditional ones so that we can
compete in global markets. I'm very elated about this summit and what will come
after it," he said.


-----

To see more of The Times and Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesanddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Times and Democrat,
Orangeburg, S.C.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: GG-ECON-SUMMIT-20060122

JOURNAL-CODE: GG

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
            Copyright 2006 The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, South
                                    Carolina


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

UGA awarded USDA grant to study Georgia's community revitalization needs

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: Athens


The University of Georgia has issued the following news release:

An increased understanding of the housing and neighborhood revitalization issues
facing Georgia's rural and small-town communities will help researchers at the
University of Georgia address needs in these communities.

Led by the College of Family and Consumer Sciences' Kim Skobba, an assistant
professor of financial planning, housing and consumer economics, UGA is using a
five-year, $474,998 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to conduct the
research. The research team will be assessing housing and neighborhood
challenges and collecting community-level social capital data for 353 small and
nonmetropolitan municipalities in Georgia.

This Agriculture and Food Research Initiative grant was awarded through the
National Institute of Food and Agriculture, which supports projects that sustain
and enhance agriculture and related activities in rural areas and protect the
environment, enhance quality of life and alleviate poverty.

"We're looking at how these communities use social networks and social capital
to bring about change related to housing and neighborhood revitalization,"
Skobba said.

Researchers will use communities selected from the Georgia Initiative for
Community Housing as well as small, rural communities not a part of GICH to
compare needs and issues. These comparison communities will help researchers see
whether or not capacity building programs enhance social capital and support.

GICH is a technical assistance program that "helps communities improve their
quality of life and economic validity through the development of locally based
housing and revitalization strategies," said Karen Tinsley, GICH program
coordinator.

The UGA researchers will help develop "the local capacity of these smaller
communities in terms of them being able to improve their economic and community
development," among other things.

The program "helps communities get off the ground and meet their own housing
needs," said Sharon Gibson, a multicultural extension specialist at UGA.

The study will map social networks used to address these housing issues and
other community problems.

Jerry Shannon, a limited-term assistant professor in community geography, is
also working with groups in each community to locate hot spots of housing needs.

"By using spatial analysis and new online mapping tools, these communities will
be able to map out current problems and share housing development plans with a
broad audience," Shannon said.

"This research will inform the development of training materials for extension
agents and community members-the content will focus on helping communities
understand the importance and use of social capital to improve housing stock
while addressing neighborhood revitalization," Gibson said.

"What we hope to learn is how programs like GICH can build networks that might
enhance the ability to solve problems in communities, and what we really hope to
see is whether this is something that can be replicated in other parts of the
state," Skobba said.

Overall, the researchers aim to provide technical assistance, increased public
awareness and policy solutions through the integration of research, education
and extension activities.

The Office of the Vice President for Public Service and Outreach is a financial
sponsor of the Georgia Initiative for Community Housing. Georgia Power Co. is
serving as the founding sponsor of GICH, which allows the program to be provided
to communities at no cost.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Gloucester Citizen

                                 April 22, 2002

Grant to help hi-tech hall

SECTION: NEWS: OTHER, Pg.2

LENGTH: 210 words


A NEW computer and resource centre will be set up at Woodchester after the
village hall received a grant of GBP 3,000.

The money from the Carnegie UK Trust will go towards equipment and installing
additional phone lines.

The grant is part of the trust's long-running programme to widen the use of
village halls as centres of services for the community.

It links with a new million -pound initiative, announced a year ago, to
encourage community development in villages and rural areas.

Since 1991 the trust has already donated almost GBP 1 million to improve
facilities at more than 500 village and community halls in the UK and Ireland.

Secretary John Naylor said: "Village halls are an integral part of rural life
and we are keen to do everything we can to extend their range and enhance the
quality of life for small communities.

"As a result of this concern, we announced a new programme in 2001 to support
imaginative schemes to energise hard-pressed rural areas. We are prepared to
give grants of up to GBP 10,000 each for anything from setting up a child care
centre or surgery to establishing a cybervillage."

The trust, one of Britain's longest -established, was set up by Andrew Carnegie,
the Scottish-American industrialist in 1913.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2002 The Gloucester Citizen


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $29,160 Planning Grant to the
Town of Elizabethtown

LENGTH: 178  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $29,160 planning grant to the town of
Elizabethtown for a storm drainage system study through the state's Office of
Community and Rural Affairs.

"Infrastructure improvements are a key to economic growth, and ensuring
appropriate stormwater drainage is important as the town of Elizabethtown plans
for a prosperous future and growth," said Lt. Governor Ellspermann.

The planning grant for the town of Elizabethtown will be used to evaluate the
existing drainage system and make recommendations for improvements to the
existing structure along with any additional needs.

The funding comes from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program,
which has proven to be an effective tool for community-based planning and
research initiatives. Elizabethtown provided a local match of $3,240.

The CDBG program is administered by the Indiana Office of Community and Rural
Affairs.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 March 24, 2004

Grants aim to help rural areas prosper

BYLINE: A. NDY GILGRIST

SECTION: Business; Economy; Financial; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 361 words


Leicester Shire Economic Partnership (LSEP) will be providing funding of
£355,000 to the projects, which are running across the county.  It is working
with Leicestershire Rural Partnership, which is giving £170,000 over the next 12
months.

LSEP chief executive Kishor Tailor said the awards were the first stage of a
long-term commitment to improving social prosperity and encouraging economic
regeneration in rural areas.

He said the two agencies would be working with Leicestershire and Rutland Rural
Community Council in delivering the support.

The projects to receive funds are: Rural Community Chest: The money will help
the chest make grants to voluntary and community groups in rural areas, to
encourage social and environment improvements, social enterprise and rural
services that benefit the area.

Countryside Retail Support Grant Scheme: The scheme provides small grants to
shops, public houses and garages to help them cover the costs of making
improvements to the businesses and their premises.

Rural Centres: The grant will help finance stage two of the project, which
provides country agency healthchecks in Thurmaston, Broughton Astley, Earl
Shilton and Bottesford, through the implementation of action plans.

Building Capacity in Rural Communities: The money will go to supporting a
network of community development workers, who will assist communities in
evaluating and developing their economies and to build up capacity.

Mr Tailor said: "This is just a small part of our ongoing commitment to
developing our rural economy.

"It will support initiatives that will make a real difference to businesses and
communities." Jeremy Prescott, director of the Rural Community Council for
Leicestershire and Rutland, said: "All these projects will provide greater
capacity and sustainability in supporting rural communities and developing local
solutions to address local needs.

"The aim of the agencies involved in these projects is to allow rural
communities, while retaining the essential nature of the surrounding
countryside, to be as vibrant and inclusive as possible for all those who live
in them."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2004 Leicester Mercury


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 29, 2008 Monday

Main Street program receives grant

BYLINE: Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Sep. 29--QUINCY -- The Illinois Main Street program has received a $219,800
Rural Community Development Initiative grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, and part of the funds are earmarked for Mt. Vernon.

Due to the grant funding, the expanded program will serve 18 communities across
the state including Mt. Vernon, Beardstown, Benton, Canton, Carbondale, Du
Quoin, Golconda, Hardin County, Hoopeston, Marion, Marshall, Mount Sterling,
Paris, Pittsfield, Quincy, Rossville, Vandalia and Vienna.

According to Downtown Mt. Vernon Development Corporation Executive Director
Cyndy Mitchell, the DMDC has agreed to support the grant and participate in it.
Recipients will be grouped by the four regions in the state, she said.

Conditions of the grant are that the program will receive the $219,800 over the
next three years and Illinois Main Street will contribute $183,950 in matching
funds during the three year period.

Grant funds will be used to expand the Illinois Main Street curriculum to
include dedicated technical assistance and education services to rural
communities. Services will consist of affordable housing workshops and webinars,
small business retailing workshops, energy audits and assessment visits.

Since the Illinois Main Street program began there has been a reinvestment of
more than $575 million in Main Street downtowns, according to information from
Lt. Governor Pat Quinn, who administers the program.

Mt. Vernon was awarded the Illinois Main Street designation in April 2006. There
are more than 62 communities across the state who have met the criteria to be a
Main Street city.

To see more of Mt. Vernon Register-News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Mt. Vernon Register-News,
Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080929-VR-Main-Street-program-receives-grant-0929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                                 Copyright 2008


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 13, 1989, Monday, City Edition

N.C. shines with its grassroots self-help projects

BYLINE: Neal R. Peirce

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Columns; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 737 words



Not many vintage-1920s high schools draw 2,000 to 3,000 alumni from    across
the United States for annual reunions. Nor do many high schools    house
"business incubators" to nurture new enterprises in depressed    rural towns.

     But the old Dillard High School at Goldsboro, in heavily black,    rural
and poor eastern North Carolina, does both. Back in the    pre-integration '50s
and '60s, its students, despairing of a local job,    flocked onto the
northbound Seaboard Coast Line Number 76 train the    moment they had their
diplomas.

     Today those graduates include solid middle-class citizens of such    cities
as Philadelphia, Boston and Washington, D.C. - all of which have    their own
Dillard High alumni chapters. They raise thousands of dollars    a year in
scholarships. And when their old high school was slated for    demolition in
1979, the alumni sold quilts and donuts, held "pig    picking" raffles and
raised enough cash to buy it.

     Five years later, they decided to turn their familiar old    classrooms
into an incubator for fledgling businesses. They turned to    the New York-based
Local Initiatives Support Corp. for technical    assistance. In 1985, they were
turned down for state funding. "People    didn't believe we could do it," says
Geneva Hamilton, an alumna and      prime mover in the project.

     But a year later the state grant came through. Today the incubator
supports 13 businesses ranging from a children's wear manufacturer to    an
accounting firm. "We have the leading nonprofit incubator in the    state. We
have a waiting list of tenants," Hamilton boasts. She even    hopes to see the
old auditorium renovated "just like when we were in    school."

     In George Bush political terms, the Dillard School is one of those
"1,000 points of light." Just down the road in little St. Pauls,    there's
another - students learning to be entrepreneurs by running    their own
business. It's called "The Way-Off Broadway Delicatessen,"    an "authentic" New
York Jewish deli. Catering to vacationers    traveling along nearby Interstate
95, it grosses $ 250,000 a year.

     The St. Pauls school-based business would never have been launched,
however, without REAL (Rural Education through Action Learning), an    affiliate
of the state's Small Business and Technology Development    Center.

     The fact is that precious few "points of light" flicker into life
without a major network of support groups and, more often than not,    some
serious government assistance.

     North Carolina is one state that seems to glimmer with hundreds of
self-start economic-development projects. It has a rich fabric of    co-ops,
credit unions, community-development corporations, nonprofit    housing
producers and land trusts. For rural- and small-town efforts,    it may be the
nation's star.

     The Center for Community Self-Help, headquartered in Durham, plus    the
network provided by Legal Services of North Carolina, educate and    encourage
low-income groups and neighborhoods to get into bootstrap    initiatives. They
specialize in garnering support from foundations,    corporations, banks, and
state government.

     One beneficiary is the Watermark Association of Artisans in    Elizabeth
City. It has 400 members, mostly women, many referred by    churches and
battered women's shelters. Rather than polished crafts,    Watermark trains a
woman how, in one day, she can make a product she    can sell right away. The
project has won funding under the state    government's micro-enterprise
demonstration program.

     Since 1987, the North Carolina Legislature has capitalized a    $
100-million small-business loan and investment pool to be run by a new    Center
for Rural Economic Development. It provides core funding for
community-development corporations and credit unions and has a
micro-enterprise demonstration program. The Center for Community    Self-Help in
Durham received $ 2-million for its development bank.

     With enough government, foundation, corporate backing, self-help    could
become for many states a mainstream anti-poverty strategy of the    '90s.

 Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

              North Carolina Community Development Initiative Inc

                              5800 Faringdon Place
                               Raleigh,  NC 27609
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (919) 828-5655
URL: www.ncinitiative.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The North Carolina Community Development Initiative is nationally recognized
as a model public-private community economic development intermediary. We are
dedicated to increasing assets and creating wealth for communities and
individuals in low-resource communities. Since our founding in 1994, we have
channeled more than $65 million to local Community Development Corporations,
resulting in more than $358 million of completed local development projects.
Our leadership comes from a Chief Executive Officer and a 21-member Board of
Directors made up of public officials, CDC leaders and representatives from the
private sector. The Chairman of the Board of Directors is Richard M. Taylor, CEO
of the North Carolina Academy of Trial Lawyers.  The Initiative provides annual
core operational grants to 28 established, high-performing CDCs in rural areas,
small towns and major cities across the state. We also provide project lending,
strategic issue management and project development assistance to the CDC
industry statewide. Foundations, government, corporations and others have
invested in the Initiative and, through it, in the future of North Carolina. The
Initiative leverages these investments and appropriations to attract millions of
dollars of additional private sector investment.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $15,000 Planning Grant to the
Town of Birdseye

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $15,000 planning grant to the town of
Birdseye for a public library feasibility study through the state's Office of
Community and Rural Affairs.

"We are pleased to support the public library feasibility study as the town of
Birdseye continues its efforts to improve quality of life and educational
opportunities for its residents," said Lt. Governor Ellspermann.

The planning grant for the town of Birdseye will assist in determining the most
feasible option for the future of the Birdseye Branch Library of the Dubois
County Contractual Public Library.

The funding comes from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program,
which has proven to be an effective tool for community-based planning and
research initiatives.  Birdseye provided a $3,500 local match.

The CDBG program is administered by the Indiana Office of Community and Rural
Affairs.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Morpeth Herald

                           September 1, 2009 Tuesday

New source of rural funding

BYLINE: ANNA SMITH

LENGTH: 288 words



HIGHLIGHT: RURAL projects are being urged to tap into a new Northumberland
funding scheme.


The Northumberland Coast and Lowlands Leader project has a guaranteed £350,000 a
year to distribute to groups to support rural development.

Projects for the wider scheme can be based around the environment, heritage,
tourism, agriculture, forestry and business opportunities, with the local fund
picking out community development, tourism and small businesses as its priority
themes.

A Local Action Group (LAG), made up of around 30 volunteers from organisations,
businesses and individuals, will decide how to allocate the grants, which are
available for both capital projects and revenue support.

Co-ordinator Ivan Hewitt said: "This is an opportunity for businesses and
communities in Northumberland to deliver rural development projects.

"We want to work with local communities, councils and individuals to do a range
of things. We want to try to bring in and encourage more people to deliver local
services in rural areas.

"Most of the projects come under the community development theme, but we also
recognise that the environment is very important to Northumberland, whether it
is helping to manage it or develop the tourism offer. It is a wonderful place to
visit, live and work."

Anyone wishing to access the funds must first submit an expression of interest,
giving a brief outline of their idea, which will be assessed by a LAG sub-group
to ensure it ties in with the themes of the scheme.

The second stage is the formal application, which will go through a technical
appraisal.

The initiative is supported by the European Union, Department for the
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, One North East and Northumberland County
Council.

For further information contact Mr Hewitt on 01670 794913, or e-mail
ivanhewitt@enrgi.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MORP


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Johnson Pioneer (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 4, 2015

USDA Seeks Applications To Expand Economic Development In Rural Communities

BYLINE: The Johnson Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 301  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Patty Clark announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants to support rural community economic development.

Approximately $4 million is being made available under the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) program. Eligible applicants include public,
private, and non-profit intermediaries, and federally recognized tribes.

"USDA supports regional projects that build the capacity of rural Kansas
communities, and help spur community and economic development," said Clark.
"Through the RCDI program, USDA can provide technical assistance to rural
communities to build resilient rural regions in Kansas."

RCDI grants can be used to provide training or technical assistance. Training
may focus on home ownership education, minority business entrepreneurship,
strategic community planning or accessing alternative funding sources.
Intermediary organizations must provide matching funds at least equal to the
RCDI grant. Grants range from $50,000 to $250,000.

USDA has invested more than $33 million through the RCDI program since 2009. In
2011, The Kansas Center for Entrepreneurship received a $200,000 grant for
technical assistance and training to assist Marion, Wichita, Greenwood, Greeley,
Chase, and Norton counties The assistance included community and entrepreneur
coaching, succession planning for businesses, and the education and recruitment
of potential angel investors. The technical assistance helped to create new
leadership capacity, capital creation, and increased connectivity to local,
regional, state, and national resources.

For information on how to apply, contact USDA Rural Development Community
Programs Specialist in Kansas, Janette Womack at (785) 271-2742 or
janette.womack@ks.usda.gov Applications must be submitted by August 13, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JON

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Johnson Pioneer


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Morpeth Herald

                              June 8, 2010 Tuesday

Grants pumped into local communities

BYLINE: ANNA SMITH

LENGTH: 195 words



HIGHLIGHT: A COMMUNITY grants scheme has made its mark across Northumberland,
pumping £785,816 into the area.


The Northumberland Coast and Lowlands Leader Local Action Group has dished out
the cash total in its first full year of operation.

Money has been given to various projects across the county, including the new
Strawberry Hill Day Centre in Lynemouth.

The scheme has around £1.2million of funding to distribute over the next three
years and is open for applications from residents, farmers, landowners,
businesses and community groups.

Co-ordinator Ivan Hewitt said: "We are committed to helping support and develop
communities to have a real say in the delivery of rural development through
local community-led projects.

"If you have an idea for developing your small business, improving our natural
and cultural assets, benefiting from bio-energy, carrying forward community
development, sustaining farming and forestry, encouraging tourism and
recreation, or improving basic rural services then we would very much like to
hear from you."

Funding for the initiative is provided through the Rural Development Programme,
which is jointly supported by Defra and the European Union.

For further information contact Mr Hewitt on 01670 863007 or email
ivan@leadercoastandlowlands.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MORP


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

USDA to highlight rural development

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 335  words


USDA Rural Development representatives will hold a Rural Development Office Day
for Wharton County from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 14 to present program information
and applications to the public.

The office day is at the Northside Center, 707 Fahrenthold in El Campo.
Information will be provided about USDA Rural Development Housing, Community and
Business and Cooperative loan and grant programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure rural residents can participate fully in
the global economy through technical assistance and programs that help rural
Americans build strong economies to improve their quality of life.

Rural Development loans and grants assist rural communities meet their basic
needs by building water and wastewater systems; financing decent, affordable
housing; supporting electric power and rural businesses, including cooperatives;
and supporting community development with information and technical assistance
including broadband initiatives. USDA Rural Development representatives will be
available during the office day to answer questions and assist individuals with
applications in all program areas.

USDA Rural Development Housing Programs offer loans and grants to families with
very low to moderate income levels in towns and cities meeting certain
population requirements.

Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or households
purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair and renovate a
home, or to purchase and prepare sites with water and sewage facilities.

For very low-income families who own homes in need of repair, the Home Repair
Loan and Grant Program offers funding for renovations. Funding has previously
been requested to repair a leaking roof, make a home wheelchair accessible,
repair damaged or faulty wiring and to install a waste disposal system.

For more information regarding USDA Rural Development programs, please contact
the Angleton Office at (979) 849-5251, ext. 4 or by visiting our website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 East Bernard Express


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

Reps. Yarmuth, Bustos, Peterson & O'Halleran Warn Against Impact of Trump's
Budget Cuts on Working Families, Rural America

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Committee on the Budget has
issued the following press release:



 Congressman John Yarmuth, Ranking Member on the Budget Committee,
Congresswoman Cheri Bustos of Illinois, Co-Chair of the Democratic Policy &
Communications Committee, Congressman Collin Peterson, Ranking Member on the
Agriculture Committee, and Congressman Tom O'Halleran of Arizona today held a
press conference highlighting the devastating impact President Trump's FY2018
budget blueprint would have on hard-working American families, especially those
living in rural America.





 The blueprint calls for a 21 percent cut to the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA), which administers important programs and services to Americans in rural
areas. The budget also calls for eliminating the water and wastewater loan and
grant program, the TIGER grant program, Essential Air Service program, Rural
Business Cooperative Service, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program
(LIHEAP),  and Community Development Block Grants, which states use to pay for
Meals on Wheels, and other initiatives that provide jobs and services for
working families. Reps. Bustos, Peterson and O'Halleran all represent largely
rural districts, which were carried by Donald Trump in the 2016 election.



 "The Trump budget is not only irresponsible and cold-hearted, it's ignorant to
the needs and priorities of American families," said Congressman John Yarmuth.
"President Trump promised to create jobs and make Americans safer. Yet his
budget cuts education, transportation, resources that protect public health and
our environment, and diplomatic initiatives that keep our country safe. This
budget is called "America First" but it's the last thing American families can
afford."



 "Every weekend, when I go to grocery stores across my district, more and more
moms and dads are asking me what the heck is going on with President Trump
breaking his promises," said Congresswoman Cheri Bustos. "When it comes to rural
America, there is no clearer example of President Trump breaking his promise
than the budget he released yesterday. President Trump likes to call this an
'America First' budget, but when you dig into the details, he's making a
deliberate choice to damage our rural economy by eliminating programs that have
created thousands of jobs in small towns, ending critical infrastructure
investments in rural communities and making it harder for our growers and
producers to sell their crops."



 "Rural America provides a tremendous service to this country but I don't think
the Administration understands that," said Congressman Collin Peterson. "The
budget cuts programs that help our smaller communities be able to update their
water systems and farmers navigate farm programs. These programs support rural
areas, which support agriculture, which allows us to have cheap, safe and
dependable food. I'm not sure this is going any place but I have concerns about
what this means for the future farm and rural policy."



 "The reality is our tribal communities face anywhere from 50 to 80 percent
unemployment, wages are lower in rural America, and the types of programs that
are being cut in this proposal would have a devastating impact on our tribal
lands and rural areas," said Congressman O'Halleran. "Rural Americans are tough.
They have always given back to our country, and they deserve fairness and
respect. What we see in this budget proposal is not fairness and respect, but
rather, a complete disregard for the challenges our rural communities face."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

USDA to highlight rural development

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 335  words


USDA Rural Development representatives will hold a Rural Development Office Day
for Wharton County from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 14 to present program information
and applications to the public.

The office day is at the Northside Center, 707 Fahrenthold in El Campo.
Information will be provided about USDA Rural Development Housing, Community and
Business and Cooperative loan and grant programs.

USDA Rural Development works to ensure rural residents can participate fully in
the global economy through technical assistance and programs that help rural
Americans build strong economies to improve their quality of life. Rural
Development loans and grants assist rural communities meet their basic needs by
building water and wastewater systems; financing decent, affordable housing;
supporting electric power and rural businesses, including cooperatives; and
supporting community development with information and technical assistance
including broadband initiatives. USDA Rural Development representatives will be
available during the office day to answer questions and assist individuals with
applications in all program areas.

USDA Rural Development Housing Programs offer loans and grants to families with
very low to moderate income levels in towns and cities meeting certain
population requirements.

Loans are primarily used to help income eligible individuals or households
purchase homes in rural areas. Funds can be used to build, repair and renovate a
home, or to purchase and prepare sites with water and sewage faculties.

For very low-income families who own homes in need of repair, the Home Repair
Loan and Grant Program offers funding for renovations. Funding has previously
been requested to repair a leaking roof, make a home wheelchair accessible,
repair damaged or faulty wiring and to install a waste disposal system.

For more information regarding USDA Rural Development programs, please contact
the Angleton Office at (979) 849-5251, ext. 4 or by visiting our website at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 East Bernard Express


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Grant will be used to improve Pitts Street

BYLINE: By GARTH SNOW Executive Editor

SECTION: MCDUFFIE MIRROR; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 392 words


The city of Thomson will receive another $8 million Community Development Block
Grant to improve the Pitts Street area west of Jackson Street.

City administrator Don Powers credited the grant to the city's effective use of
past grants. "That's a tribute to the city's leadership," he said.

Gov. Nathan Deal's office made the announcement Friday. More than $38.8 million
in federal assistance will be distributed to Georgia communities.

Thomson's grant tied for the largest of the 70 CDBG allocations; Talbot County
also received that amount. Another 15 communities received employment incentive
program and redevelopment awards.

Mayor Kenneth Usry, in welcoming the grant, said the award is for a
multi-activity program, which includes water and sewer lines and street
improvements.

Powers said the city benefits from its record of effective spending of grants.
This award marks the third consecutive grant to Thomson, the fourth since 2006.

He said the mayor and the city council focus grant money in order to make a
difference.

"We don't let our grant money sit," Powers said.

According to the announcement from the governor's office, the State Community
Development Block Grant program provides a financial resource to Georgia's
smaller and rural communities to support projects that will create jobs and
assist low- and moderate-income residents.

The announcement said the 15 projects will leverage more than $450 million in
private investments for expansions to create 1,700 jobs.

Almost $33 million was allocated for CDBG awards. Projects include the upgrading
of water supplies, the provision of basic sewer services, health facilities,
senior citizen facilities, flood and drainage improvements and other
neighborhood revitalization projects.

The CDBG program is administered by the Georgia Department of Community Affairs
(DCA), which uses funds allocated through HUD to support local initiatives that
focus on improving living conditions and economic opportunities.

"We are pleased that these funds will be combined with private investments and
local funds to implement critical community and economic development projects.
Each year, CDBG investments demonstrate how the state and local partners working
together with the private sector can create a climate of success in local
communities for families and businesses," said DCA Commissioner Mike Beatty.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sun (Mount Vernon, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

Volunteers hit the street for surveys;
Effort part of CDG, Main Street Iowa marketing study

BYLINE: The Sun staff

LENGTH: 253  words


Mount Vernon-Lisbon Community Development Group (CDG) volunteers in association
with Main Street Iowa will be on the streets this week and next gathering random
consumer surveys as part of an in-depth market analysis study project.

A special project team assembled by CDG will be conducting the study with a goal
to fine-tune and enhance business development and marketing strategies in both
communities. Volunteers plan to be at shopping areas in uptown Mount Vernon as
well as at shopping areas along Hwy. 30 as part of the intercept survey process.
Future surveys will target business owners in those same locations.

"The consumer intercept surveys will give us personal data to validate the
geographic data," said Deb Herrmann, chair of the committee. "The entire market
analysis process will end with developing goal setting and a community profile
to share with potential business partners and developers. Through these surveys
we hope to get a better sense of the economic dynamics of Mount Vernon and
Lisbon."

Mount Vernon-Lisbon is one of six communities receiving technical assistance and
support from Main Street Iowa in 2014 to complete a local market study. The
United States Department of Agriculture Rural Community Development Initiative
funding and Community Development Block Grant funding were procured by the Iowa
Economic Development Authority to underwrite the market analysis training and
technical assistance.

More information about the study is available through Herrmann at
treasurer@visitmvl.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2014 The Sun (Mount Vernon, Iowa)


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

FR-5981-D-02 Redelegation of Authority to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries in
the Office of Community Planning and Development

LENGTH: 3714  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD)



  Action



 Notice of Redelegation of Authority to Deputy Assistant Secretaries in
Community Planning and Development.

 Summary



 Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, as
amended, provides authority to the Secretary to delegate functions, powers, and
duties as the Secretary deems necessary. By separate notice published in today's
Federal Register, the Secretary of HUD delegates concurrent authority to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. In this
notice, the Assistant Secretary of Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries and other specified HUD officials
all powers and authorities necessary to carry out Office of Community Planning
and Development (CPD) programs, except for those powers and authorities
specifically excluded.



 Dates



 Effective Date: January 10, 2017.

 For Further Information Contact



 Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Community Planning
and Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street
SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone number 202-708-2690. This
is not a toll-free number. For those needing assistance, this number may be
accessed via TTY by calling the Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339.

 Supplementary Information



 Published elsewhere today in the Federal Register is a revised consolidated
delegation of authority from the Secretary to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. This notice updates and revises
redelegations of authority to Deputy Assistant Secretaries within the Office of
Community Planning and Development. This notice supersedes all previous
redelegations of authority by the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development to CPD Deputy Assistant Secretaries and other specified HUD
officials in CPD, including a redelegation published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR
38853. Also published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is a redelegation of
authority from the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development to Directors and Deputy Directors of CPD in HUD Field Offices.

 Section A. General Redelegation of Authority

 1.



 Except those authorities specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Grant Programs all powers and authorities necessary to carry out
the following Community Planning and Development programs and matters:



 a. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); consolidated
plans, 24 CFR part 91.



 b. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part 92.



 c. Housing Trust Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises
Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of Public Law
110-289, 122 Stat. 2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568).



 d. Tax Credit Assistance Program (TCAP) as authorized under the HOME
Investments Partnership Program heading of Division A, Title XII of American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, 220-21.



 e. Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law
93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR
part 570 including:



 (1) Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program;



 (2) Section 108 Loan Guarantee program;



 (3) Economic development grants pursuant to Section 108(q);



 (4) Urban Development Action Grants



 (5) Neighborhood Stabilization Programs Under Housing and Economic Recovery Act
of 2008, Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII of Division A of the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115;
and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010,
Public Law 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note);




 (6) CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in annual and supplemental
HUD appropriations acts; and



 (7) Appalachian Regional Commission grants pursuant to section 214 of the
Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, Public Law 89-4, 79 Stat. 5
(codified as amended at 40 U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program
authorized under Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974,
Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.).




 f. Overall Departmental responsibility for policies, standards, procedures, and
advisory materials for compliance with the Uniform Relocation Assistance and
Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894
(1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24 (except
for the authority to exercise the Federal Agency waiver authority provided under
49 CFR 24.7).



 g. Environment, overall Departmental responsibility for compliance with the
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), Public Law 91-190, 83 Stat.
852 (1970) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), and the related laws
and authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5. The Director of the Office of
Environment and Energy, within the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Grant Programs, is designated to serve as the Departmental Environmental
Clearance Officer (DECO). The DECO serves as the Departmental lead in all
federal initiatives that address NEPA and other federal environmental laws and
authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5 and as the Departmental signatory for
environmental compliance MOUs with other federal agencies addressing compliance
at the regional and national level.



 h. Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal Program Under Title I of the Housing Act of
1949, Public Law 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and any program that is superseded or
inactive by, or inactive by reason of, Title I of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at
42 U.S.C. 5316).



 i. Rental Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing Act of 1937
§&thinsp;17, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1196 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 511.



 j. Section 312 Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964 §&thinsp;312,
Public Law 88-560, 78 Stat. 769 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 510.



 k. Homeownership Zone Initiative (HOZ) grants as provided for in section 205 of
the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997, Public Law 104-204, 110 Stat.
2874 (1996) and funded with recaptured Nehemiah grants authorized under Title VI
of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 101 Stat.
1815 (1988) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 17151 note).



 l. HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family Housing Program (HOPE 3), Title IV,
Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law
101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891).



 m. New Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development
Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983), 84
Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Recovery Act of 1983,
Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5b), and any other
functions, powers and duties which may affect the liquidation of the New
Communities program.



 n. Technical assistance and capacity building awards authorized under any
program or matter listed in Section A.1 and as provided for in annual and
supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act
2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)). Further, in the absence of the
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Director of the Office
of Block Grant Assistance all powers and authorities of the Assistant Secretary
necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in of Section A.1. paragraphs
e. and h. Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant
Programs, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Director of the Office of Affordable Housing Programs all
powers and authorities of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in Section
A.1. paragraphs b, c, d, f, g, and k.

 2. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs



 Except those authorities specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Special Needs all powers and authorities necessary to carry out
the following Community Planning and Development programs and matters:



 a. Title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77,
101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.), including
the following: Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants Program, 24
CFR part 576; Supportive Housing program, 24 CFR part 583; Shelter Plus Care
program, 24 CFR part 582; Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy
program, 24 CFR part 882, subpart H; Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578;
Rural Housing Stability Assistance program.



 b. Base Closure, Base Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless Assistance
Act of 1994, Public Law 103-421, 108 Stat. 4352 (codified as amended at 10
U.S.C. 2687 note); 24 CFR part 586.



 c. Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as authorized
under the Homelessness Prevention Fund heading of Division A, Title XII of the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115.




 d. Title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77,
101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended 42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.), 24 CFR part
581.



 e. Veterans Homelessness Prevention Demonstration Program, as provided for in
annual HUD appropriations act(s) (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub.
L. 111-8, 123 Stat. 524 (2009)).



 f. AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574.



 Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs,
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Director of the Office of Special Needs Programs all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in Section
A.2. paragraphs a., b., c., d., and e. Further, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Director of the
Community Assistance Division the authority to sign notices of available
properties and subsequent letters regarding the properties under Title V of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (codified as amended 42 U.S.C. 11411 et
seq.). Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special
Needs, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Director of the Office of HIV/AIDS Housing all powers and
authorities of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in Section A.2.
paragraph f.

 3. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Economic Development



 Except those authorities specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Economic Development all powers and authorities necessary to carry
out the following Community Planning and Development programs and matters:



 a. The Loan Guarantee Recovery Program under Section 4 of the Church Arson
Prevention Act of 1996, Public Law 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392; 24 CFR part 573.



 b. Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designated in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)).



 c. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3084 (2009)).



 d. Rural Housing and Economic Development grants specifically designated
originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65,
111 Stat. 1344 1997, and subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts.



 e. Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program (SHOP) under section 11 of the
Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, Public Law 104-120, 110 Stat.
834 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12805 note).



 f. Pilot Program to Rehabilitate and Modify Homes of Disabled and Low-Income
Veterans, as authorized under section 1079 of the Carl Levin and Howard P.
"Buck" McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, Public
Law 113-291, 128 Stat. 3292, 3521-3524 (2014).



 Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Economic
Development, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Director of the Rural Housing and Economic Development
Division all powers and authorities of the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development necessary to carry out programs and matters
listed in Section A.3.

 4. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations



 Except those authorities specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Operations and the Director of Technical Assistance and Management
all powers and authorities of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development necessary to carry out the following Community Planning and
Development programs and matters:



 a. Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized under any
program or matter delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development (e.g., section 107 of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1987, as amended and Section 4 Capacity Building for
Community Development and Affordable Housing Grants program as authorized by
Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (Pub. L. 103-120, 107 Stat. 1148,
42 U.S.C. 9816 note), as amended, and as provided for in annual and supplemental
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).



 b. All programs consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs)
established pursuant to Title II of the Independent Offices Appropriations Act,
Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5), including
all authority of the Assistant Secretary with respect to functions,
administration and management of the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs). Only
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development are
the responsible officials for allotments in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating
Programs).



 c. Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year
2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)).



 d. Grants for urban Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year
2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)).



 e. Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designated in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)).



 f. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3084 (2009)).



 g. The Renewal Communities (RC) Initiative as authorized under title 26,
subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, 26
U.S.C. 1400E et seq.; 24 CFR part 599.



 h. The urban Empowerment Zones (EZ), as authorized under title 26, subtitle A,
chapter 1, subchapter U of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26
U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR parts 597 and 598.

 Section B. General Authority Excepted



 The authority redelegated under Section A does not include:



 1. The authority to issue or waive regulations covered by section 7(q) of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development Act;



 2. The authority to exercise the Federal Agency waiver authority provided under
49 CFR 24.7;



 3. The authority to enter regulations or directives into Departmental
clearance; or



 4. Any authority not delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development under the Consolidated Delegation of
Authority for Community Planning and Development. The Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, or the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development may revoke at any time this redelegation
with respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A.

 Section C. Authority To Further Redelegate



 The authority redelegated in Section A may be further redelegated to employees
of the Department.

 Section D. Redelegations Superseded



 This notice supersedes all prior redelegations of authority to Deputy Assistant
Secretaries of Community Planning and Development, including the redelegation of
authority published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38853.

 Section E. Actions Ratified



 The Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development hereby
ratify all actions previously taken by the Deputy Assistant Secretaries for
Community Planning and Development, with respect to the programs and matters
listed in Section A.

 Authority



 Section 7(d), Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C.
3535(d).

 Dated: January 10, 2017.

 Harriet Tregoning,

 Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01244 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Daventry Express

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Grant scheme launched for Daventry district projects

LENGTH: 303  words


Local community groups and organisations can apply for funding of up to £1,000
from Daventry & District Housing (DDH).

The housing provider's Daventry and District Community Chest has returned for
2015 and is available for small projects that benefit the lives of communities
across the district.

DDH has earmarked funds for sustainable community projects or initiatives that
help improve health and wellbeing and provide a better quality of life to local
people.

This year, DDH is keen to invest in projects that benefit the community on a
medium to long-term basis. However, one off projects will also be considered.
People and groups across the district can apply, including schools and parish
councils.

Decisions on each application are made by a panel comprising DDH tenants and
local business representatives. The first of two selection panel meetings is
taking place soon and the next application deadline is Friday May 22 2015.

One recent project supported by DDH is an initiative run by the Green Acres
Rural Enterprise Centre in Staverton which helps families to learn more about
food through growing, cooking and healthy eating.

Sarah Sims, community development officer at DDH, said: "We are delighted to
once again be able to offer funding to local projects that will benefit the
community. Over the years the Community Chest has supported a range of people
and organisations, including historical societies, scout groups and charities.

"We understand just how challenging it can be to find money for new community
projects, either through fundraising or personal contributions. If you have an
idea or a project that could improve the health and wellbeing of local people
then we'd love to hear from you."

{http://www.ddh.org.uk| More information and application forms are available on
DDH's website | ddh.org.uk}.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHDE


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Wauchope Gazette

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday

Grants program starts

BYLINE: Peter Daniels

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 312 words


I was thrilled last week to be a part of the final process in the 2011/12
Community Grants Program and help allocate $190,000 to 48 community
organisations for local initiatives that will have a positive social impact on
the area. Organisations from across the LGA received money in four grant
categories - Environmental, Christmas / New Year Grants, Non-Council Owned Rural
Halls and the largest category Community Development Grants. Non-profit
community groups and organisations are vital for improving the quality of life
and well being of the people of the Hastings.

Through this sizeable grant program Council can ensure that general rate funds
are distributed directly to these organisations. This year, everything from
Landcare, to community Christmas events, youth services and a forum on social
media run by Lifeline is represented, which means there would be very few people
across the Hastings that won't be able to participate in an event or activity
supported through this Grant Program. Comboyne Spring Fair - I enjoyed a day out
at the Comboyne Spring Fair at the weekend and the fine weather certainly made
it even more enjoyable for the lively crowd. It was great to see positive
patronage for such a fantastic community and family event which had something to
offer everyone. Rural Consultation heads to Long Flat - Comboyne residents were
also pleased with last week's Rural Consultation visit and the opportunity to
raise local issues with Council staff. I joined the General Manager and
Directors on a number of site visits and then met directly with members of the
community. These forums are always a great opportunity for Port
Macquarie-Hastings village residents to meet face to face with Council
representatives and discuss some of the issues relevant to their area. Council
will be visiting Long Flat on October 5 and Pappinbarra on October 12.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Enniscorthy Guardian (Ireland)

                          September 5, 2007 Wednesday

Meeting to discuss merger of two local community groups

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


A MEETING will take place tonight (Wednesday) to discuss the possible merger of
two local community groups.

Officials are gathering tonight to discuss the amalgamation of County Wexford
Partnership and WORD.

Based on Mill Park Road, in Enniscorthy, County Wexford Partnership, provides
services to people in the county. It is a rural partnership providing training
and education, employment initiatives, traveller community support, starting up
new business grant aid, community development projects, smallholder
opportunities and more.

Wexford Organisation for Rural Development Ltd (WORD) was established in 1992
and plays a similar role.

It has a key strategic role to play in promoting an innovative and comprehensive
approach to the long-term development of rural Wexford and improve the quality
of life in these areas.

WORD works to provide grant aid and supports to communities in rural areas,
empowering local communities, businesses and individuals in these areas to
identify their needs and devise appropriate solutions.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Gorey Guardian (Ireland)

                          September 5, 2007 Wednesday

Meeting to discuss merger of two local community groups

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


A MEETING will take place tonight (Wednesday) to discuss the possible merger of
two local community groups.

Officials are gathering tonight to discuss the amalgamation of County Wexford
Partnership and WORD.

Based on Mill Park Road, in Enniscorthy, County Wexford Partnership, provides
services to people in the county. It is a rural partnership providing training
and education, employment initiatives, traveller community support, starting up
new business grant aid, community development projects, smallholder
opportunities and more.

Wexford Organisation for Rural Development Ltd (WORD) was established in 1992
and plays a similar role.

It has a key strategic role to play in promoting an innovative and comprehensive
approach to the long-term development of rural Wexford and improve the quality
of life in these areas.

WORD works to provide grant aid and supports to communities in rural areas,
empowering local communities, businesses and individuals in these areas to
identify their needs and devise appropriate solutions.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Redelegation of Authority to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries
in the Office of Community Planning and Development Pages 6611 - 6615 [FR DOC #
2017-01244]

LENGTH: 3773  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5981-D-02]
Redelegation of Authority to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries in the Office of
Community Planning and Development AGENCY: Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, HUD. [[Page 6612]] ACTION: Notice of
Redelegation of Authority to Deputy Assistant Secretaries in Community Planning
and Development.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, as amended,
provides authority to the Secretary to delegate functions, powers, and duties as
the Secretary deems necessary. By separate notice published in today's Federal
Register, the Secretary of HUD delegates concurrent authority to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.

In this notice, the Assistant Secretary of Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries and other specified
HUD officials all powers and authorities necessary to carry out Office of
Community Planning and Development (CPD) programs, except for those powers and
authorities specifically excluded. DATES: Effective Date: January 10, 2017. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant Secretary,
Office of Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing and Urban
Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone
number 202-708-2690. This is not a toll-free number. For those needing
assistance, this number may be accessed via TTY by calling the Federal Relay
Service at 800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Published elsewhere today in
the Federal Register is a revised consolidated delegation of authority from the
Secretary to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.
This notice updates and revises redelegations of authority to Deputy Assistant
Secretaries within the Office of Community Planning and Development. This notice
supersedes all previous redelegations of authority by the Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development to CPD Deputy Assistant Secretaries and
other specified HUD officials in CPD, including a redelegation published on June
29, 2012 at 77 FR 38853. Also published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is
a redelegation of authority from the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development to Directors and Deputy Directors of CPD in HUD Field
Offices. Section A. General Redelegation of Authority 1. Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Grant Programs Except those authorities specifically excluded, the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs all powers and authorities
necessary to carry out the following Community Planning and Development programs
and matters: a. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I
of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625,
104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.);
consolidated plans, 24 CFR part 91. b. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act,
Title II of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law
101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.);
24 CFR part 92. c. Housing Trust Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing
Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of
Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568). d. Tax Credit
Assistance Program (TCAP) as authorized under the HOME Investments Partnership
Program heading of Division A, Title XII of American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, 220-21. e. Title I of the Housing
and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified
as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR part 570 including: (1) Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) program; (2) Section 108 Loan Guarantee program;
(3) Economic development grants pursuant to Section 108(q); (4) Urban
Development Action Grants (5) Neighborhood Stabilization Programs Under Housing
and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII
of Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law
111-5, 123 Stat. 115; and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, Public Law 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note); (6) CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in
annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts; and (7) Appalachian Regional
Commission grants pursuant to section 214 of the Appalachian Regional
Development Act of 1965, Public Law 89-4, 79 Stat. 5 (codified as amended at 40
U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program authorized under Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.). f. Overall Departmental
responsibility for policies, standards, procedures, and advisory materials for
compliance with the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition
Policies Act of 1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24 (except for the authority to
exercise the Federal Agency waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7). g.
Environment, overall Departmental responsibility for compliance with the
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), Public Law 91-190, 83 Stat.
852 (1970) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4321- 4347), and the related laws
and authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5. The Director of the Office of
Environment and Energy, within the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Grant Programs, is designated to serve as the Departmental Environmental
Clearance Officer (DECO). The DECO serves as the Departmental lead in all
federal initiatives that address NEPA and other federal environmental laws and
authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5 and as the Departmental signatory for
environmental compliance MOUs with other federal agencies addressing compliance
at the regional and national level. h. Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal Program
Under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, Public Law 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and
any program that is superseded or inactive by, or inactive by reason of, Title I
of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, [[Page 6613]] Public Law
93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316). i. Rental
Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing Act of 1937 Sec. 17, Public Law
98-181, 97 Stat. 1196 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 511. j. Section 312
Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964 Sec. 312, Public Law 88-560, 78
Stat. 769 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 510. k. Homeownership Zone Initiative
(HOZ) grants as provided for in section 205 of the Departments of Veterans
Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies
Appropriations Act, 1997, Public Law 104-204, 110 Stat. 2874 (1996) and funded
with recaptured Nehemiah grants authorized under Title VI of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988)
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 17151 note). l. HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family
Housing Program (HOPE 3), Title IV, Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at
42 U.S.C. 12891). m. New Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and
Urban Development Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983),
Section 726 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, Public Law 91-609
(repealed 1983), 84 Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural
Recovery Act of 1983, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C.
1701g-5b), and any other functions, powers and duties which may affect the
liquidation of the New Communities program. n. Technical assistance and capacity
building awards authorized under any program or matter listed in Section A.1 and
as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).
Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs,
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Director of the Office of Block Grant Assistance all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary necessary to carry out programs and
matters listed in of Section A.1. paragraphs e. and h. Further, in the absence
of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs, the Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Director of
the Office of Affordable Housing Programs all powers and authorities of the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development necessary to
carry out programs and matters listed in Section A.1. paragraphs b, c, d, f, g,
and k. 2. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs Except those authorities
specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs
all powers and authorities necessary to carry out the following Community
Planning and Development programs and matters: a. Title IV of the McKinney-Vento
Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.), including the following: Emergency Shelter
Grants/ Emergency Solutions Grants Program, 24 CFR part 576; Supportive Housing
program, 24 CFR part 583; Shelter Plus Care program, 24 CFR part 582; Moderate
Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy program, 24 CFR part 882, subpart H;
Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578; Rural Housing Stability Assistance
program. b. Base Closure, Base Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless
Assistance Act of 1994, Public Law 103-421, 108 Stat. 4352 (codified as amended
at 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 24 CFR part 586. c. Homelessness Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund
heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. d. Title V of the McKinney-Vento
Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as
amended 42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.), 24 CFR part 581. e. Veterans Homelessness
Prevention Demonstration Program, as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
act(s) (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. 111-8, 123 Stat. 524
(2009)). f. AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574.
Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs, the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
the Director of the Office of Special Needs Programs all powers and authorities
of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in Section A.2. paragraphs
a., b., c., d., and e. Further, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development redelegate to the Director of the Community Assistance
Division the authority to sign notices of available properties and subsequent
letters regarding the properties under Title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless
Assistance Act (codified as amended 42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.). Further, in the
absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs, the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the
Director of the Office of HIV/AIDS Housing all powers and authorities of the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development necessary to
carry out programs and matters listed in Section A.2. paragraph f. 3. Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Economic Development Except those authorities
specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy [[Page 6614]] Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Economic Development all powers and authorities necessary to carry out the
following Community Planning and Development programs and matters: a. The Loan
Guarantee Recovery Program under Section 4 of the Church Arson Prevention Act of
1996, Public Law 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392; 24 CFR part 573. b. Neighborhood
Initiatives grants specifically designated in annual HUD appropriations acts
(e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3034
(2009)). c. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). d. Rural Housing and Economic Development
grants specifically designated originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD
Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 1997, and subsequent
annual HUD appropriations acts. e. Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program
(SHOP) under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of
1996, Public Law 104-120, 110 Stat. 834 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12805
note). f. Pilot Program to Rehabilitate and Modify Homes of Disabled and
Low-Income Veterans, as authorized under section 1079 of the Carl Levin and
Howard P. ``Buck'' McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2015, Public Law 113-291, 128 Stat. 3292, 3521-3524 (2014). Further, in the
absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Economic Development, the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
the Director of the Rural Housing and Economic Development Division all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in Section
A.3. 4. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations Except those authorities
specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations and
the Director of Technical Assistance and Management all powers and authorities
of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
necessary to carry out the following Community Planning and Development programs
and matters: a. Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized
under any program or matter delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development (e.g., section 107 of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1987, as amended and Section 4 Capacity Building
for Community Development and Affordable Housing Grants program as authorized by
Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (Pub. L. 103-120, 107 Stat. 1148,
42 U.S.C. 9816 note), as amended, and as provided for in annual and supplemental
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)). b. All programs consolidated in the Revolving
Fund (Liquidating Programs) established pursuant to Title II of the Independent
Offices Appropriations Act, Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified at
12 U.S.C. 1701g-5), including all authority of the Assistant Secretary with
respect to functions, administration and management of the Revolving Fund
(Liquidating Programs). Only the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development are the responsible officials for allotments in the Revolving
Fund (Liquidating Programs). c. Economic Development Initiative grants, as
provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated
Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11
(2003)). d. Grants for urban Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)). e. Neighborhood Initiatives
grants specifically designated in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)).
f. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3084 (2009)). g. The Renewal Communities (RC) Initiative as authorized under
title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code, as
amended, 26 U.S.C. 1400E et seq.; 24 CFR part 599. h. The urban Empowerment
Zones (EZ), as authorized under title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of
the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24
CFR parts 597 and 598. Section B. General Authority Excepted The authority
redelegated under Section A does not include: 1. The authority to issue or waive
regulations covered by section 7(q) of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development Act; 2. The authority to exercise the Federal Agency waiver
authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7; 3. The authority to enter regulations or
directives into Departmental clearance; or 4. Any authority not delegated to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development under the
Consolidated Delegation of Authority for Community Planning and Development. The
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, or the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development may revoke at
any time this redelegation with respect to the programs and matters listed in
Section A. Section C. Authority To Further Redelegate The authority redelegated
in Section A may be further redelegated to employees of the Department. [[Page
6615]] Section D. Redelegations Superseded This notice supersedes all prior
redelegations of authority to Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Community Planning
and Development, including the redelegation of authority published on June 29,
2012 at 77 FR 38853. Section E. Actions Ratified The Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development hereby ratify all actions previously
taken by the Deputy Assistant Secretaries for Community Planning and
Development, with respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A.
Authority: Section 7(d), Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42
U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated: January 10, 2017. Harriet Tregoning, Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. [FR Doc. 2017-01244
Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Redelegation of Authority to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries
in the Office of Community Planning and Development Pages 6611 - 6615 [FR DOC #
2017-01244]

LENGTH: 3773  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5981-D-02]
Redelegation of Authority to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries in the Office of
Community Planning and Development AGENCY: Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, HUD. [[Page 6612]] ACTION: Notice of
Redelegation of Authority to Deputy Assistant Secretaries in Community Planning
and Development.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, as amended,
provides authority to the Secretary to delegate functions, powers, and duties as
the Secretary deems necessary. By separate notice published in today's Federal
Register, the Secretary of HUD delegates concurrent authority to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.

In this notice, the Assistant Secretary of Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries and other specified
HUD officials all powers and authorities necessary to carry out Office of
Community Planning and Development (CPD) programs, except for those powers and
authorities specifically excluded. DATES: Effective Date: January 10, 2017. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant Secretary,
Office of Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing and Urban
Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone
number 202-708-2690. This is not a toll-free number. For those needing
assistance, this number may be accessed via TTY by calling the Federal Relay
Service at 800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Published elsewhere today in
the Federal Register is a revised consolidated delegation of authority from the
Secretary to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.
This notice updates and revises redelegations of authority to Deputy Assistant
Secretaries within the Office of Community Planning and Development. This notice
supersedes all previous redelegations of authority by the Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development to CPD Deputy Assistant Secretaries and
other specified HUD officials in CPD, including a redelegation published on June
29, 2012 at 77 FR 38853. Also published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is
a redelegation of authority from the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development to Directors and Deputy Directors of CPD in HUD Field
Offices. Section A. General Redelegation of Authority 1. Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Grant Programs Except those authorities specifically excluded, the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs all powers and authorities
necessary to carry out the following Community Planning and Development programs
and matters: a. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I
of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625,
104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.);
consolidated plans, 24 CFR part 91. b. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act,
Title II of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law
101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.);
24 CFR part 92. c. Housing Trust Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing
Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of
Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568). d. Tax Credit
Assistance Program (TCAP) as authorized under the HOME Investments Partnership
Program heading of Division A, Title XII of American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, 220-21. e. Title I of the Housing
and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified
as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR part 570 including: (1) Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) program; (2) Section 108 Loan Guarantee program;
(3) Economic development grants pursuant to Section 108(q); (4) Urban
Development Action Grants (5) Neighborhood Stabilization Programs Under Housing
and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat. 2850; Title XII
of Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law
111-5, 123 Stat. 115; and Section 1497 of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, Public Law 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (codified as amended
at 42 U.S.C. 5301 note); (6) CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants as provided for in
annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts; and (7) Appalachian Regional
Commission grants pursuant to section 214 of the Appalachian Regional
Development Act of 1965, Public Law 89-4, 79 Stat. 5 (codified as amended at 40
U.S.C. 14507) and consistent with the CDBG program authorized under Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.). f. Overall Departmental
responsibility for policies, standards, procedures, and advisory materials for
compliance with the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition
Policies Act of 1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894 (1971) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24 (except for the authority to
exercise the Federal Agency waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7). g.
Environment, overall Departmental responsibility for compliance with the
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), Public Law 91-190, 83 Stat.
852 (1970) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4321- 4347), and the related laws
and authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5. The Director of the Office of
Environment and Energy, within the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Grant Programs, is designated to serve as the Departmental Environmental
Clearance Officer (DECO). The DECO serves as the Departmental lead in all
federal initiatives that address NEPA and other federal environmental laws and
authorities cited in 24 CFR 50.4 and 58.5 and as the Departmental signatory for
environmental compliance MOUs with other federal agencies addressing compliance
at the regional and national level. h. Slum Clearance and Urban Renewal Program
Under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, Public Law 81-171, 63 Stat. 413 and
any program that is superseded or inactive by, or inactive by reason of, Title I
of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, [[Page 6613]] Public Law
93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316). i. Rental
Rehabilitation Program, United States Housing Act of 1937 Sec. 17, Public Law
98-181, 97 Stat. 1196 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 511. j. Section 312
Rehabilitation Loan Program, Housing Act of 1964 Sec. 312, Public Law 88-560, 78
Stat. 769 (repealed 1990); 24 CFR part 510. k. Homeownership Zone Initiative
(HOZ) grants as provided for in section 205 of the Departments of Veterans
Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies
Appropriations Act, 1997, Public Law 104-204, 110 Stat. 2874 (1996) and funded
with recaptured Nehemiah grants authorized under Title VI of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988)
(codified at 12 U.S.C. 17151 note). l. HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family
Housing Program (HOPE 3), Title IV, Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at
42 U.S.C. 12891). m. New Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and
Urban Development Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983),
Section 726 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, Public Law 91-609
(repealed 1983), 84 Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural
Recovery Act of 1983, Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C.
1701g-5b), and any other functions, powers and duties which may affect the
liquidation of the New Communities program. n. Technical assistance and capacity
building awards authorized under any program or matter listed in Section A.1 and
as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).
Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs,
the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Director of the Office of Block Grant Assistance all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary necessary to carry out programs and
matters listed in of Section A.1. paragraphs e. and h. Further, in the absence
of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs, the Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Director of
the Office of Affordable Housing Programs all powers and authorities of the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development necessary to
carry out programs and matters listed in Section A.1. paragraphs b, c, d, f, g,
and k. 2. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs Except those authorities
specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs
all powers and authorities necessary to carry out the following Community
Planning and Development programs and matters: a. Title IV of the McKinney-Vento
Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.), including the following: Emergency Shelter
Grants/ Emergency Solutions Grants Program, 24 CFR part 576; Supportive Housing
program, 24 CFR part 583; Shelter Plus Care program, 24 CFR part 582; Moderate
Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy program, 24 CFR part 882, subpart H;
Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578; Rural Housing Stability Assistance
program. b. Base Closure, Base Closure Community Redevelopment and Homeless
Assistance Act of 1994, Public Law 103-421, 108 Stat. 4352 (codified as amended
at 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 24 CFR part 586. c. Homelessness Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program (HPRP), as authorized under the Homelessness Prevention Fund
heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. d. Title V of the McKinney-Vento
Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as
amended 42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.), 24 CFR part 581. e. Veterans Homelessness
Prevention Demonstration Program, as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
act(s) (e.g., Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. 111-8, 123 Stat. 524
(2009)). f. AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574.
Further, in the absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs, the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
the Director of the Office of Special Needs Programs all powers and authorities
of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in Section A.2. paragraphs
a., b., c., d., and e. Further, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development redelegate to the Director of the Community Assistance
Division the authority to sign notices of available properties and subsequent
letters regarding the properties under Title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless
Assistance Act (codified as amended 42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.). Further, in the
absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs, the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to the
Director of the Office of HIV/AIDS Housing all powers and authorities of the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development necessary to
carry out programs and matters listed in Section A.2. paragraph f. 3. Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Economic Development Except those authorities
specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy [[Page 6614]] Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Economic Development all powers and authorities necessary to carry out the
following Community Planning and Development programs and matters: a. The Loan
Guarantee Recovery Program under Section 4 of the Church Arson Prevention Act of
1996, Public Law 104-155, 110 Stat. 1392; 24 CFR part 573. b. Neighborhood
Initiatives grants specifically designated in annual HUD appropriations acts
(e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3034
(2009)). c. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). d. Rural Housing and Economic Development
grants specifically designated originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD
Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 1997, and subsequent
annual HUD appropriations acts. e. Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program
(SHOP) under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of
1996, Public Law 104-120, 110 Stat. 834 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12805
note). f. Pilot Program to Rehabilitate and Modify Homes of Disabled and
Low-Income Veterans, as authorized under section 1079 of the Carl Levin and
Howard P. ``Buck'' McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2015, Public Law 113-291, 128 Stat. 3292, 3521-3524 (2014). Further, in the
absence of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Economic Development, the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
the Director of the Rural Housing and Economic Development Division all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development necessary to carry out programs and matters listed in Section
A.3. 4. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations Except those authorities
specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development redelegate to the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations and
the Director of Technical Assistance and Management all powers and authorities
of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
necessary to carry out the following Community Planning and Development programs
and matters: a. Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized
under any program or matter delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development (e.g., section 107 of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1987, as amended and Section 4 Capacity Building
for Community Development and Affordable Housing Grants program as authorized by
Section 4 of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (Pub. L. 103-120, 107 Stat. 1148,
42 U.S.C. 9816 note), as amended, and as provided for in annual and supplemental
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)). b. All programs consolidated in the Revolving
Fund (Liquidating Programs) established pursuant to Title II of the Independent
Offices Appropriations Act, Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified at
12 U.S.C. 1701g-5), including all authority of the Assistant Secretary with
respect to functions, administration and management of the Revolving Fund
(Liquidating Programs). Only the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development are the responsible officials for allotments in the Revolving
Fund (Liquidating Programs). c. Economic Development Initiative grants, as
provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated
Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11
(2003)). d. Grants for urban Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual
HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal
Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)). e. Neighborhood Initiatives
grants specifically designated in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)).
f. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3084 (2009)). g. The Renewal Communities (RC) Initiative as authorized under
title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code, as
amended, 26 U.S.C. 1400E et seq.; 24 CFR part 599. h. The urban Empowerment
Zones (EZ), as authorized under title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of
the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24
CFR parts 597 and 598. Section B. General Authority Excepted The authority
redelegated under Section A does not include: 1. The authority to issue or waive
regulations covered by section 7(q) of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development Act; 2. The authority to exercise the Federal Agency waiver
authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7; 3. The authority to enter regulations or
directives into Departmental clearance; or 4. Any authority not delegated to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development under the
Consolidated Delegation of Authority for Community Planning and Development. The
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, or the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development may revoke at
any time this redelegation with respect to the programs and matters listed in
Section A. Section C. Authority To Further Redelegate The authority redelegated
in Section A may be further redelegated to employees of the Department. [[Page
6615]] Section D. Redelegations Superseded This notice supersedes all prior
redelegations of authority to Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Community Planning
and Development, including the redelegation of authority published on June 29,
2012 at 77 FR 38853. Section E. Actions Ratified The Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development hereby ratify all actions previously
taken by the Deputy Assistant Secretaries for Community Planning and
Development, with respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A.
Authority: Section 7(d), Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42
U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated: January 10, 2017. Harriet Tregoning, Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. [FR Doc. 2017-01244
Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 16, 2015

Applications sought to expand Economic Development

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 391  words


USDA Rural Development is seeking applications for grants to support rural
community economic development.

Approximately $4 million will be made available under the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) program. Eligible applicants include public,
private, and non-profit intermediaries, and federally recognized tribes.

"This funding from USDA will ensure that technical and financial assistance is
available for those who wish to improve the quality of life in rural
communities," Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Lisa Mensah said
during her announcement. "Very often, great visions for better rural communities
exist, but the next steps toward positive change are unclear. These grants will
help rural communities build a path to community economic development so rural
America can share in the nation's economic recovery."

RCDI grants can be used to provide training or technical assistance. Training
may focus on homeownership education, minority business entrepreneurship,
strategic community planning, or accessing alternative funding sources.
Intermediary organizations must provide matching funds at least equal to the
RCDI grant. Grants range from $50,000 to $250,000.

USDA has invested more than $33 million through the RCDI program since 2009. In
2014, the Minnesota Housing Partnership was selected to receive a $130,000 grant
to provide technical assistance and training for the Rosebud Economic
Development Corporation -- a non-profit organization of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe
in Minnesota. Funding will go towards the development of sustainable affordable
housing and community and economic development programs on the Rosebud Sioux
Reservation.

"It is absolutely crucial that we continue to support housing, community
facilities, and community economic development in rural communities to ensure
sustainability well into the future," USDA Rural Development State Director for
Minnesota Colleen Land-kamer said. "This program aids that effort by supporting
partnerships with economic development organizations that can assist with
creating more job opportunities for rural residents through technical
assistance, training and financial support."

For information on how to apply contact your local Rural Development Area Office
or see Page 27887 of the 5/15 Federal Register. Applications must be submitted
by Aug. 13.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $38,790 Planning Grant to the
Town of Rosedale

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $38,790 planning grant to the town of
Rosedale for a wastewater and storm water planning study through the state's
Office of Community and Rural Affairs.

"We are pleased to support the planning grant which will begin the process of
addressing the wastewater issues experienced by the town of Rosedale," said Lt.
Governor Ellspermann.  "By taking this step, Rosedale is on the path to
improving infrastructure for its residents."

The wastewater portion of the study for Rosedale will focus on the evaluation of
both the collection and treatment systems.  While the storm water portion of the
study will focus on the entire drainage system of the community.

The majority of the funding comes from the federal Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program, which has proven to be an effective tool for
community-based planning and research initiatives. Rosedale provided a local
match of $4,310.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Horowhenua Mail (New Zealand)

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

In brief

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 190 words


UFB COMING

Otaki, Foxton and Shannon are among the towns that will receive ultra-fast
broadband, under phase two of the Government's rural broadband initiative
programme.

Phase two will extend to an additional 151 towns and 43 suburban fringe areas
located around the larger centres covered by the first phase of the programme,
including Levin.

It will start in 2017 and be completed between 2018 and 2024. UFB uses
fibre-optic cables and can typically provide download speeds of up to 100
megabits per second and, in some areas, up to 1000 Mbps.

APPLICATIONS OPEN

Horowhenua District Council is again inviting applications for funding from the
community grants schemes it administers.

Applications to the Horowhenua Community Development Grant, Community
Consultation Grant, Creative Communities Grant and the Shannon Community
Development Grant, for round two of the 2016/2017 financial year, close on
February 28.

Visit the council website for more information.

CORRECTION

An article about the Manakau Hotel last week wrongly reported that members of
the public opposed the pub's licence. They opposed the pub's practices in
regards to live music.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $38,000 Planning Grant to the
Town of Bainbridge

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $38,000 planning grant to the town of
Bainbridge for a comprehensive plan through the state's Office of Community and
Rural Affairs.

"Planning grants are an important first step as communities consider the best
way to attract new businesses and strengthen their town," said Lt. Governor
Ellspermann.  "We are pleased to support the grant request from the town of
Bainbridge as community leaders and residents explore ways to improve their
community."

The planning grant for the town of Bainbridge will be used to assess current
trends and make future projections.  It will also help Bainbridge develop a core
vision by establishing goals, policies, and objectives for future growth, land
use, and supporting infrastructure.

The majority of the funding comes from the federal Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program, which has proven to be an effective tool for
community-based planning and research initiatives. Bainbridge provided a local
match of $4,240.

The CDBG program is administered by the Indiana Office of Community and Rural
Affairs.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                 July 25, 2002

Trust grant will refurbish hall

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 251 words


MORETONHAMPSTEAD parish hall is to receive a grant of £2,500 from the Carnegie
UK Trust. The money will be used to convert an existing room so that it can be
used for events such as parenting classes, MP surgeries and exhibitions. The
grant is part of the Carnegie UK Trust's long-running programme to widen the
useof village halls as centres of services for the community.

It links with a new million-pound initiative announced a year ago, to encourage
community development in villages and rural areas.

Since 1991 the Trust has donated almost a million pounds to improve facilities
at over 500 village and community halls in the UK and Ireland.

The group's secretary, John Naylor, said: "Village halls are an integral part
ofrural life and we are keen to do everything we can to extend their range and
enhance the quality of life for small communities.

"As a result of this concern, we announced a new programme in 2001 to support
imaginative schemes to energise hard-pressed rural areas.

"We are prepared to give grants to groups of up to £10,000 each for anything
from setting up a child care centre or surgery to establishing a cybervillage.
Together with a continuing programme for supporting village halls, we hope this
will make a difference." The Carnegie UK Trust is one of Britain's oldest
trusts, set up in 1913 by Andrew Carnegie, a Scottish-American industrialist.
Ithas donated over £25 million since its foundation, and last year granted over
£1million.


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                 Copyright 2002 Western Morning News (Plymouth)


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Ukiah Daily Journal (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday

USDA invests $12 million in county

BYLINE: Zack Cinek, The Ukiah Daily Journal, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 334 words


Dec. 31--USDA invests $12 million in county

The United States Department of Agriculture has invested about $12 million in
Mendocino County in the form of business loans, grants and other programs.

The $12 million in Department of Agriculture money came to Mendocino County
during fiscal year 2008, from October 1, 2007, through September 30, 2008, Sarah
Pursley said. Pursley is a Davis-based public information coordinator with USDA
Rural Development.

In the category of business programs, $9.1 million was dispersed in the form of
guaranteed loans through a private lender except for a $50,000 "rural business
enterprise grant," Pursley stated.

Projects were located in Mendocino, Little River, Ukiah and two in Potter
Valley.

In the category of community programs, $1.2 million came to the county,
information from Pursley stated. Covelo Community Services District received a
grant of $692,000 for a waste water project.

A loan of $400,000 went to Anderson Valley Health Center. As part of a "rural
communities development initiative," a grant of $125,000 went to fund housing
projects for tribal organizations.

For "multi-family housing programs," $1 million went to a housing project. It
was a loan of $1 million to Round Valley Indian Reservation to cover a portion
of expenses for a 10-unit housing project for tribal members.

For those living on USDA-financed properties, $715,000 came to Mendocino County
to ensure that families living in USDA-financed properties do

not spend more than 30 percent of their income on rent.

Zack Cinek can be reached at udjzc@pacific.net

To see more of The Ukiah Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ukiahdailyjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Ukiah Daily Journal,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081231-UJ-USDA-invests-12-million-in-county-1231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UJ


                                 Copyright 2008


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Northern Star (Clinton, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2015

USD A Seeks Applications To Expand Rural Economic Develop.

BYLINE: The Northern Star staff

LENGTH: 393  words


USDA Rural Development is seeking applications for grants to support rural
community economic development.

Approximately $4 million will be made available under the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) program. Eligible applicants include public,
private, and non-profit intermediaries, and federally recognized tribes.

"This funding from USDA will ensure that technical and financial assistance is
available for those who wish to improve the quality of life in rural
communities," Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Lisa Mensah said
during her announcement. "Very often, great visions for better rural communities
exist, but the next steps toward positive change are unclear. These grants will
help rural communities build a path to community economic development so rural
America can share in the nation's economic recovery."

RCDI grants can be used to provide training or technical assistance. Training
may focus on homeownership education, minority business entrepreneur ship,
strategic community planning, or accessing alternative funding sources.
Intermediary organizations must provide matching funds at least equal to the
RCDI grant.

Grants range from $50,000 to $250,000.

USDA has invested more than $33 million through the RCDI program since 2009. In
2014, the Minnesota Housing Partnership was selected to receive a $130,000 grant
to provide technical assistance and training for the Rosebud Economic
Development Corporation -- a non-profit organization of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe
in Minnesota. Funding will go towards the development of sustainable affordable
housing and community and economic development programs on the Rosebud Sioux
Reservation.

"It is absolutely crucial that we continue to support housing, community
facilities, and community economic development in rural communities to ensure
sustainability well into the future," USDA Rural Development State Director for
Minnesota Colleen Land-kamer said. "This program aids that effort by supporting
partnerships with economic development organizations that can assist with
creating more job opportunities for rural residents through technical
assistance, training and financial support."

For information on how to apply contact your local Rural Development Area Office
or see Page 27887 of the 5/15 Federal Register. Applications must be submitted
by August 13, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Northern Star


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $40,000 Planning Grant to the
Town of Laconia

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $40,000 planning grant to the town of
Laconia for a comprehensive plan through the state's Office of Community and
Rural Affairs.

"Planning grants are an important tool as communities consider the best way to
attract new businesses and increase prosperity in their town," said Lt. Governor
Ellspermann.  "We are pleased to support the grant request from the town of
Laconia as community leaders and residents explore ways to improve their
community."

The planning grant for the town of Laconia will be used to determine new avenues
for community and economic development as well as assess current trends and make
future projections.  It will also help Laconia establish goals and policies to
fulfill a new vision.

The majority of the funding comes from the federal Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program, which has proven to be an effective tool for
community-based planning and research initiatives. Laconia provided a local
match of $4,445.

The CDBG program is administered by the Indiana Office of Community and Rural
Affairs.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Washington Times-Herald (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Leadership Daviess County working on HCI grant

BYLINE: Lindsay Owens, Washington Times-Herald, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 753 words


March 16--Members of the Leadership Daviess County Class will be busy spending
the next several days putting together a Hometown Collaboration Initiative grant
in hopes of making Washington an even better place to live, work and play.

Cindy Barber, community development associate educator with Purdue Extension
Daviess County, said late last week the group, as well as Leadership Daviess
County alumni,met with Washington Mayor Joe Wellman about submitting the
application.

"We had a great meeting with Mayor Wellman," said Barber. "Now we are looking
for people who would like to get involved with HCI by serving on the
coordinating team."

Barber said anyone interested in making a difference in the community is welcome
to join in the effort. The application is due Mar. 31.

"If you're passionate about making a difference and are open to new approaches
for strengthening our community, get in touch with me," said Barber. "We're
looking for a diverse group of individuals."

That diverse group includes individuals from business/industry, education, local
and regional government, health care, social services, faith-based groups,
non-profits and more. The group should also include youth, the elderly and
minorities.

Bo Beaulieu, Purdue Center for Regional Development director and Extension
Community Development Program assistant director said HCI can be beneficial to
smaller communities.

"HCI provides smaller communities with the ability to make a difference," said
Beaulieu. "HCI gives communities the tools, skills and strategies they need to
make their hometowns the best they can be."

Barber said this is an opportunity available only to communities or counties
with fewer than 25,000 residents. Five communities or counties will be selected
to participate in this round. Those selected will work through three phases of
the HCI initiative beginning with the Foundation Phase. This initiative intended
to help develop new leaders, promote small businesses and entrepreneurs. It can
also be used to invest through community design, public space development, local
foods or other quality of life initiatives.

The Foundation Phase will require members of the coordinating team to study and
discuss facts and other information about their community. They will also need
to invite local residents to share thoughts on local priorities. To complete the
first phase, the coordinating team will need to complete 18 to 24 hours of
training and information gathering divided into six sessions. A community survey
will also need to be launched by the coordinating team.

The second phase requires the coordinating team to select either leadership,
economy or placemaking to focus their efforts. Since the Leadership Daviess
County program is already working to develop new generations of leaders, Barber
said the group likely would choose either placemaking or the economy building
block.

An additional 18 to 30 hours would then be spent meeting and planning this phase
of the project.

"The number of hours spent may vary a little depending on which building block
is chosen," said Barber. Once that phase is complete, communities can submit a
Pathway Project proposal, the final phase, to the state HCI State Team.

The proposal must include the purpose of the project, the actions that will be
performed, the benefits to the community and the financial resources the team
has secured to carry out the project.

Local proposals will be reviewed by members of the HCI State Team and the state
team may recommend adjustments to the proposal.

Barber said training will be provided by a team of subject matter experts from
the Indiana Office of Rural and Community Affairs or OCRA, Purdue University's
Center for Regional Development and Extension Community Development and Ball
State University's Indiana Communities Institutes.

Bill Konyha, ORCA executive director said HCI can transform communities.

"I am proud to have witnessed the transformation of out previous HCI
communities," he said. "HCI helps in establishing local capacity, it encourages
communities to focus on collaboration as an economic driver and it is helping
communities move forward."

Some of the communities who have taken part in HCI include Corydon, Seymour and
Rush County among others.

Those interested in becoming a part of the coordinating team should contact
Barber at 812-254-1060 ext. 279.

___ (c)2017 Washington Times-Herald (Washington, Ind.) Visit Washington
Times-Herald (Washington, Ind.) at washtimesherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170316-WH-Leadership-Daviess-County-working-on-HCI-grant-0316-20170316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WH


                     Copyright 2017 Washington Times-Herald


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                    December 28, 2011 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Episcopal Relief & Development Receives $350,000 Award from Conrad N. Hilton
Foundation to Launch a Program for Children Affected by HIV/AIDS

LENGTH: 898  words


New Delhi, Dec. 28 -- Episcopal Relief & Development is pleased to announce that
it is the recipient of a $350,000 grant from the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation for
work in rural Zambia. This grant will support the incorporation of early
childhood development into the integrated community development program
currently run by the organization's partner, the Zambia Anglican Council (ZAC).
Episcopal Relief & Development will raise funds to match the full amount of the
grant, enabling the project to reach an estimated 4,000 families in areas with a
high prevalence of HIV/AIDS.

The prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS in Zambia is among the highest in the world,
leaving hundreds of thousands of children orphaned or vulnerable. Parents who
are HIV-positive may succumb to the disease, or be too sick to provide
sufficient care for their children. This responsibility often falls to a
relative or a sibling, who may lack the resources or knowledge to support the
child's health, growth and development.

The program will work with 4,000 families affected by HIV/AIDS, addressing the
interrelated needs of children under five and empowering their parents or
caregivers to support their healthy development. The program will incorporate
learnings from the development of The Essential Package: A Framework for Action
for Young Children and Their Caregivers Affected by HIV and AIDS, a unique
initiative spearheaded by CARE, Save the Children, the Consultative Group on
Early Childhood Care and Development and other stakeholders, with funding from
the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation.

"One of our primary goals is to facilitate and strengthen the capacity of
community-based organizations to deliver early childhood development services
for young children and their caregivers who are affected by HIV/AIDS," stated
Dr. Shaheen Kassim-Lakha, Director, International Programs at the Conrad N.
Hilton Foundation. "We are very pleased to partner with Episcopal Relief &
Development and the Zambia Anglican Council because of their deep local
knowledge and wide network of volunteers."

Episcopal Relief & Development and ZAC will integrate activities into their
rural program that support children's cognitive, emotional, social, and physical
development. Caregivers will also participate in agriculture and livelihood
development to improve their families' nutrition and increase family income.

Grace Phiri Mazala, National Programs Director for ZAC, explains the importance
of focusing on caregivers as well as children: "In the long run, because of the
trainings, the caregivers will play an important role. They are the points of
early contact to a child, and they will serve as gateways to other early
childhood services. They will become the trusted sources of information for
families, and will give critical guidance."

The goal of the current phase of the project is to develop a model of
family-centered care and caregiver capacity-building that could be scaled up and
replicated in other rural areas in Africa with high HIV/AIDS prevalence rates.
Community development staff will work with teams of trained community volunteers
to carry out activities and encourage the adoption of healthy behaviors,
according to proven methods developed by Episcopal Relief & Development's
NetsforLife malaria prevention partnership, which is active in Zambia and 16
other African countries.

Episcopal Relief & Development and ZAC's program was of particular interest to
the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation because it will expand existing activities to
meet the holistic needs of young children affected by HIV/AIDS. By leveraging
the Church's long-term presence in rural communities, Episcopal Relief &
Development is able to catalyze lasting change and truly sustainable development
and contribute to a rural model for community-centered care.

"The first years of life are the most important, in terms of a child's physical
and mental development, so this new intervention has the potential to make a
profound impact on the lives of thousands of children and their caregivers,"
said Rob Radtke, President of Episcopal Relief & Development. "Receiving the
recognition and support of the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation is an incredible
blessing, for which we are all deeply grateful. It highlights the quality and
necessity of the work being done in partnership with ZAC."

The early childhood development component will include monthly play groups for
children, accompanied by their guardians, for creative play, stimulation, and
social interaction. Caregivers will participate in workshops on parenting
education and skills, child nutrition and health. Home visits by child
development workers will help caregivers put into practice what they've learned
and provide assistance with solving problems. Community health workers will
monitor the children's growth and development and follow up with caregivers on
water, sanitation, and hygiene as well as basic disease prevention and treatment
particularly related to HIV/AIDS and malaria.

"Our vision is for communities with healthy, thriving children, empowered
caregivers, and communities equipped to support the vulnerable in their midst,"
said Abagail Nelson, Senior Vice President for Programs at Episcopal Relief &
Development. "We are extremely pleased to receive this recognition from the
Conrad N. Hilton Foundation, and to be a part of this vital and expanding
initiative."

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2011 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

WESST awarded $675,000 in federal funds [10:47 a.m.]

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


FARMINGTON   WESST, an Albuquerque-based nonprofit that has a Farmington office,
recently announced it will receive more than $675,000 in federal grants and
loans to help small businesses grow.


The funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculuture's Rural Development
program.
"The funding provided by the USDA to WESST will provide the kind of hands-on
assistance our rural communities and small businesses need,"  USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner said in a prepared statement. "Small
businesses are the economic drivers in our rural communities and Microloans
provided by WESST in partnership with the USDA are vital to helping those small
businesses get the capital to expand and hopefully add the jobs that are so
urgently needed across New Mexico."
The two grants and one loan to WESST total more than $675,000. The first is a
$175,105 Rural Community Development Initiative grant.
The funding will be used to provide technical and financial assistance to
develop the capacity of three rural nonprofit organizations that focus on
community and economic development in ten low-income, rural communities in New
Mexico.
The three nonprofits include High Road Artisans in Truchas, Mountain Ambulance
Service/Art for the Heart in Peñasco and Tierra Del Sol in Anthony.
WESST will provide the three organizations with train-the-trainer education in
small business development, financial literacy and organizational capacity
building for board development and strategic planning.
An additional $100,000 grant and a $400,000 loan come from  Rural Development's
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. This money will be used to provide
technical assistance to help small rural businesses with business development
services training. Small business owners in rural areas will learn how to make
an application for financial assistance and how to work with the lending
institution after the loan is made.
WESST will use the USDA loan to provide low-interest loans in amounts of $50,000
or less to small businesses.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday

Growth could affect rural funds;
By 2010 or 2011, the county is expected to surpass 75,000 in population.

BYLINE: KEVIN TURNER

SECTION: Pg. P-1

LENGTH: 1024 words


Florida always has considered Nassau County a rural county under definitions set
in state law. But with a current estimated population of 68,000 and a growth
rate of about 1,700 new people a year, Nassau is expected to grow past 75,000 by
2010 or 2011, making it an urban county.

That shift from rural to urban could have major repercussions for Nassau, which
historically has benefited from state funding programs designed to help
developing counties meet increasing needs as their populations grow.

Those funds include money for roads, schools and economic development, as well
as grants and loans with forgiving repayment terms.

"With some grants, it could be gigantic," said Growth Management Director Walter
Fufidio. He said the Florida Communities Trust, for example, typically requires
counties to match funding dollars.

"But as a rural county, you can make an application with no match," he said.
"After you hit 75,000, you're no longer a rural county and you have to make a
match. And by 2011, we expect we'll be there."

RURAL VERSUS URBAN

Department of Community Affairs spokesman John Peck said the difference between
being an urban or rural county can mean a lot in state funding.

"This is the state law distinction made between rural and urban counties -
whether they have 75,000 people or less," Peck said April 23.

Clearly there are things that change if a county passes 75,000 in population.
The list is spread out all over the Florida statutes. There's not a single
answer."

For his department's part, Peck said DCA is required to provide a higher level
of technical assistance to rural counties.

SCHOOL IMPACTS MINIMAL

A few programs dedicated specifically to rural counties include the Small School
District Stabilization Program, the Rural Economic Development Initiative, Rural
Economic Development Strategic Grants and the Rural Community Development
Revolving Loan Program, Peck said.

Nassau School Superintendent John Ruis said Friday that over the years, one such
grant helped to build Callahan Middle, Yulee Primary and Fernandina Beach High
schools.

"Small districts are eligible for the special facilities construction account,"
Ruis said. "If a survey requires a district to build a school and it cannot
raise the money in three years, the state will loan the money. I don't know of
any other advantage this [growing over 75,000] will take away from us."

Ruis said Nassau's increasing property tax base and population influx in recent
years have given the school district the ability to build schools when needed -
making the state loan unnecessary.

INCENTIVE MONEY AFFECTED

Economic Development Board Executive Director Melanie Ferreira said Friday that
Nassau County already is looking at the impacts of losing its rural designation.
Enterprise Florida, a public-private partnership working to bolster economic
development statewide, offers more incentive money to companies that create
certain jobs in rural counties than in urban counties, she said.

Ferreira said Nassau needs to starting lobbying the Legislature to raise the
population threshold for rural counties.

"We can't wait until 10 years from now," she said.

LESSONS FROM FLAGLER

As Nassau's population nears 75,000, officials may meet with their counterparts
from other counties at risk of losing their rural designation to try to get the
Legislature to increase the definition's population threshold, Ferreira said.
Putnam County's population, for example, is now at 73,000, she said.

Any effort to raise the figure would come too late for Flagler County, which
passed the 75,000 mark in 2006, Flagler County Communications Manager Carl
Laundrie said.

Although U.S. Census figures indicated Flagler hadn't yet reached the 75,000
mark, University of Florida Warrington College of Business and Florida Bureau of
Economic and Business Research figures told a different story - and that's the
authority that the Florida Legislature recognizes, he said.

That same data source predicts Nassau County will join Flagler in hitting the
75,000 mark in 2010 or 2011.

"A small county gets better opportunities for some grants. For us, that's going
away," Laundrie said. "One of the big things that hurt us was this year - we
lost a $230,000 grant for county libraries mid-year. That's a big chunk out of
our library budget. The problem has been the abruptness of the money that
leaves."

Fufidio worked in Flagler County when that county was about to lose its rural
status. Flagler County officials rushed to acquire a utility system before its
population crossed the mark so it could obtain a rural development grant, he
said.

UNCERTAIN IMPACTS

Nassau County officials say they aren't certain of how many current grants are
tied to the population figure.

The recent $7.7 million botched repaving of County Road 121, for example, was
funded with $6 million in Small County Outreach Program funds and $1.7 million
in county money. But according to state law, the SCOP program defines a small
county as having a population of 150,000 or less, inconsistent with other areas
of state law.

The state's Rural Economic Development Initiative is an umbrella program that
provides funding for rural counties through 24 other county agencies. Its chief
definition of a rural county is 75,000 people or less. But a secondary
definition is a county with 100,000 people or fewer that shares a border with a
county that is 75,000 or less.

But that hasn't been much help to Flagler County, he said.

"We still have grants just now coming through that were based on our smaller
size. We'll still get them, but we certainly won't be able to renew them. It's
death by degrees. You just hit the threshold and they start taking things away.
But the problem is when you're not big or small, you're in between."

Nassau Grants Manager Eron Thompson said Thursday she reviews requirements for
grant applications as she receives applications and that she's not certain what
impact passing the 75,000 population mark will have on the county - if any.

"It could have an impact on funding, but it also has a [positive] impact on
impact fees. It could be a wash," she said.

kevin.turner@jacksonville.com, (904) 261-7606, ext. 6354

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
KEVIN TURNER/Staff Nothing but trees once stood in a West Nassau County
subdivision that will soon be filled with new houses.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          December 23, 1993, Thursday

Troubled communities may get needed help via $ 100 million grant

BYLINE: By Peter Scott STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section E; Page 12

LENGTH: 402 words


There is not yet a penny to spend, but if federal officials accept a local
community development plan now being prepared, some central and Southside
communities could share in a $ 100 million redevelopment grant by the end of
1994.

The money is part of more than $ 700 million the Clinton administration is
putting up for grabs nationwide for redevelopment areas known as "empowerment
zones."

According to guidelines for the money, the city of Atlanta may nominate a
geographic area that comprises a population of 50,000 or less that is
characterized by "pervasive poverty, unemployment and general distress."

The application for the grants must be approved by the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development and divided among six cities and three rural areas
nationwide.

The money comes from the nation's deficit reduction bill called the Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, which authorizes the creation of empowerment
zones.

"Empowerment zones are the Clinton administration's initiative for addressing
poverty in urban areas," said Fernando Costa, director of the city's Bureau of
Planning.

The mayor's office, representatives of The Atlanta Project, the governor's
office and the state's Department of Human Services and Planning and Community
Affairs are making a joint application for the empowerment zone grant.

At least five clusters in The Atlanta Project - Carver, Brown, Southside, Grady
and Washington - along with communities in Neighborhood Planning Units (NPUs) L,
M, N, T, V, W and Y, will be the focus of the community development effort. All
the areas are near the central business district.

A series of incentives for development in the empowerment zones include
tax-exempt facility bonds for businesses to relocate in those areas; tax credits
for businesses to employ residents; and funding to help residents and their
families gain economic independence and many other incentives for development.

In addition, NPUs cited Olympic neighborhoods, Southtowne and the Sweet Auburn
sectors that the Atlanta City Council said in a resolution last month should be
considered as priority areas of needs.

"The Clinton administration's approach is greatly different from previous
federal urban development programs in that it's genuinely community based. They
are asking the community to tell them how to approach revitalization of inner
city neighborhoods," Costa said.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933640131

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Stronger Economies Together: Helping Rural Counties Excel through
Regional Approaches

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 How can rural communities compete in an ever-expanding global market?



 Rural counties across the country are finding innovative ways to capitalize on
their local strengths.  Through a guided process, more than 400 counties in 38
states are discovering new ways to work together to grow their economies.





 Stronger Economies Together (SET) is a joint partnership of USDA Rural
Development, NIFA, the four Regional Rural Development Centers (RRDCs) and the
cooperative extension services operated by the nation's land-grant universities.
With the strength of this partnership undergirding the effort, regions of three
or more neighboring rural counties coordinate to identify their collective
economic strengths, develop an action plan and build on those assets to find a
competitive edge for economic growth.



 How does this work?  In one example, a (link is external) had recently
experienced a military base closure.  What can you do with an empty airstrip?
Their answer was to transform the region into one of the newest "hot spots" for
unmanned aerial vehicle research and development. By taking an underused
resource and redirecting it to fit a niche' need, the region opened the doors to
a rapidly expanding new industrial market.



 Also in Oklahoma, the Drying Canola Project tested the feasibility of
diversified agricultural opportunities in the region. The two-day process of
drying canola in peanut trailers reduced moisture in harvested canola from 30
percent to 6 percent. This will add an estimated $78 per acre of harvested
canola to the sale price, which translates to $7.2 million in additional income.




 North Carolina's Green Fields Initiative (link is external) is another success
through SET.  Recognizing the agriculture industry as a core of its economy, the
Green Fields Initiative helped establish the Sandhills Farm School, a
seven-month course that educates existing and new farmers on business
strategies, agriculture production and marketing best practices. In addition,
Sandhills Community College is developing a certification program that focuses
on local food system development.



 These are just three examples drawn from the 84 SET regions hard at work to
preserve and expand their regional rural economies by linking arms with
neighboring counties. To date, SET regions have leveraged more than $588 million
in funding to support their insightful plans.



 SET regions are selected through an application process. Selected regions are
coached by specially trained teams that provide the region with a breadth of
community development expertise.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $38,800 Planning Grant to the
City of Rushville

LENGTH: 163  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $38,800 planning grant to the city of
Rushville for a comprehensive plan through the state's Office of Community and
Rural Affairs.

"Utilizing a planning grant is an excellent way to help communities develop,"
said Lt. Governor Ellspermann.  "The residents and community leaders of the city
of Rushville are to be commended for exploring ways to improve their community."

The planning grant for the city of Rushville will be used to determine
objectives for future growth as well as supporting infrastructure.  It will also
examine current trends.

The majority of the funding comes from the federal Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program, which has proven to be an effective tool for
community-based planning and research initiatives. Rushville provided a local
match of $4,320.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $50,000 Planning Grant to City of Vincennes

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, March 26 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $50,000 planning grant to the City of
Vincennes to fund a comprehensive planning study. These federal dollars are from
the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of
Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The comprehensive plan will assess the city's existing conditions and identify
actions needed for future development. Components of the plan include collecting
and analyzing data, setting goals and objectives, and short- and long- term
community planning.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please Visit: www.state.in. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Increase Economic Opportunity
and Improve the Quality of Life in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants that will be awarded to organizations to provide
critical financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop and
strengthen their capacity to carry out housing, community facilities and
community and economic development projects.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Vilsack said. "These grants will provide both of these
components through local and regional organizations that are experts at
delivering such services."

USDA is making nearly $6 million available to qualified organizations under the
Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI).

Recipients must be non-profit organizations, low-income rural communities, or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is November 12, 2014. Applications
must be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the
applicant's headquarters are located. More information about the program and how
to apply is available on page 47427 of the August 13, 2014 Federal Register.

Here is an example of how the RCDI program is helping rural communities. The
Western Maine Community Action Program (WMCAP) has received several RCDI grants
in recent years to help low-and very-low-income seniors maintain their
independence and remain in their homes through the Keeping Seniors Home Program.
Started in 2004, this program has served nearly 3,000 low-income senior
homeowners in Maine. WMCAP is also working on a regional job creation plan to
train energy auditors, private contractors, and other community partners to
provide additional support services to Maine's elderly rural citizens.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: USDA Highlights Relending Program to Reduce Rural Poverty in
Coachella Valley

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Raul Ruiz has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Under Secretary Lisa
Mensah and U.S. Representative Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) highlighted an innovative
public-private partnership today resulting in $32 million of Community
Facilities Relending Program funds to two California organizations, Rural
Community Assistance Corporation (RCAC) and Arcata Economic Development
Corporation. These organizations will use the long-term, low-interest financing
to target investments in the state's most underserved and isolated rural
communities to help build or improve essential community facilities and services
such as education, health care and infrastructure.





 "This effort has the power to transform some of America's poorest rural areas
into economically thriving and competitive places to live and work," Mensah
said. "It complements other poverty-fighting tools the Obama Administration has
developed like the Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce by engaging
with private, philanthropic, and financial institutions to implement place-based
investment strategies."



 Mensah made the announcement at Galilee Center, which has received a total of
$246,000 in USDA Rural Development funding to help expand services including
their food distribution program and comfort station to low income families and
agriculture workers in the Eastern Coachella Valley.



 "I am proud to announce a $32 million investment by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture in California rural areas through the Community Facilities Relending
Program," said Ruiz. "As a physician, I know that community programs deliver
essential care and services to underserved populations that need them most. This
investment will give rural areas, like our valley, better access to critical
community development, health care, infrastructure, and educational and economic
opportunities."



 This new financing program has two unique features. First, private financial
institutions, including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees
for a portion of the loans. Second, the recipient community development
organizations, or "re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants
provided by seven of the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a
$22 million fund to assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds
Babcock Foundation will manage this grant fund. A complete list of recipients
was announced by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week.



 In addition to today's announcement, Mensah and RCAC will tour housing and
infrastructure projects under development in the Coachella Valley, as well as
meet with local stakeholders to discuss challenges and opportunities in the
region.



 USDA Rural Development California has a $6.9 billion loan portfolio and 18
offices throughout the state. The agency annually invests $1 billion, on
average, in California's rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has funded nearly 9,200 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; invested
nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped
1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/results. To read more about
USDA 's investments in rural America and its successful turnaround, visit USDA's
entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in Business.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: USDA Highlights Relending Program to Reduce Rural Poverty in
Coachella Valley

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Raul Ruiz has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Under Secretary Lisa
Mensah and U.S. Representative Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) highlighted an innovative
public-private partnership today resulting in $32 million of Community
Facilities Relending Program funds to two California organizations, Rural
Community Assistance Corporation (RCAC) and Arcata Economic Development
Corporation. These organizations will use the long-term, low-interest financing
to target investments in the state's most underserved and isolated rural
communities to help build or improve essential community facilities and services
such as education, health care and infrastructure.





 "This effort has the power to transform some of America's poorest rural areas
into economically thriving and competitive places to live and work," Mensah
said. "It complements other poverty-fighting tools the Obama Administration has
developed like the Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce by engaging
with private, philanthropic, and financial institutions to implement place-based
investment strategies."



 Mensah made the announcement at Galilee Center, which has received a total of
$246,000 in USDA Rural Development funding to help expand services including
their food distribution program and comfort station to low income families and
agriculture workers in the Eastern Coachella Valley.



 "I am proud to announce a $32 million investment by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture in California rural areas through the Community Facilities Relending
Program," said Ruiz. "As a physician, I know that community programs deliver
essential care and services to underserved populations that need them most. This
investment will give rural areas, like our valley, better access to critical
community development, health care, infrastructure, and educational and economic
opportunities."



 This new financing program has two unique features. First, private financial
institutions, including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees
for a portion of the loans. Second, the recipient community development
organizations, or "re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants
provided by seven of the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a
$22 million fund to assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds
Babcock Foundation will manage this grant fund. A complete list of recipients
was announced by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week.



 In addition to today's announcement, Mensah and RCAC will tour housing and
infrastructure projects under development in the Coachella Valley, as well as
meet with local stakeholders to discuss challenges and opportunities in the
region.



 USDA Rural Development California has a $6.9 billion loan portfolio and 18
offices throughout the state. The agency annually invests $1 billion, on
average, in California's rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has funded nearly 9,200 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; invested
nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped
1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/results. To read more about
USDA 's investments in rural America and its successful turnaround, visit USDA's
entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in Business.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Government Technology

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

Federal Pilot Seeks to Boost Broadband Connectivity in Rural Communities
Nationwide

BYLINE: Eyragon Eidam, Government Technology

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 860 words


May 06--For millions of Americans, the exponential growth of new technologies
has forever changed the way we interact with one another, do business, travel
and even how we approach health care.

While a vast cross-section of citizens enjoys the benefits of these new tools
and the seemingly constant connection to the Internet, the sea change has left
other communities with gaps in access that need to be filled.

Rural, developing and low-income communities are often on the wanting end of the
connectivity conversation and suffer with what equates to informational
inequality.

The larger problem has been the focus of state and national officials for years,
and most recently prompted a federal pilot project to boost broadband
connectivity in communities across the country.

As part of a collaborative effort between the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), five cities have been
named as the testing grounds for the Cool and Connected program, a
community-based plan aimed at boosting connectivity and pulling in money for
their local economies.

The initiative gives city officials in Georgetown, Del.; Leon, Iowa; Montrose,
Colo.; Toledo, Wash.; and Tullahoma, Tenn., access to a team of broadband and
community development experts to chart a path to better services.

In Tullahoma, a rural community of around 18,600 residents, the program is
helping to develop a strategic plan to bolster a retail renaissance in the newly
renovated downtown district and support the areas existing high-tech industries,
like aerospace and medicine.

"We are excited to have the opportunity to develop a strategic plan that will
complement the Tullahoma Utilities Board's (TUB) plan. Through this Cool and
Connected process, we will not only explore assistance to market downtown as a
Wi-Fi zone and work-share space, but we will also look to develop a plan for our
other target sectors that include aerospace, medical, retail and technology,"
Mayor Lane Curlee said. "We will be inviting the partners that represent these
sectors to join in this process that is scheduled for late September."

The city's Director of Community Development Winston Brooks, who filed the
city's Cool and Connected application, said despite being a leader in the
implementation of broadband service roughly a decade ago, Tullahoma was in need
of a strategic plan for the future.

"There is still a lot of room to grow in terms of that infrastructure," he said.

The economic downturn hit the downtown district hard and led to vacant buildings
and closed businesses, but Brooks said the area is once again filling up with
retailers and businesses. He hopes the draw of technology-capable infrastructure
will be well-received by residents, businesses and visitors.

Brooks went on to say that the existing aerospace engineering, medicine and
retail industries would benefit from any program that aimed to expand
technological infrastructure in the area.

Representatives from the USDA and EPA said the overarching goal of the
initiative is to give rural communities the edge that more urban environments
take for granted. Those hit by economic troubles are especially in need of
outside help.

Though these agencies don't typically spring to mind when one considers
broadband services, spokespeople Dan Abrams from the EPA and the USDA's Anne
Mayberry said the federal agencies have been on the ground pushing for
infrastructure improvements for many years through grants and technical
assistance programs.

"Many rural communities are facing special challenges the loss of historic
economic drivers, declining rural populations, growth at the metropolitan edge,
and the loss of farms and working lands. Broadband investments support economic
diversification, entrepreneurship and small business formation," they said in a
joint statement to Government Technology. "The investments can help rural
communities grow and develop in ways that reuse existing infrastructure creates
vibrant, thriving communities, and protects the environment, and human health."

According to the agencies, more than 250 program applications were received from
municipalities across the country, but only five were selected.

The pair said the goals and circumstances of each applicant were carefully
considered, and communities facing economic challenges were weighted more
favorably.

"Bringing broadband services to rural areas does present some challenges," they
said. "Because rural systems must contend with lower household density than
urban systems, the cost to deploy broadband systems in urban communities is
considerably lower on a per-household basis, making urban systems more
economical to construct. Depending upon the technology deployed it can be more
expensive to provide service to rural customers than to customers located in
urban areas."

Eyragon Eidam  --  Staff Writer

Eyragon Eidam is the assistant news editor for Government Technology magazine,
and covers legislation, social media and public safety. He can be reached at
eeidam@erepublic.com

___ (c)2016 Government Technology Visit Government Technology at www.govtech.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160506-1GT-Federal-Pilot-Seeks-to-Boost-Broadband-Connectivity-in-
Rural-Communities-Nationwide-0506-20160506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GT


                                 Copyright 2016


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Increase Economic Opportunity and
Improve the Quality of Life in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants that will be awarded to organizations to provide
critical financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop and
strengthen their capacity to carry out housing, community facilities and
community and economic development projects.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Vilsack said. "These grants will provide both of these
components through local and regional organizations that are experts at
delivering such services."

USDA is making nearly $6 million available to qualified organizations under the
Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI).

Recipients must be non-profit organizations, low-income rural communities, or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is November 12, 2014. Applications
must be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the
applicant's headquarters are located. More information about the program and how
to apply is available on page 47427 of the August 13, 2014 Federal Register.

Here is an example of how the RCDI program is helping rural communities. The
Western Maine Community Action Program (WMCAP) has received several RCDI grants
in recent years to help low-and very-low-income seniors maintain their
independence and remain in their homes through the Keeping Seniors Home Program.
Started in 2004, this program has served nearly 3,000 low-income senior
homeowners in Maine. WMCAP is also working on a regional job creation plan to
train energy auditors, private contractors, and other community partners to
provide additional support services to Maine's elderly rural citizens.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Increase Economic Opportunity and
Improve the Quality of Life in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants that will be awarded to organizations to provide
critical financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop and
strengthen their capacity to carry out housing, community facilities and
community and economic development projects.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Vilsack said. "These grants will provide both of these
components through local and regional organizations that are experts at
delivering such services."

USDA is making nearly $6 million available to qualified organizations under the
Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI).

Recipients must be non-profit organizations, low-income rural communities, or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is November 12, 2014. Applications
must be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the
applicant's headquarters are located. More information about the program and how
to apply is available on page 47427 of the August 13, 2014 Federal Register.

Here is an example of how the RCDI program is helping rural communities. The
Western Maine Community Action Program (WMCAP) has received several RCDI grants
in recent years to help low-and very-low-income seniors maintain their
independence and remain in their homes through the Keeping Seniors Home Program.
Started in 2004, this program has served nearly 3,000 low-income senior
homeowners in Maine. WMCAP is also working on a regional job creation plan to
train energy auditors, private contractors, and other community partners to
provide additional support services to Maine's elderly rural citizens.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Increase Economic Opportunity and
Improve the Quality of Life in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants that will be awarded to organizations to provide
critical financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop and
strengthen their capacity to carry out housing, community facilities and
community and economic development projects.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Vilsack said. "These grants will provide both of these
components through local and regional organizations that are experts at
delivering such services."

USDA is making nearly $6 million available to qualified organizations under the
Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI).

Recipients must be non-profit organizations, low-income rural communities, or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is November 12, 2014. Applications
must be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the
applicant's headquarters are located. More information about the program and how
to apply is available on page 47427 of the August 13, 2014 Federal Register.

Here is an example of how the RCDI program is helping rural communities. The
Western Maine Community Action Program (WMCAP) has received several RCDI grants
in recent years to help low-and very-low-income seniors maintain their
independence and remain in their homes through the Keeping Seniors Home Program.
Started in 2004, this program has served nearly 3,000 low-income senior
homeowners in Maine. WMCAP is also working on a regional job creation plan to
train energy auditors, private contractors, and other community partners to
provide additional support services to Maine's elderly rural citizens.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Increase Economic Opportunity and
Improve the Quality of Life in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants that will be awarded to organizations to provide
critical financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop and
strengthen their capacity to carry out housing, community facilities and
community and economic development projects.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Vilsack said. "These grants will provide both of these
components through local and regional organizations that are experts at
delivering such services."

USDA is making nearly $6 million available to qualified organizations under the
Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI).

Recipients must be non-profit organizations, low-income rural communities, or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is November 12, 2014. Applications
must be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the
applicant's headquarters are located. More information about the program and how
to apply is available on page 47427 of the August 13, 2014 Federal Register.

Here is an example of how the RCDI program is helping rural communities. The
Western Maine Community Action Program (WMCAP) has received several RCDI grants
in recent years to help low-and very-low-income seniors maintain their
independence and remain in their homes through the Keeping Seniors Home Program.
Started in 2004, this program has served nearly 3,000 low-income senior
homeowners in Maine. WMCAP is also working on a regional job creation plan to
train energy auditors, private contractors, and other community partners to
provide additional support services to Maine's elderly rural citizens.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           October 27, 2016, Thursday

W.Va. projects get $5.6 million in latest POWER grants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 769 words


Coalfield communities in West Virginia and around the country received millions
of dollars on Wednesday, as part of the second round of grants under President
Barack Obama's POWER Initiative.

The program is designed to help communities that are hard-hit by the decline of
the coal industry. In August, West Virginia programs and communities received
more than $16 million as part of the first round of grants - nearly 40 percent
of the money given out.

This time around, West Virginia projects got more than $5.6 million, of nearly
$28 million distributed.

The grants are administered by the Appalachian Regional Commission and the U.S.
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration.

The largest West Virginia grant was $2.04 million to the city of Bluefield for
the Bluefield Commercialization Station project. The project will turn a
50,000-square-foot freight station into a business incubator, and will "support
the creation and retention of 72 jobs, expand at least 12 local businesses, and
leverage $510,000 in private investment, according to a White House fact sheet.
The Shott Foundation of Bluefield is also contributing to the project.

The Marshall University Research Corporation received more than $1.5 million for
the Sprouting Farms project, which aims to help develop agriculture in nine
Southern West Virginia counties. Wednesday's grant will go toward training
programs, buying and upgrading the project site and facilities, and supporting
new agricultural businesses and program graduates. The project will create 20
new businesses and 33 new jobs, according to the White House fact sheet, and is
also being supported by the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

Other grants announced Wednesday include:

-$362,989 to the Center for Rural Health Development in Hurricane for the WV
Rural Health Infrastructure Loan Fund project, a revolving loan fund designed to
strengthen the health care industry in 25 West Virginia counties.

-$150,000 to Reconnecting McDowell in Charleston develop an economic development
and diversification strategy for the city of Welch and McDowell County centered
on the Renaissance Village Apartments, a housing project that will develop
rental housing in downtown Welch for teachers and young professionals employed
in the area.

-$140,000 to West Virginia Connecting Communities in Charleston, working with
the New River Gorge Trail Association on an economic feasibility study for a
regionally-connected bike trail system in Fayette and Nicholas counties.

-$123,488 to the Region 4 Planning and Development Council in Summersville to
develop a strategic plan for the Upper Kanawha Valley, in partnership with the
Center for Rural Entrepreneurship.

-$105,000 to Williamson Health and Wellness Center to provide grant writing
assistance, and develop a feasibility study, strategic plan, and preliminary
architectural design work for a former "pill mill in downtown Williamson. If
deemed viable, the building will be rebuilt as a one-stop facility that would
provide workforce training, opioid addiction and substance abuse treatment
services to help people in recovery get ready to join the workforce.

-$93,495 to the West Virginia Community Development Hub in Fairmont which, in
partnership with the International Economic Development Council, will provide
technical assistance to Boone, Greenbrier, Lincoln, McDowell and Wyoming
counties.

-$90,000 to the Randolph County Development Authority in Elkins to promote and
expand the hardwood industry cluster, in partnership with the Hardwood Alliance
Zone.

-$60,000 to the Webster County Economic Development Authority in Webster Springs
to conduct a feasibility study for the development of a multi-county all-terrain
vehicle trail system in five counties.

-$497,000 to the Region 1-Planning and Development Council in Princeton for the
Coalfields Cluster Mapping Initiative research project, which will map the coal
industry supply chain across Kentucky, Virginia and West Virginia.

-$349,999 to the West Virginia University Research Corporation in Morgantown for
the Economic Analysis of Coal Industry Ecosystem in Appalachia project. This
study will examine the full ecosystem of the coal industry in Appalachia, and
specifically identify, quantify, and map data on all relevant coal industry
activity throughout the Appalachian region.

-$149,998 to Downstream Strategies in Morgantown for the Strengthening Economic
Resilience in Appalachian Communities project. This research will explore and
document strategies and policies local leaders can use to enhance the future
economic prospects of coal-impacted communities.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

Highland grants success

BYLINE: Ken Jones

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 119 words


HIGHLAND Council bosses say the region's current Leader programme is making a
significant impact in its first year of operation, with more than £538,000
distributed to the benefit of 27 individual projects.

The Leader initiative is a European grants programme designed to promote
economic and community development in rural areas.

One of its key principles is to see grant decisions made at as local a level as
possible, to reflect the differing priorities of communities.

This has resulted in the Highlands being split into 11 area partnerships, each
with its own budget and a local action group, responsible for considering and
making awards.

Information and details on how to apply can be found at www.highlandleader.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $30,000 Planning Grant to City of Seymour

LENGTH: 235  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Jan. 25 -- The State Of Indiana has issued Following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $30,000 planning grant to the City of
Seymour to fund a storm water infrastructure planning study. These federal
dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's
Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The plan will evaluate the city's current storm water wastewater infrastructure
and make recommendations for improvements. It will provide preliminary
engineering as well as cost estimates for improvements to Seymour's storm water
system.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                     February 10, 2000, Thursday Edition 1

Booklet spells out grants help

SECTION: FARMING JOURNAL, Pg. 42

LENGTH: 137 words


   A BOOKLET providing information on the grants available to farmers was
yesterday launched at Hexham Auction Mart.

The Funding for Farmers pamphlet gives advice about grants from key bodies such
as The Countryside Agency and English heritage, as well as local funding schemes
and other sources of assistance.

It was launched by the Northern Dales Meat Initiative, which operates in the
districts of Craven, Richmondshire, Teesdale, Tynedale and the Wear Valley.

Dan Weston, project manager for the Initiative said: "Every business deserves an
opportunity to develop or diversify. This booklet gives an insight into the
grants available."

For additional funding advice in the Tynedale District farmers can also contact
Neil Cuttell in Tynedale Council's economic and community development section

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Advice: Dan Weston, project manager of Northern Dales Meat Initiative.

                Copyright 2000 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 16, 2010 Thursday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $50,000 Planning Grant to Blackford County

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Dec. 16 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $50,000 planning grant to Blackford
County to fund a comprehensive planning study. These federal dollars are from
the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of
Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The comprehensive plan will assess the town's existing conditions and land use
and identify actions needed for future development. Components of the plan
include collecting and analyzing data, setting goals and objectives, and short-
and long- term community planning.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                              June 26, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grants on offer to county's projects

BYLINE: Rachel Wearmouth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 417 words


RURAL Northumberland has been given a £4m cash injection to boost the economy.

The Government funding pot, called the LEADER Programme money, will be handed
out via Local Action Group, (LAGs) according to six priorities.

These are to: support micro and small businesses ¦and farm diversification boost
rural tourism ¦ increase farm productivity ¦ increase forestry productivity ¦
provide rural services ¦ provide cultural and heritage activi­¦ties The grant
will be open to applications in the coming months and will stay open to
businesses until 2019.

The money will help small businesses, farmers, foresters and communities to
build projects that create jobs and grow the rural economy.

Coun Allan Hepple, Northumberland County Council's cabinet member for economic
growth, said: "As the LEADER Programme continues to grow, develop, and deliver
regeneration projects and community development initiatives, it will remain open
and accessible to eve­ ryone.

"Growing the economy is this coun­ cil's number one corporate priority and this
is another source of funding which will provide a great boost to our rural
communities.

"I'd urge anyone with ideas for devel­ oping their business, boosting rural
tourism, increasing the productivity of farms and forests, or improving rural
services to get in touch."

LEADER Programme Officer, Ivan Hewitt, said: "With the beginning of the new
programme we are looking to widen and develop the membership of our Local Action
Groups.

"We want to hear from local business­ es, community organisations, parish and
town councils, development trusts, pub­ lic sector agencies and local res­
idents.

"By developing the LAGs in this way, we intend to ensure there are a broad range
of interests local to Northumber­ land represented."

Around 70% of the funding is for job creation projects while 30% to indirectly
support jobs and growth.

Previous rounds of LEADER Funding have seen cash pumped into projects such as
Lindisfarne Charcoal and saved the village shop in Humshaugh and Wall from
closure.

¦ Anyone interested in joining either of ¦the Northumberland LEADER Local Action
Groups should email their name; organisation; contact address including
postcode; contact number and email address to: Northumberland Coast & Lowlands -
ivan.hewitt@northumber­ www.land.gov.uk or telephone 01670 623927.
Northumberland Uplands - gillian. cowell@northumberland.gov.uk or tel­ ephone
01670 623885.

Applications to join the Northumber­ land LEADER LAGs need to be received by
Friday, July 31.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The 17km red route mountain bike trail at KielderRob Brittain, from Two
<B Castles, with county councillor Allan Hepple and Trevor Newman, director at
Newman Developments

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

2015 Federal Funding Law is a Win for Kentucky

LENGTH: 1729  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Hal Rogers, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Rep. Harold "Hal" Rogers (KY-05) praised members of the U.S. Congress for
passing the consolidated federal funding bill for fiscal year 2015, to avoid a
government shutdown, rein in government overreach, and fund most government
agencies through September 30, 2015. As Chairman of the House Appropriations
Committee, Rogers worked tirelessly to ensure the legislation was a win for
Kentucky. President Obama signed the Omnibus bill into law on Tuesday, December
16.

"This law includes funding for important programs that are priorities for
communities in southern and eastern Kentucky," said Rogers. "For example, the
legislation provides specific economic development assistance for coal mining
communities, funds much-needed rural housing loans, and supports a number of
initiatives to fight the epidemic of prescription drug abuse. It also decreases
the backlog of military veterans' claims and reins in the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA). Let me be clear: this law does not include any new
funding for the President's Executive Amnesty plan. We will address his amnesty
plan with the new Congress in 2015."

Additional items to note in the law that will benefit Southern and Eastern
Kentuckians:

Drug Abuse

The legislation supports a holistic, multifaceted approach to the scourge of
prescription drug abuse, including funding for our federal law enforcement
officers on the front lines, critical drug abuse treatment programs, and
educational efforts to help states implement model drug laws that reduce
diversion and abuse.

$20 million is provided for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to
partner with the states hardest hit by the prescription drug epidemic in
developing and implementing strategies to combat addictions and abuse.

It includes the following funding for treatment, law enforcement, education and
other drug-related issues:

Treatment

$91 million for Drug Courts, plus an additional $1.4 million for technical
training for the judges who administer these important courts

$5 million for Veterans Treatment Courts to meet the unique needs of those who
have bravely served in the U.S. Armed Forces

Law Enforcement

$367 million for DEA's diversion control program, with encouragement to
intensify support for its Distributor Initiative

$7 million for an anti-meth task force, plus $7 million to help state and local
law enforcement agencies clean up meth labs

$7 million for an anti-heroin task force

$175, 465 million for National Guard Counter-Drug Operations, including support
for the Kentucky National Guard to eradicate marijuana from the Daniel Boone
National Forest. The Kentucky State Police reported nearly a half million plants
were eradicated in Kentucky last year.

$245 million for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA). The
Appalachian HIDTA, covering parts of Kentucky, Tennessee and West Virginia, has
been a national leader in the fight against prescription drug abuse. In
partnership with Operation UNITE, AHIDTA recently launched a pilot voluntary
program in southern and eastern Kentucky to distribute free oral drug testing
kits for parents who suspect their children are abusing drugs at home.

Education

$1.25 million to help states develop and implement legislation to reduce drug
abuse.

Other

The legislation includes a number of other provisions aimed at spurring federal
action to reduce the abuse and misuse of prescription drugs. For example, the
legislation:

expresses opposition to the approval of the powerful painkiller, Zohydro, by the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and requires the agency to report to
Congress on its ability to track usage of the drug once it is on the market,

encourages the FDA to finalize guidance on Abuse Deterrent Formulations in order
to incentivize innovation in this emerging field for manufacturing prescription
narcotics, and

encourages the Department of Defense (DoD) and Veterans Affairs (VA) facilities
to participate in the Drug Enforcement Administration's (DEA) prescription drug
take-back program.

Coal

The legislation demonstrates the Congress' commitment to reining in the EPA and
beating back the Administration's devastating anti-coal policies.

It cuts EPA funding by $60 million below the 2014 level, causing the agency to
reduce its staffing to the lowest level since 1989.

The Obama Administration is prevented from moving forward with a policy that
would preclude U.S. investments in coal-fired generation plants overseas. By
putting a halt to this regulation, the legislation ensures that U.S. coal will
have a vibrant market in emerging economies around the world.

It prevents the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers from changing the definition of
"fill material," which would be harmful to several U.S. industries, including
the coal mining industry.

The bill rejects a proposal from President Obama to spend $66 million on new or
expanded job-killing regulatory programs at the EPA.

$571 million is included for Fossil Energy Research to ensure that the U.S. is
developing in the necessary technology to maintain coal as a part of its energy
portfolio for the long term.

It directs the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to submit monthly status
reports on any Section 404 mining permit applications under review. These
monthly reports will allow the House Appropriations Committee to oversee how
many mining permit applications have been submitted, the number of days under
review, and whether they are being approved.

The law maintains Office of Surface Mining State regulatory grants at $68
million to allow states to implement programs without increasing fees on the
mining industry. It also rejects the President's proposal to hire more Federal
regulators to increase Federal oversight inspections of State programs.

The law prevents the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers from regulating certain
agricultural areas, including farm ponds and irrigation ditches, under the Clean
Water Act.

Economic and Community Development

The legislation includes funding for a number of federal programs that support
the efforts of southern and eastern Kentucky communities to create new
opportunities through access to pre-school and post-secondary education, access
to low-income housing opportunities, and supports grants for important programs
in the region. It includes:

Support for Economic Development

$10 million for the U.S. Economic Development Administration (EDA) to develop a
comprehensive strategy to assist coal mining communities

$90 million for the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC), including $10 million
for broadband development in distressed Central Appalachian counties

$2.5 million for the Small Business Administration (SBA) to make micro-loans in
small and rural communities to create new job opportunities

$230 million to help Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) build
their capacity to serve low-income individuals and communities that otherwise
lack access to affordable financial products and services

$3 million for the HubZone Program, which helps small businesses in rural
communities gain preferential access to federal procurement opportunities

$3.4 billion for the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) to keep
families safe and healthy through initiatives supporting energy assistance

$674 million for Community Services Block Grants, which help the region's
Community Action Agencies further their mission to provide critical services

$372 million for Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT), a program that provides funds
to local governments to help offset losses in property taxes due to nontaxable
federal lands within their jurisdictions

$12.7 million for a competitive grant program to provide technical assistance
for improved water quality or safe drinking water in rural communities

Support for Rural Housing

$900 million for Section 502 Direct Loans, which helps low-income individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas

$27.5 million for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Section 523 Self-Home
program, which helps very low-income families construct their own affordable
homes

$900 million for the HOME program, which provides formula grants to states and
localities that can be used to build, buy and/or rehabilitate affordable housing
for rent or home ownership or provide direct rental assistance to low-income
people

A flat-rent provision was also included, allowing local market factors to be
considered when flat-rent rates are determined. This will keep rental rates low
for many of Kentucky's Fifth District Residents.

Support for Education Programs

$839 million for TRIO programs, which serves and assists low-income individuals
and first-generation college students as they progress through the academic
pipeline from middle school to college.

$301 million for Gear Up Programs, which are designed to increase the number of
low-income students who are prepared to enter and succeed in post-secondary
education.

$8.5 billion for Head Start, which provides comprehensive early childhood
education, health, nutrition, and parent involvement services to low-income
families.

The law reinstates student aid eligibility for students enrolled in career
pathways programs.

It provides an opportunity for laid off coal miners and other individuals that
do not have a high school diploma or the equivalent to receive federal financial
aid, if enrolled in an eligible career pathways program.

Veterans

Directs the DoD and VA to develop an interoperable health records management
system, allowing agencies within each Department to be able to communicate
regarding patient services and records.

Funds VA medical services at $45.2 billion, including funding for mental health
services, suicide prevention and treatment for homeless veterans

Includes $2.5 billion for processing the disability claims backlog at the VA

Provides $5 million to the VA Office of the Inspector General for the purpose of
addressing the VA "wait list" scandal and continue auditing the VA hospital
appointment scheduling process and lapses in patient care

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

South Dakota: $10,000 grant awarded to Hoven Area Community Foundation

LENGTH: 430  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The Hoven Area Community Foundation has been awarded a $10,000 Community
Innovation Grant.

 The South Dakota Community Foundation (SDCF) selected the Hoven Area Community
Foundation as one of 15 recipients in its recent round of Community Innovation
Grants which provide funding aimed at uncovering breakthroughs in community
needs across the state. The $10,000 grant will allow the Hoven Area Community
Foundation to continue to move their initiative teams forward. These teams are
focusing on healthcare, daycare, youth, housing and business.



 "The additional funding provided by the Community Innovation Grant will allow
research into ways that can grow businesses, community and people in our rural
setting", said Hoven community foundation member Jeremy Stoecker, who is the
owner and agronomist with Leading Edge Agronomy. "With the help of this grant,
our community will be able to continue its efforts to use creative and effective
ways to engage its citizens of all ages in becoming more involved in the future
of our community."

 Kevin Hageman, who serves as Division Manager of the Associated Milk Producers
Inc. cheese factory, is the chairperson for the Hoven community foundation
committee. "This grant will help our community grow through improved
opportunities and community development that will result in a more prosperous
community in the future," he said.

 Over the past year, Hoven received hands-on guidance, coaching and support to
help the community make strategic decisions, wise investments and
forward-thinking progress. They identified a critical component for success that
includes leadership development through the coaching of citizens.

 Hoven school students played a crucial role in this process by receiving
feedback for the project through an online survey they helped distribute to
their parents. The community was able to provide their thoughts on immediate
needs through the survey.

 "Addressing community needs is a key component of Community Innovation Grants,"
says Ginger Niemann, SDCF program officer. "The SDCF is proud to partner with
the Hoven Area Community Foundation as they strive to work on the five
initiatives they have identified."

 During 2017, nonprofits across the state will receive a total of $400,000
through the Community Innovation Grant program, which is a partnership between
the SDCF and the St. Paul, MN-based Bush Foundation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $29,700 Planning Grant to the
Town of Francesville

LENGTH: 173  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $29,700 planning grant to the town of
Francesville for a wastewater treatment and collection study through the state's
Office of Community and Rural Affairs.

"We are pleased to support the planning grant to begin the process of addressing
the wastewater issues experienced by the town of Francesville," said Lt.
Governor Ellspermann.  "By taking this step, Francesville is on the path to
improving services for its residents."

The planning grant for the town of Francesville will be used to assess the
condition of the current wastewater system as well as identify and evaluate
potential improvements.

The majority of the funding comes from the federal Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program, which has proven to be an effective tool for
community-based planning and research initiatives. Francesville provided a local
match of $3,300.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          December 23, 1993, Thursday

Federal grant could inject $ 100 million into the city's poorest areas

BYLINE: By Peter Scott STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section D; Page 13

LENGTH: 434 words


There is not yet a penny to spend, but if federal officials accept a local
community development plan now being prepared, some central and Southside
communities could share in a $ 100 million redevelopment grant by the end of
1994.

The money is part of more than $ 700 million the Clinton administration is
putting up for grabs nationwide for redevelopment areas known as "empowerment
zones."

According to guidelines for the money, the city of Atlanta may nominate a
geographic area that comprises a population of 50,000 or less that is
characterized by "pervasive poverty, unemployment and general distress."

The application for the grants must be approved by the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development and divided among six cities and three rural areas
nationwide.

The money comes from the nation's deficit reduction bill called the Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, which authorizes the creation of empowerment
zones.

"Empowerment zones are the Clinton administration's initiative for addressing
poverty in urban areas," said Fernando Costa, director of the city's Bureau of
Planning.

The mayor's office, representatives of The Atlanta Project, the governor's
office and the state's Department of Human Services and Planning and Community
Affairs are making a joint application for the empowerment zone grant.

Even if the city wins a grant, no funds are likely to be disbursed until about
this time next year.

At least five clusters in The Atlanta Project - Carver, Brown, Southside, Grady
and Washington - along with communities in Neighborhood Planning Units (NPUs) L,
M, N, T, V, W and Y, will be the focus of the community development effort. All
the areas are near the central business district.

A series of incentives for development in the empowerment zones include
tax-exempt facility bonds for businesses to relocate in those areas; tax credits
for businesses to employ residents; and funding to help residents and their
families gain economic independence and many other incentives for development.

In addition, NPUs cited Olympic neighborhoods, Southtowne and the Sweet Auburn
sectors that the Atlanta City Council said in a resolution last month should be
considered as priority areas of needs.

"The Clinton administration's approach is greatly different from previous
federal urban development programs in that it's genuinely community based. They
are asking the community to tell them how to approach revitalization of inner
city neighborhoods," Costa said.

"We want the process to be very inclusive and we will involve many community
residents."

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933640197

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 14, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

Congress to Square Off On Development Funds;
Wide Range of Proposals Seek to Create Jobs

Ann Mariano, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE F2

LENGTH: 909 words


Congress, scrambling to pass job-creating legislation, is considering several
bills that would pour billions of dollars into housing and community development
.

Several measures call for massive spending on other projects in public safety,
education, mass transit, airports, roads and cleaning up federal facilities as a
way to stimulate the economy.

Some members of Congress, seeing a need to get development and construction
moving, also favor knocking down the "firewall," erected by law, that prevents
using savings from defense projects to pay for domestic programs.

But Democrats may be facing a tough battle. The Bush administration opposes many
of the bills, preferring its own economic stimulus proposals.

"This is going to be a very difficult year for [enacting] the kind of
legislation" Democrats propose, said John McEvoy, executive director of the
National Council of State Housing Agencies. "The administration is not
indicating an overwhelming enthusiasm" for them. He said Democrats may even
"have to fight hard" to get existing programs remewed.

Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez (D-Tex.), chairman of the House Banking, Finance and
Urban Affairs Committee, introduced a $ 15.8 billion community development bill
he said would add $ 13 billion in spending by local governments and private
companies and create 750,000 jobs.

The measure, called the Emergency Community Development Act of 1992, would add
funds to a variety of development programs, rehabilitate 80,000 to 100,000
public housing units that are now empty, provide down payments or lower interest
rates for more than 50,000 first-time home buyers, help rural homeowners and
renters and aid homeless people.

City, county and state governments would get the bulk of the money, $ 10
billion, under a formula similar to that of Community Development Block Grants
appropriated each year by Congress. Another $ 3 billion is targeted for rural
housing.

The legislation sets deadlines for starting the programs and orders the
secretaries of the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the
Department of Agriculture to issue implementing regulations promptly. The
agriculture chief could not deny aid for projects in remote areas and the HUD
secretary would be barred from rejecting projects unless they failed to comply
with specific requirements of the legislation.

These provisions reflect long-simmering feuds between Congress and the
administration, which has delayed implementing new laws it opposed.

Other sections of the bill reverse administrative decisions by HUD Secretary
Jack Kemp affecting Federal Housing Administration home mortgage insurance. Kemp
would be barred from the practice, implemented last year, of requiring FHA
buyers to produce more cash than ever in the past to cover part of their down
payment and closing costs.

Kemp also would have to hire more than 2,000 workers to review, process, approve
and monitor federally insured apartment projects that house low- and
moderate-income residents. According to Gonzalez's office, a shortage of
well-trained employees has "hamstrung ... new construction, rehabilitation,
preservation and management" of multifamily housing.

Anna Kondratas, HUD assistant secretary for community planning and development,
said the department opposes Gonzalez's bill because "the money will not be spent
quickly enough" to boost the economy and will add to the budget deficit. More
than a year usually is needed to hold public hearings, allocate funds, choose
banks and developers and get work under way, she said. HUD also fears the
emphasis on economic aid will overshadow the goal of housing more low-income
people.

Another economic stimulus bill introduced by Sens. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.)
and Paul Wellstone (D-Minn.) calls for spending $ 40 billion on a range of
projects. More than $ 9 billion would go into housing and other development,
including $ 3.2 billion for Community Development Block Grants, $ 2.8 billion
for rehabilitating public housing and $ 1.9 billion for rehabilitating
single-family and apartment housing in rural areas.

The money authorized by the Senate and House measures would be in addition to
funds provided by the annual HUD appropriations bill.

Rep. Jamie L. Whitten (D-Miss.), chairman of the House Appropriations Committee,
introduced a $ 15.4 billion job creation bill that includes $ 1.7 billion for
Community Development Block Grants, $ 250 million for public housing
modernization and $ 200 million for rural housing improvements.

A $ 15 billion measure to aid local governments is being sponsored by Rep. John
Conyers Jr. (D-Mich.), chairman of the Government Operations Committee.

The bill would help local governments pay for emergency food and shelter
programs, pay for health, education and public safety projects and to rehire
laid-off workers and restore services limited by the recession.

Conyers also has sponsored legislation to eliminate the barrier between defense
and domestic spending, which would enable Congress to use savings in defense
spending for housing and other domestic initiatives.

Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.), who is cosponsoring the Gonzalez and Whitten bills,
said it is already too late in this fiscal year to divert savings from military
cuts into housing.

But with the prospect of "the slowest economic recovery since the Great
Depression [in the 1930s], it would therefore be worth adding to the budget
deficit," Frank said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 26, 2015 Saturday

State awards Gallia-Meigs grants for community housing initiatives

BYLINE: Dean Wright, Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


Dec. 26--OHIO VALLEY -- The state of Ohio awarded Meigs and Gallia counties a
$675,000 grant to aid in completing eight local home rehabilitations, repairs
with 25 homes, one complete construction of a residence with Habitat for
Humanity, and a program to provide home-ownership opportunities to six families.

According to Gallia County Administrator Karen Sprague, the money will be
distributed by Gallia-Meigs Community Action Agency, a nonprofit organization
that provides programs for low- to moderate-income families asking for
assistance.

The money was granted as part of the community housing impact and preservation
program.

According to program records," Grants are available for single-family
residential dwellings which are owner-occupied and whose total household income
does not exceed maximum income limits. Assistance is available for emergency
repairs, which may include furnace replacement, roof replacement, electrical
repair, septic systems, handicapped accessibility and elimination of other
health and safety issues."

A single person can receive assistance if they have an income of less than $31,
200, for example.

The home-ownership programs state they "will be offered county-wide to all
eligible persons who are below 80 percent of the county median income. The
purpose of this program is to assist residents in purchasing an affordable
(residential) unit. We will accomplish this by providing assistance of 10
percent of the purchase price or $5,000, whichever is less. We will require the
applicant to have a minimum of $1,000 towards the purchase and meet HOME down
payment assistance requirements and to participate in a home-buyer education
course."

Loan sources are available with Ohio Valley Bank, People's Bank, US Bank,
WesBanco, Farmers Bank and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
in Marietta.

Grants are also available to be combined with direct and deferred loans to be
available for single-family residential dwellings. Those dwellings must be
owner-occupied and have a total household income that will not exceed
moderate-income maximum limits. Homes receiving assistance will be brought up to
date with the Office of Community Development Residential Rehabilitation
standards. Applicants will be rated and families rated in the most need will be
served first.

Sprague recommended individuals applying for the programs to apply as soon as
possible as those who apply first will be given higher consideration than
others. Individuals wishing to apply can contact Gallia-Meigs Community Action
Agency at (740) 367-7341.

Dean Wright can be reached at (740) 446-2342, Ext. 2103.

___ (c)2015 the Gallipolis Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) Visit the Gallipolis
Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) at www.mydailytribune.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151226-YQ-State-awards-Gallia-Meigs-grants-for-community-housing-
initiatives-1226-20151226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YQ


                 Copyright 2015 Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

WIU Peace Corps Fellows Program Awarded $160K for 2014-15

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: Macomb


Western Illinois University has issued the following news release:

The Peace Corps Fellows (PCF) Program in Community Development at Western
Illinois University has been awarded close to $160,000 in funding from the
Corporation in National and Community Service (CNCS) to support its statewide
rural community development program in 2014-15. Announced by the Serve Illinois
Commission on Volunteerism and Community Service in early June, the $159,600
will enable WIU's PCF program to place 17 AmeriCorps members in small
communities and local organizations across the state to build capacity, engage
local volunteers and lead the implementation of such local projects as downtown
revitalization, business retention and expansion, tourism development, health
education and outreach and youth leadership development.

In addition, PCF Program Manager Karen Mauldin-Curtis said this year's grant
will focus on enhancing disaster preparedness in rural communities in Illinois.

"AmeriCorps members will work with local community leaders to create and/or
update disaster-response plans and access relevant training for leaders and
volunteers to implement them," she explained. "In anticipation of the new
initiative, the Peace Corps Fellows Program is participating in a statewide
pilot program designed to train AmeriCorps members and staff to assist with
onsite volunteer management in disaster response efforts."

According to Mauldin-Curtis, the program was awarded close to $30,000 more in
funds than last year from the CNCS, which will facilitate the service of two
additional AmeriCorps members (for a total of 17 members, up from 15 last year).

"The start date for this year's award is August 1 and will end July 31, 2015. We
received $29,600 more this year, and our community locations for the fall cohort
of full-time AmeriCorps members include placements at the McDonough County
Health Department, with the city of Rushville, at St. John's Hospital/Memorial
Hospital/Sangamon County Health Department and with the city of Neoga," she
noted.

Peace Corps Fellows and part-time AmeriCorps members will also be assigned to
the Macomb area with ongoing partners, such as with the Housing Authority of
McDonough County and with the Western Illinois Regional Council, among others.
In addition, four AmeriCorps members will be recruited, placed and supervised
through the PCF program's partnership with Illinois State University's Stevenson
Center.

"By the end of the program year, the AmeriCorps members will be responsible for
coordinating at least 50 volunteer-driven community projects, assisting with the
creation/revision of six community-wide disaster response plans and implementing
at least three volunteer management best practices at host sites. As part of
their service, the AmeriCorps members will engage a minimum of 500 community
volunteers across the state," Mauldin-Curtis said.

Since it was established in 1994 through the Illinois Institute for Rural
Affairs at WIU and grant funding from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, the PCF
Program in Community Development (among the first of its kind in the Paul D.
Coverdell Peace Corps Fellows Program Network) has expanded to serve students'
and communities' needs and kept to its core mission of providing service and
learning.

After each Peace Corps Fellow completes his or her coursework in one of the
graduate programs that partner with the PCF program at Western and then an
assistantship, he/she serves in an 11-month internship position in an
underserved rural community in Illinois.

For more information, contact Mauldin-Curtis at (309) 298-2706 or at
K-Mauldin-Curtis@wiu.edu

For more information please visit: http://www.wiu.edu

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                           September 23, 2008 Tuesday

High cost of Internet impeding social, economic development - NGO

BYLINE: Andrew Wander

LENGTH: 740 words


Lebanon's economic and social development is being impeded by the "prohibitively
overpriced" cost of Internet access, a leading NGO working in the field of
information technology has said. The Collective for Research and Training on
Development -Action (CRTD.A) received an $83,000 grant.

BEIRUT: Lebanon's economic and social development is being impeded by the
"prohibitively overpriced" cost of Internet access, a leading NGO working in the
field of information technology has said. The Collective for Research and
Training on Development -Action (CRTD.A) received an $83,000 grant from
Microsoft to research the potential for increasing access to the Internet in
rural areas of Lebanon, and has found that online information is extremely
difficult to access in some parts of the country.

CRTD.A officials say that cheap, reliable access to the Internet is essential if
Lebanon's disadvantaged communities are to develop. The NGO is planning to
launch an information sharing portal which will provide an online directory of
information targeted at the NGO community, the Social Affairs Ministry and
students to bring together information which is currently scattered across the
Internet or only available in English.

"We have around 150,000 internet connections in Lebanon. Ninety percent of them
are in Beirut, Tripoli and the surrounding areas." CRTD.A's Lebanon Development
Portal project manager, Omar Traboulsi, told The Daily Star.

"The digital divide in Lebanon is, to some extent, enormous. We are working in
the regions trying to assess what exists there in terms of access to and
training for information and communication technology."

He described how access to the Internet could increase development potential in
Lebanon. "If the government moved toward e-government, than someone from a rural
village in the Bekaa, for example, could pay their bills online," he said.
"Students could research educational opportunities and a woman's collective
making jams could market their produce using e-commerce."

But he warned that there was little the NGO could do alone in terms of
increasing access to the Internet across the board. "We can't do anything about
the technical aspect- that's the government providing access that is
affordable," he said. "But we have identified that information on social and
community development is scattered rather than concentrated, and in English
rather than in Arabic. We want to create a portal that is interactive, where
users can upload information as well as browse."

The portal, known as the Lebanon Development Gateway, will allow NGOs, students
and other interested parties to share information in Arabic, which Traboulsi
hopes will increase opportunities for social and economic advances in Lebanon. A
pilot version of the site will launch in November.

It will be part of the Development Gateway Foundation (DGF), an international
network of similar projects whose mission is "to reduce poverty and enable
change in developing nations through information technology."

The DGF gave the initial grant to the CRTD.A to develop the portal project, and
the NGO says that it hopes to receive further funding for the initiative once
the Web site is live.

The money from Microsoft, which is being used to research the potential for
increasing access to the Internet in rural parts of Lebanon, came from the
computer giant's "Unlimited Potential" program, which provides training
curriculums and software, as well as cash grants, for communities that lack
access to computer technology. The company's Web site says that access to
information technology "can help foster social and economic opportunities that
change people's lives and transform communities."

The cost of communications is one of Lebanon's major issues. Partnership for
Lebanon, a US-led initiative launched in 2006 to assist reconstruction efforts
after the war with Israel that year, has made developing Lebanon's information
and communication infrastructure a priority. In a fact-sheet on the subject, the
organization says that: "Lebanon's communication infrastructure is weak.
Connectivity is expensive and quality is poor." The group say Internet
connections in rural areas can cost up to $400 a month.

CRTD.A say that the portal project will need institutional backing if it is to
succeed. "It requires will from the institutions," Trabousli said. "There is a
vicious circle - why put information on the Internet if no-one will access it?"

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2008 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           February 6, 2008 Wednesday

SF: We welcome Orange grants

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 331 words


The party yesterday welcomed a decision by the Government to grant aid to the
Orange Order.

A total of EUR 240,000 is to be made available to Orange Order branches or
lodges in the border counties of Cavan, Monaghan, Leitrim and Donegal over the
next two years under a scheme announced by Minister for Community, Rural and
Gaeltacht Affairs,   amon - Cuív.

These lodges have formed a company, Cadolemo Ltd, to promote community
initiatives in the border regions and the Government grants are to be used to
support the work of their development officer.

Mr - Cuív said the development officer would "provide support, training and
mentoring in relation to capacity building and community development, and
facilitate the securing of funding for the repair and refurbishment of Orange
Hall facilities".

The plan is to benefit not just the Orange Order but other community groups that
use Orange Halls.

"A number of Orange Halls in rural areas have been attacked in recent times,
activities I totally deplore, so I am delighted to be in a position to provide
funding which will be focused, among other things, on developing those
facilities for the various groups that use them," said Mr - Cuív.

And despite the Orange Order's staunchly Protestant, unionist ethos and
traditional branding by critics as sectarian, Sinn Féin has wholeheartedly
endorsed the project.

"I absolutely welcome that. I think that it's quite an important development,"
said the party's Dáil leader, Caoimhghín - Caoláin, who will see the fruits of
it in his own Cavan-Monaghan constituency.

"I think it's very, very important that the focus is on reconciliation and
consolidating the peace. We as Irish republicans are completely on board with
that," he said.

"I would hope that Orange Halls would not be seen as isolated from the community
but that the doors would open up and would be greater community interaction
across all community divisions."

The first meeting of a Sinn Féin branch in an Orange Hall is now eagerly
awaited.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Tennessee: TNECD Now Accepting Applications for Tourism Enhancement Grant

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development announced today
applications for the Tourism Enhancement Grant are now available for counties or
cities to enhance or create new tourism infrastructure to increase economic
impact.





 "Tourism development is economic development. In many of our communities,
tourism is the most important driver in the economy," TNECD Commissioner Randy
Boyd said. "With this grant, communities will be able to invest in key assets,
from docks to pavilions to signage.  We will work in partnership with the
Department of Tourist Development to ensure that we help communities invest
wisely and in ways that will get them the maximum return on this investment."



 "During my listening tour, leaders across the state told us tourism is a top
priority that drives their local economy, and communities need assistance
expanding and enhancing these assets," Assistant Commissioner of Rural
Development Amy New said. "As Team Tennessee, we want to be that partner in
assisting them. We are excited to partner with our stakeholders as we continue
to build thriving communities throughout Tennessee."



 "Tourism development and economic development go hand in hand," Tennessee
Department of Tourist Development Commissioner Kevin Triplett said. "As the
partnership between our two departments continues to grow, we have an even
greater appreciation for the support TNECD is providing through opportunities
like this for tourism initiatives across the state."



 The goal of the Tourism Enhancement Grant is for cities or counties to improve
and create local tourism infrastructure assets, such as wayfinding signage,
stages, boat ramps, scenic pull-offs and public restrooms to improve their
tourism economic impact. This grant will be available for up to $50,000 with a
match requirement based on economic status. The grant is also eligible for up to
$20,000 for counties or cities who have a desire to develop a tourism asset
plan.



 All interested local governments must submit their completed applications by
April 18, 2016. Applications and additional information regarding the grant can
be found at tn.gov/TourismGrant.



 About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development



 The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development's mission is to
develop strategies which help make Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast
for high quality jobs. To grow and strengthen Team Tennessee, the department
seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with Tennessee
companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Tennessee is the only
three-time winner of "State of the Year" for economic development by Business
Facilities magazine. Find us on the web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter:
@tnecd. Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/tnecd.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

Berendina holds fund raising walk for 'Rural Student' scholarship program

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Jan. 19 -- "A Walk for Education", an initiative taken by
Give2srilanka, (www.give2srilanka.com) was held at the Racecourse Grounds,
Colombo 7 recently.

It saws the participation of over two hundred students, activists, senior
management and employees of Berendina, as well as many wellwishers. The walk and
music festival was organized by Give2srilanka, in order to raise funds and
awareness of its Rural Students' Scholarship Program, which has been benefitting
students across 9 districts in Sri Lanka for the past 15 years. The Chief Guest
at the event was the Ambassador of the Netherlands to Sri Lanka and Maldives,
Joanne Doornewaard. She commended Berendina and Give2srilanka for being a
not-for-profit organization which has been actively involved in rural community
development and microfinance in Sri Lanka for over two decades, and reiterated
the commitment of the Netherlands to helping further the goals of the
organization.

The walk was followed by the awarding of scholarships to 45 deserving (6 credits
at O level with mathematics) yet impoverished students (samurdhi or per person
income of the family below Rs. 5,000) from 9 selected districts in Sri Lanka.
This brought the total scholarships given in 2015 to 1000. This program sees the
children right up to employment or higher education. Berendina's Chairman Dulan
De Silva also spoke at the event, outlining the vision that Berendina hopes to
expand through the Give2srilanka initiative; in making education accessible to
all eligible students of rural Sri Lanka.

The musical festival which took place as a finale of the walk featured some of
the biggest names in the local music industry. The crowds were entertained by
Bathiya and Santhush, the ever-popular band Daddy, winners of TNL Onstage 2015,
Cosmogyral, as well as Infinity. These artists had generously come forward to
support the cause of education, and they added a colorful closure to a
successful event.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $30,000 Planning Grant to Jennings County

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, March 30 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $30,000 planning grant to Jennings
County to fund a feasibility study regarding the current St. Vincent DePaul
facility. These federal dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA)
administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The study will assess community residents' underserved needs and outline the
costs of expanding and renovating the St. Vincent DePaul facility in comparison
with building a new facility. The current facility is in poor repair and is
inadequate to meet demand for the community services it provides.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please Visit: http://www.state.in. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Community
Development Initiative for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 9887  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service


Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Community
Development Initiative for Fiscal Year 2015

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an agency within the USDA
Rural Development mission area herein referred to as the Agency
announces the acceptance of applications under the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) program. Applicants must provide matching
funds in an amount at least equal to the Federal grant. These grants
will be made to qualified intermediary organizations that will provide
financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop their
capacity and ability to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development that will
support the community.
    This Notice lists the information needed to submit an application
for these funds. This Notice contains revised evaluation criteria that
are streamlined, in order to enhance program efficiency and delivery.

DATES: The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time,
August 13, 2015. The application date and time are firm. The Agency
will not consider any application received after the deadline.
Applicants intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time
to permit delivery on or before the closing deadline date and time.
Acceptance by the United States Postal Service or private mailer does
not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due applications
will not be accepted.

ADDRESSES: Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the
application documents and requirements delineated in this Notice from
the RCDI Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.
    Application information for electronic submissions may be found at
http://www.grants.gov.
    Applicants may also request paper application packages from the
Rural Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development
State offices can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The Rural Development office for the
state in which the applicant is located. A list of Rural Development
State Office contacts is provided at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.

Paperwork Reduction Act

The paperwork burden has been cleared by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0575-0180.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.
    Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Community Development Initiative.
    Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.
    Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.446.
    Dates: The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local
time, August 13, 2015. The application date and time are firm. The
Agency will not consider any application received after the deadline.
Applicants intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time
to permit delivery on or before the closing deadline date and time.
Acceptance by the United States Postal Service or private mailer does
not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due applications
will not be accepted.

A. Program Description

Congress first authorized the RCDI in 1999 (Pub. L. 106-78, which
was amended most recently by The Consolidated and Further Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235)). The RCDI was authorized to
develop the capacity and ability of qualified private, nonprofit
community-based housing and community development organizations, low-
income rural communities, and federally recognized Native American
Tribes to undertake projects related to housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development in rural areas. Strengthening the
recipient's capacity in these areas will benefit the communities they
serve. The RCDI structure requires the intermediary (grantee) to
provide a program of financial and technical assistance to recipients.
The recipients will, in turn, provide programs to their communities
(beneficiaries).
    Of particular note this year, the Agency is encouraging
applications for projects based in or servicing high poverty areas.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's (RD) mission of
improving the quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to
directing resources to those who most need them.

B. Federal Award Information

Congress, in The Continuing and Further Continuing Appropriations
Act, 2015 (Pub.L. 113-235), appropriated $4,000,000 in FY 2015 for the
RCDI program. The amount of funding received in the FY 2015
Appropriations Act can also be found at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas#nosa.
    Qualified private, nonprofit and public (including tribal)
intermediary organizations proposing to carry out financial and
technical assistance programs will be eligible to receive the grant
funding.

[[Page 27888]]

The intermediary will be required to provide matching funds in an
amount at least equal to the RCDI grant.
    A grant will be the type of assistance instrument awarded to
successful applications.
    The respective minimum and maximum grant amount per intermediary is
$50,000 and $250,000.
    Grant funds must be utilized within 3 years from date of the award.
    A grantee that has an outstanding RCDI grant over 3 years old, as
of the application due date in this Notice, is not eligible to apply
for this round of funding.
    The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical
assistance to one or more of the following: A private, nonprofit
community-based housing and development organization, a low-income
rural community or a federally recognized tribe.

C. Eligibility Information

Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility requirements
by the application deadline. Applications which fail to meet any of
these requirements by the application deadline will be deemed
ineligible and will not be evaluated further, and will not receive a
Federal award.

1. Eligible Applicants

(a) Qualified private, nonprofit, (including faith-based and
community organizations and philanthropic foundations), in accordance
with 7 CFR part 16, and public (including tribal) intermediary
organizations are eligible applicants. Definitions that describe
eligible organizations and other key terms are listed below.
    (b) The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing and
development organization, low-income rural community, or federally
recognized tribe based on the RCDI definitions of these groups.
    (c) Private nonprofit, faith or community-based organizations must
provide a certificate of incorporation and good standing from the
Secretary of the State of incorporation, or other similar and valid
documentation of nonprofit status. For low-income rural community
recipients, the Agency requires evidence that the entity is a public
body and census data verifying that the median household income of the
community where the office receiving the financial and technical
assistance is located is at, or below, 80 percent of the State or
national median household income, whichever is higher. For federally
recognized tribes, the Agency needs the page listing their name from
the current Federal Register list of tribal entities recognized and
eligible for funding services (see the definition of federally
recognized tribes in this Notice for details on this list).
    (d) Any corporation (1) that has been convicted of a felony
criminal violation under any Federal law within the past 24 months or
(2) that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed,
for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted
or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax
liability; is not eligible for financial assistance provided with funds
appropriated by the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations
Act, 2015, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or
debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this
further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the
Government.

2. Cost Sharing or Matching

There is a matching requirement of at least equal to the amount of
the grant. If this matching funds requirement is not met, the
application will be deemed ineligible. See section D, Application and
Submission Information, for required pre-award and post award matching
funds documentation submission.
    The intermediary must provide matching funds at least equal to the
amount of the grant. Verification of matching funds must be submitted
with the application. Matching funds must be committed for a period
equal to the grant performance period. The intermediary will be
required to provide matching funds in an amount at least equal to the
RCDI grant. In-kind contributions such as salaries, donated time and
effort, real and nonexpendable personal property and goods and services
cannot be used as matching funds.
    Matching funds are cash or confirmed funding commitments and must
be at least equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not
less than the grant performance period. These funds can only be used
for eligible RCDI activities. Matching funds must be used to support
the overall purpose of the RCDI program.
    In-kind contributions such as salaries, donated time and effort,
real and nonexpendable personal property and goods and services cannot
be used as matching funds.
    Grant funds and matching funds must be used in equal proportions.
This does not mean funds have to be used equally by line item.
    The request for advance or reimbursement and supporting
documentation must show that RCDI fund usage does not exceed the
cumulative amount of matching funds used.
    Grant funds will be disbursed pursuant to relevant provisions of 2
CFR parts 200 and 400. Verification of matching funds must be submitted
with the application. See Section D, other program requirements, for
matching funds documentation and pre-award requirements.
    The intermediary is responsible for demonstrating that matching
funds are available, and committed for a period of not less than the
grant performance period to the RCDI proposal. Matching funds may be
provided by the intermediary or a third party. Other Federal funds may
be used as matching funds if authorized by statute and the purpose of
the funds is an eligible RCDI purpose.
    RCDI funds will be disbursed on an advance or reimbursement basis.
Matching funds cannot be expended prior to execution of the RCDI Grant
Agreement.

3. Other Program Requirements

(a) The recipient and beneficiary, but not the intermediary, must
be located in an eligible rural area. The physical location of the
recipient's office that will be receiving the financial and technical
assistance must be in an eligible rural area. If the recipient is a
low-income community, the median household income of the area where the
office is located must be at or below 80 percent of the State or
national median household income, whichever is higher. The applicable
Rural Development State Office can assist in determining the
eligibility of an area.
    A listing of Rural Development State Office contacts can be found
at the following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. A
map showing eligible rural areas can be
found at the following link:
http://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?pageAction=RBSm
enu&NavKey=property@13.
    (b) RCDI grantees that have an outstanding grant over 3 years old,
as of the application due date in this Notice, will not be eligible to
apply for this round of funding. Grant and matching funds must be
utilized in a timely manner to ensure that the goals and objectives of
the program are met.
    (c) Individuals cannot be recipients.

[[Page 27889]]

(d) The intermediary must provide a program of financial and
technical assistance to the recipient.
    (e) The intermediary organization must have been legally organized
for a minimum of 3 years and have at least 3 years prior experience
working with private nonprofit community-based housing and development
organizations, low-income rural communities, or tribal organizations in
the areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development.
    (f) Proposals must be structured to utilize the grant funds within
3 years from the date of the award.
    (g) Each applicant, whether singularly or jointly, may only submit
one application for RCDI funds under this Notice. This restriction does
not preclude the applicant from providing matching funds for other
applications.
    (h) Recipients can benefit from more than one RCDI application;
however, after grant selections are made, the recipient can only
benefit from multiple RCDI grants if the type of financial and
technical assistance the recipient will receive is not duplicative. The
services described in multiple RCDI grant applications must have
separate and identifiable accounts for compliance purposes.
    (i) The intermediary and the recipient cannot be the same entity.
The recipient can be a related entity to the intermediary, if it meets
the definition of a recipient, provided the relationship does not
create a Conflict of Interest that cannot be resolved to Rural
Development's satisfaction.
    (j) If the recipient is a low-income rural community, identify the
unit of government to which the financial and technical assistance will
be provided, e.g., town council or village board. The financial and
technical assistance must be provided to the organized unit of
government representing that community, not the community at large.

4. Eligible Grant Purposes

Fund uses must be consistent with the RCDI purpose. A nonexclusive
list of eligible grant uses includes the following:
    (a) Provide technical assistance to develop recipients' capacity
and ability to undertake projects related to housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development, e.g., the
intermediary hires a staff person to provide technical assistance to
the recipient or the recipient hires a staff person, under the
supervision of the intermediary, to carry out the technical assistance
provided by the intermediary.
    (b) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct community
development programs, e.g., homeownership education or training for
business entrepreneurs.
    (c) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct development
initiatives, e.g., programs that support micro-enterprise and
sustainable development.
    (d) Develop the capacity of recipients to increase their leveraging
ability and access to alternative funding sources by providing training
and staffing.
    (e) Develop the capacity of recipients to provide the technical
assistance component for essential community facilities projects.
    (f) Assist recipients in completing pre-development requirements
for housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development projects by providing resources for professional services,
e.g., architectural, engineering, or legal.
    (g) Improve recipient's organizational capacity by providing
training and resource material on developing strategic plans, board
operations, management, financial systems, and information technology.
    (h) Purchase of computers, software, and printers, limited to
$10,000 per award, at the recipient level when directly related to the
technical assistance program being undertaken by the intermediary.
    (i) Provide funds to recipients for training-related travel costs
and training expenses related to RCDI.

5. Ineligible Fund Uses

The following is a list of ineligible grant uses:
    (a) Pass-through grants, and any funds provided to the recipient in
a lump sum that are not reimbursements.
    (b) Funding a revolving loan fund (RLF).
    (c) Construction (in any form).
    (d) Salaries for positions involved in construction, renovations,
rehabilitation, and any oversight of these types of activities.
    (e) Intermediary preparation of strategic plans for recipients.
    (f) Funding prostitution, gambling, or any illegal activities.
    (g) Grants to individuals.
    (h) Funding a grant where there may be a conflict of interest, or
an appearance of a conflict of interest, involving any action by the
Agency.
    (i) Paying obligations incurred before the beginning date without
prior Agency approval or after the ending date of the grant agreement.
    (j) Purchasing real estate.
    (k) Improvement or renovation of the grantee's, or recipient's
office space or for the repair or maintenance of privately owned
vehicles.
    (l) Any purpose prohibited in 2 CFR part 200 or 400.
    (m) Using funds for recipient's general operating costs.
    (n) Using grant or matching funds for Individual Development
Accounts.
    (o) Purchasing vehicles.

6. Program Examples and Restrictions

The following are examples of eligible and ineligible purposes
under the RCDI program. (These examples are illustrative and are not
meant to limit the activities proposed in the application. Activities
that meet the objectives of the RCDI program and meet the criteria
outlined in this Notice will be considered eligible.)
    (a) The intermediary must work directly with the recipient, not the
ultimate beneficiaries. As an example:
    The intermediary provides training to the recipient on how to
conduct homeownership education classes. The recipient then provides
ongoing homeownership education to the residents of the community--the
ultimate beneficiaries. This ``train the trainer'' concept fully meets
the intent of this initiative. The intermediary is providing technical
assistance that will build the recipient's capacity by enabling them to
conduct homeownership education classes for the public.
    This is an eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary directly
provided homeownership education classes to individuals in the
recipient's service area, this would not be an eligible purpose because
the recipient would be bypassed.
    (b) If the intermediary is working with a low-income community as
the recipient, the intermediary must provide the technical assistance
to the entity that represents the low-income community and is
identified in the application. Examples of entities representing a low-
income community are a village board or a town council.
    If the intermediary provides technical assistance to the Board of
the low-income community on how to establish a cooperative, this would
be an eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary works directly
with individuals from the community to establish the cooperative, this
is not an eligible purpose.
    The recipient's capacity is built by learning skills that will
enable them to support sustainable economic development in their
communities on an ongoing basis.
    (c) The intermediary may provide technical assistance to the
recipient on how to create and operate a revolving loan fund. The
intermediary may not

[[Page 27890]]

monitor or operate the revolving loan fund. RCDI funds, including
matching funds, cannot be used to fund revolving loan funds.
    (d) The intermediary may work with recipients in building their
capacity to provide planning and leadership development training. The
recipients of this training would be expected to assume leadership
roles in the development and execution of regional strategic plans. The
intermediary would work with multiple recipients in helping communities
recognize their connections to the greater regional and national
economies.
    (e) The intermediary could provide training and technical
assistance to the recipients on developing emergency shelter and
feeding, short-term housing, search and rescue, and environmental
accident, prevention, and cleanup program plans. For longer term
disaster and economic crisis responses, the intermediary could work
with the recipients to develop job placement and training programs, and
develop coordinated transit systems for displaced workers.

D. Application and Submission Information

1. Address To Request Application Package

Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the
application documents and requirements delineated in this Notice from
the RCDI Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.
    Application information for electronic submissions may be found at
http://www.grants.gov.
    Applicants may also request paper application packages from the
Rural Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development
State office contacts can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. You may also obtain a copy
by calling 202-205-
9685.

2. Content and Form of Application Submission

If the applicant is ineligible or the application is incomplete,
the Agency will inform the applicant in writing of the decision,
reasons therefore, and its appeal rights and no further evaluation of
the application will occur.
    A complete application for RCDI funds must include the following:
    (a) A summary page, double-spaced between items, listing the
following: (This information should not be presented in narrative
form.)
    (1) Applicant's name,
    (2) Applicant's address,
    (3) Applicant's telephone number,
    (4) Name of applicant's contact person and telephone number,
    (5) Applicant's fax number,
    (6) County where applicant is located,
    (7) Congressional district number where applicant is located,
    (8) Amount of grant request, and
    (9) Number of recipients.
    (b) A detailed Table of Contents containing page numbers for each
component of the application.
    (c) A project overview, no longer than five pages, including the
following items, which will also be addressed separately and in detail
under ``Building Capacity and Expertise'' of the ``Evaluation
Criteria.''
    (1) The type of technical assistance to be provided to the
recipients and how it will be implemented.
    (2) How the capacity and ability of the recipients will be
improved.
    (3) The overall goals to be accomplished.
    (4) The benchmarks to be used to measure the success of the
program. Benchmarks should be specific and quantifiable.
    (d) Organizational documents, such as a certificate of
incorporation and a current good standing certification from the
Secretary of State where the applicant is incorporated and other
similar and valid documentation of non-profit status, from the
intermediary that confirms it has been legally organized for a minimum
of 3 years as the applicant entity.
    (e) Verification of source and amount of matching funds, e.g., a
copy of a bank statement if matching funds are in cash or a copy of the
confirmed funding commitment from the funding source.
    The verification must show that matching funds are available for
the duration of the grant performance period. The verification of
matching funds must be submitted with the application or the
application will be considered incomplete.
    The applicant will be contacted by the Agency prior to grant award
to verify that the matching funds provided with the application
continue to be available. The applicant will have 15 days from the date
contacted to submit verification that matching funds continue to be
available.
    If the applicant is unable to provide the verification within that
timeframe, the application will be considered ineligible. The applicant
must maintain bank statements on file or other documentation for a
period of at least 3 years after grant closing except that the records
shall be retained beyond the 3-year period if audit findings have not
been resolved.
    (f) The following information for each recipient:
    (1) Recipient's entity name,
    (2) Complete address (mailing and physical location, if different),
    (3) County where located,
    (4) Number of Congressional district where recipient is located,
    (5) Contact person's name and telephone number, and
    (6) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.'' If the Form RD 400-4 is
not submitted for a recipient, the recipient will be considered
ineligible. No information pertaining to that recipient will be
included in the income or population scoring criteria and the requested
funding may be adjusted due to the deletion of the recipient.
    (g) Submit evidence that each recipient entity is eligible.
Documentation must be submitted to verify recipient eligibility.
Acceptable documentation varies depending on the type of recipient:
    (1) Nonprofits--provide a current valid letter confirming non-
profit status from the Secretary of the State of incorporation or the
IRS, a current good standing certification from the Secretary of the
State of incorporation, or other valid documentation of nonprofit
status of each recipient. A nonprofit recipient must provide evidence
that it is a valid nonprofit when the intermediary applies for the RCDI
grant. Organizations with pending requests for nonprofit designations
are not eligible.
    (2) Low-income rural community--provide evidence the entity is a
public body, and a copy of the 2010 census data to verify the
population, and evidence that the median household income is at, or
below, 80 percent of either the State or national median household
income. We will only accept data and printouts from http://www.census.gov.
    (3) Federally recognized tribes--provide the page listing their
name from the Federal Register list of tribal entities published most
recently by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The 2014 list is available at
79 FR 4748-53 and http://www.bia.gov/cs/groups/public/documents/text/idc006989.
    (h) Each of the ``Evaluation Criteria'' must be addressed
specifically and individually by category. Present these criteria in
narrative form. Documentation must be limited to three pages per
criterion. The ``Population and Income'' criteria for recipient
locations can be provided in the form of a list; however, the source of
the data must be included on the page(s).

[[Page 27891]]

(i) A timeline identifying specific activities and proposed dates
for completion.
    (j) A detailed project budget that includes the RCDI grant amount
and matching funds. This should be a line-item budget, by category.
Categories such as salaries, administrative, other, and indirect costs
that pertain to the proposed project must be clearly defined.
Supporting documentation listing the components of these categories
must be included. The budget should be dated: year 1, year 2, year 3,
as applicable.
    (k) The indirect cost category in the project budget should be used
only when a grant applicant has a federally negotiated indirect cost
rate. A copy of the current rate agreement must be provided with the
application. Non-federal entities that have never received a negotiated
indirect cost rate may use the de minimis rate of 10% of modified total
direct costs (MTDC).
    (l) Form SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance.'' (Do not
complete Form SF-424A, ``Budget Information.'' A separate line-item
budget should be presented as described in No. 13 of this section.)
    (m) Form SF-424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.''
    (n) Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,
and Other Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions.''
    (o) Form AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,
Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower Tier Covered
Transactions.''
    (p) Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace
Requirements.''
    (q) Certification of Non-Lobbying Activities.
    (r) Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if
applicable.
    (s) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement,'' for the applicant.
    (t) Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural
Development employees. (A statement acknowledging whether or not a
relationship exists is required).
    (u) Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and
Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you are a
corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles of
incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the
Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic
of the Marshall Islands, or the various territories of the United
States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, Northern Mariana
Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands. Corporations include
both for profit and non-profit entities.

3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System
for Awards Management (SAM)

Grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number and register in the System for Award
Management (SAM) prior to submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2
CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an entity applicant must maintain
registration in SAM at all times during which it has an active Federal
award or an application or plan under construction by the Agency.
Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier subawards and executive
compensation in accordance to 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity
applicant does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the
applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to
comply with the reporting requirements should the applicant receive
funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
    An applicant, unless excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b), (c), or (d),
is required to:
    (a) Be registered in SAM before submitting its application;
    (b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application; and
    (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding
agency.
    The Federal awarding agency may not make a federal award to an
applicant until the applicant has complied with all applicable DUNS and
SAM requirements and, if an applicant has not fully complied with the
requirements by the time the Federal awarding agency is ready to make a
Federal award, the Federal awarding agency may determine that the
applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and use that
determination as a basis for making a Federal award to another
applicant.
    As required by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), all grant
applications must provide a DUNS number when applying for Federal
grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS
number at no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at 1-866-
705-5711 or via Internet at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Additional
information concerning this requirement can be obtained on the
Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov. Similarly, applicants may
register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220.
    The DUNS number should be identified in the ``Organizational DUNS''
field on Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance.'' Since there are no specific fields for a Commercial and
Government Entity (CAGE) code and expiration date, they may be
identified anywhere on the Form SF 424. If the applicant does not
provide the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS number in the
application, it will not be considered for funding. The required forms
and certifications can be downloaded from the RCDI Web site at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.

4. Submission Dates and Times

The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time,
August 13, 2015. The application date and time are firm. The Agency
will not consider any application received after the deadline. You may
submit your application in paper form or electronically through
Grants.gov. Applicants intending to mail applications must provide
sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the closing deadline
date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service or
private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and
postage due applications will not be accepted.
    To submit a paper application, the original application package
must be submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the
applicant's headquarters is located. A listing of Rural Development
State Offices can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
    Applications will not be accepted via FAX or electronic mail.
    Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov.
Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at
Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application. If
a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the
Grants.gov Web site.
    Technical difficulties submitting an application through Grants.gov
will not be a reason to extend the application deadline. If an
application is unable to be submitted through Grants.gov, a paper
application must be received in

[[Page 27892]]

the appropriate Rural Development State Office by the deadline noted
previously.
    First time Grants.gov users should carefully read and follow the
registration steps listed on the Web site. These steps need to be
initiated early in the application process to avoid delays in
submitting your application online.
    In order to register with System for Award Management (SAM), your
organization will need a DUNS number. Be sure to complete the Marketing
Partner ID (MPID) and Electronic Business Primary Point of Contact
fields during the SAM registration process.
    These are mandatory fields that are required when submitting grant
applications through Grants.gov. Additional application instructions
for submitting an electronic application can be found by selecting this
funding opportunity on Grants.gov.

5. Funding Restrictions

Meeting expenses. In accordance with 31 U.S.C. 1345, ``Expenses of
Meetings,'' appropriations may not be used for travel, transportation,
and subsistence expenses for a meeting. RCDI grant funds cannot be used
for these meeting-related expenses. Matching funds may, however, be
used to pay for these expenses.
    RCDI funds may be used to pay for a speaker as part of a program,
equipment to facilitate the program, and the actual room that will
house the meeting.
    RCDI funds cannot be used for meetings; they can, however, be used
for travel, transportation, or subsistence expenses for program-related
training and technical assistance purposes. Any training not delineated
in the application must be approved by the Agency to verify compliance
with 31 U.S.C. 1345. Travel and per diem expenses (including meals and
incidental expenses) will be allowed in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200
and 400.

E. Application Review Information

1. Evaluation Criteria

Applications will be evaluated using the following criteria and
weights:
(a) Building Capacity and Expertise--Maximum 40 Points
    The applicant must demonstrate how they will improve the
recipients' capacity, through a program of financial and technical
assistance, as it relates to the RCDI purposes.
    Capacity-building financial and technical assistance should provide
new functions to the recipients or expand existing functions that will
enable the recipients to undertake projects in the areas of housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development that will
benefit the community. Capacity-building financial and technical
assistance may include, but is not limited to: Training to conduct
community development programs, e.g., homeownership education, or the
establishment of minority business entrepreneurs, cooperatives, or
micro-enterprises; organizational development, e.g., assistance to
develop or improve board operations, management, and financial systems;
instruction on how to develop and implement a strategic plan;
instruction on how to access alternative funding sources to increase
leveraging opportunities; staffing, e.g., hiring a person at
intermediary or recipient level to provide technical assistance to
recipients.
    The program of financial and technical assistance that is to be
provided, its delivery, and the measurability of the program's
effectiveness will determine the merit of the application.
    All applications will be competitively ranked with the applications
providing the most improvement in capacity development and measurable
activities being ranked the highest.
    The narrative response must contain the following items. This list
also contains the points for each item.
    (1) Describe the nature of financial and technical assistance to be
provided to the recipients and the activities that will be conducted to
deliver the technical assistance; (10 Points)
    (2) Explain how financial and technical assistance will develop or
increase the recipient's capacity. Indicate whether a new function is
being developed or if existing functions are being expanded or
performed more effectively; (7 Points)
    (3) Identify which RCDI purpose areas will be addressed with this
assistance: Housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development; (3 Points)
    (4) Describe how the results of the technical assistance will be
measured. What benchmarks will be used to measure effectiveness?
Benchmarks should be specific and quantifiable; (5 Points)
    (5) Demonstrate that it has conducted programs of financial and
technical assistance and achieved measurable results in the areas of
housing, community facilities, or community and economic development in
rural areas. (10 Points)
    (6) Provide the name, contact information, and the type and amount
of the financial and technical assistance the applicant organization
has provided to the following for the last 3 years: (5 Points)
    (i) Nonprofit organizations in rural areas.
    (ii) Low-income communities in rural areas (also include the type
of entity, e.g., city government, town council, or village board).
    (iii) Federally recognized tribes or any other culturally diverse
organizations.
(b) Soundness of Approach--Maximum 15 Points
    The applicant can receive up to 15 points for soundness of
approach. The overall proposal will be considered under this criterion.
Applicants must list the page numbers in the application that address
these factors.
    The maximum 15 points for this criterion will be based on the
following:
    (1) The proposal fits the objectives for which applications were
invited, is clearly stated, and the applicant has defined how this
proposal will be implemented. (7 Points)
    (2) The ability to provide the proposed financial and technical
assistance based on prior accomplishments. (6 Points)
    (3) Cost effectiveness will be evaluated based on the budget in the
application. The proposed grant amount and matching funds should be
utilized to maximize capacity building at the recipient level. (2
Points)
(c) Population and Income--Maximum 15 Points
    Population is based on the average population from the 2010 census
data for the communities in which the recipients are located. The
physical address, not mailing address, for each recipient must be used
for this criterion. Community is defined for scoring purposes as a
city, town, village, county, parish, borough, or census-designated
place where the recipient's office is physically located.
    The applicant must submit the census data from the following Web
site in the form of a printout of the applicable ``Fact Sheet'' to
verify the population figures used for each recipient. The data can be
accessed on the Internet at http://www.census.gov; click on ``American
FactFinder,'' fill in field and click ``Go''; the name and population
data for each recipient location must be listed in this section.
    The average population of the recipient locations will be used and
will be scored as follows:

[[Page 27893]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                Scoring
                          Population                            (points)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
10,000 or less...............................................          5
10,001 to 20,000.............................................          4
20,001 to 30,000.............................................          3
30,001 to 40,000.............................................          2
40,001 to 50,000.............................................          1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The average of the median household income for the communities
where the recipients are physically located will determine the points
awarded. The physical address, not mailing address, for each recipient
must be used for this criterion. Applicants may compare the average
recipient median household income to the State median household income
or the national median household income, whichever yields the most
points. The national median household income to be used is $51,914.
    The applicant must submit the income data in the form of a printout
of the applicable information from the following Web site to verify the
income for each recipient.
    The data being used is from the 2010 census. The data can be
accessed on the Internet at http://www.census.gov; click on ``American
FactFinder,'' fill in field and click ``Go''; the name and income data
for each recipient location must be listed in this section. Points will
be awarded as follows:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                Scoring
               Average recipient median income                  (points)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less than or equal to 70 percent of state or national median          10
 household income............................................
Greater than 70, but less than or equal to 80 percent of               5
 state or national median household income...................
In excess of 80 percent of state or national median household          0
 Income......................................................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(d) State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 10 Points
    (1) This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the
applicant.
    (2) Up to 10 points may be awarded by the Rural Development State
Director to any application(s) that benefits their state regardless of
whether the applicant is headquartered in their state. The total points
awarded under this criterion, to all applications, will not exceed 10.
    (3) When an intermediary submits an application that will benefit a
state that is not the same as the state in which the intermediary is
headquartered, it is the intermediary's responsibility to notify the
State Director of the state which is receiving the benefit of their
application. In such cases, State Directors awarding points to
applications benefiting their state must notify the reviewing state in
writing.
    (4) Assignment of any points under this criterion requires a
written justification and must be tied to and awarded based on how
closely the application aligns with the Rural Development State
Office's strategic goals.
(e) Support of Agency's Strategic Goals--Maximum 20 Points
    This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant.
The Agency Administrator may award up to 20 points to any application
to the extent that the application supports Strategic Goal One in the
USDA Strategic Plan 2014-2018. This plan can be found at the following
link: www.usda.gov/documents/usda-strategic-plan-fy-2014-2018.pdf.
    Points may be awarded to applications that meet at least one of the
following six criteria below (note: the maximum points can be given to
any one of the following six criteria):
    (1) The project is based in a census tract with poverty greater
than or equal to 20%;
    (2) The project is based in a community (village, town, city, or
Census Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant eligible (rural community
having a population of 5,000 or less and median household income (MHI)
of 60% or less of the state's non-metropolitan median household income
(NMHI);
    (3) The project's service area includes at least one census tract
with poverty greater than or equal to 20%;
    (4) The project's service area includes at least one community
(village, town, city, or Census Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant
eligible (rural community having a population of 5,000 or less and MHI
of 60% or less of the state's NMHI);
    (5) The project serves a Strikeforce area (see link below).
    (6) The project serves a Promise Zone (see link below) and eligible
applicant provides evidence of partnership with a Promise Zone Lead
Applicant organization.
    For a listing of StrikeForce areas and designated Promise Zones,
click on the following link:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=STRIKE_FORCE, then click the
StrikeForce or Promise
Zones button from the left menu. For a mapping tool identifying census
tracts with poverty greater than or equal to 20 percent, click on the
following link: http://rdgdwe.sc.egov.usda.gov/rdpoverty/index.html

2. Review and Selection Process

(a) Rating and ranking.
    Applications will be rated and ranked on a national basis by a
review panel based on the ``Evaluation Criteria'' contained in this
Notice.
    If there is a tied score after the applications have been rated and
ranked, the tie will be resolved by reviewing the scores for ``Building
Capacity and Expertise'' and the applicant with the highest score in
that category will receive a higher ranking. If the scores for
``Building Capacity and Expertise'' are the same, the scores will be
compared for the next criterion, in sequential order, until one highest
score can be determined.
    (b) Initial screening.
    The Agency will screen each application to determine eligibility
during the period immediately following the application deadline.
Listed below are examples of reasons for rejection from previous
funding rounds. The following reasons for rejection are not all
inclusive; however, they represent the majority of the applications
previously rejected.
    (1) Recipients were not located in eligible rural areas based on
the definition in this Notice.
    (2) Applicants failed to provide evidence of recipient's status,
i.e., documentation supporting nonprofit evidence of organization.
    (3) Applicants failed to provide evidence of committed matching
funds or matching funds were not committed for a period at least equal
to the grant performance period.
    (4) Application did not follow the RCDI structure with an
intermediary and recipients.
    (5) Recipients were not identified in the application.
    (6) Intermediary did not provide evidence it had been incorporated
for at least 3 years as the applicant entity.
    (7) Applicants failed to address the ``Evaluation Criteria.''
    (8) The purpose of the proposal did not qualify as an eligible RCDI
purpose.
    (9) Inappropriate use of funds (e.g., construction or renovations).
    (10) The applicant proposed providing financial and technical
assistance directly to individuals.
    (11) The application package was not received by closing date and
time.

F. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notice

Within the limit of funds available for such purpose, the awarding
official of the Agency shall make grants in ranked order to eligible
applicants under the procedures set forth in this Notice.
    Successful applicants will receive a selection letter by mail
containing

[[Page 27894]]

instructions on requirements necessary to proceed with execution and
performance of the award. This letter is not an authorization to begin
performance. In addition, selected applicants will be requested to
verify that components of the application have not changed at the time
of selection and on the award obligation date, if requested by the
Agency.
    The award is not approved until all information has been verified,
and the awarding official of the Agency has signed Form RD 1940-1,
``Request for Obligation of Funds'' and the grant agreement.
    Unsuccessful applicants will receive notification including appeal
rights by mail.

2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Grantees will be required to do the following:
    (a) Execute a Rural Community Development Initiative Grant
Agreement.
    (b) Execute Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''
    (c) Use Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to
request reimbursements. Provide receipts for expenditures, timesheets
and any other documentation to support the request for reimbursement.
    (d) Provide financial status and project performance reports on a
quarterly basis starting with the first full quarter after the grant
award.
    (e) Maintain a financial management system that is acceptable to
the Agency.
    (f) Ensure that records are maintained to document all activities
and expenditures utilizing RCDI grant funds and matching funds.
Receipts for expenditures will be included in this documentation.
    (g) Provide annual audits or management reports on Form RD 442-2,
``Statement of Budget, Income and Equity,'' and Form RD 442-3,
``Balance Sheet,'' depending on the amount of Federal funds expended
and the outstanding balance.
    (h) Collect and maintain data provided by recipients on race, sex,
and national origin and ensure recipients collect and maintain the same
data on beneficiaries. Race and ethnicity data will be collected in
accordance with OMB Federal Register notice, ``Revisions to the
Standards for the Classification of Federal Data on Race and
Ethnicity,'' (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data will be
collected in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of
1972. These items should not be submitted with the application but
should be available upon request by the Agency.
    (i) Provide a final project performance report.
    (j) Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural
Development employees.
    (k) The intermediary and recipient must comply with Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972,
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Executive Order 12250,
and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E.
    (l) The grantee must comply with policies, guidance, and
requirements as described in the following applicable Code of Federal
Regulations, and any successor regulations:
    (i) 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements For Federal Awards).
    (ii) 2 CFR parts 417 and 180 (Government-wide Debarment and
Suspension (Nonprocurement)
    (m) Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' Must be signed by
corporate applicants who receive an award under this Notice.

3. Reporting

After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be
required to provide the following, as indicated in the Grant Agreement:
    (a) SF-425, ``Federal Financial Report'' and SF-PPR, ``Performance
Progress Report'' will be required on a quarterly basis (due 30 working
days after each calendar quarter). The Performance Progress Report
shall include the elements described in the grant agreement.
    (b) Final financial and performance reports will be due 90 calendar
days after the period of performance end date.
    (c) A summary at the end of the final report with elements as
described in the grant agreement to assist in documenting the annual
performance goals of the RCDI program for Congress.

G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact

Contact the Rural Development office in the State where the
applicant's headquarters is located. A list of Rural Development State
Offices can be found via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.

H. Other Information

Survey on Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants, OMB No. 1894-
0010 (applies only to nonprofit applicants only--submission is
optional).
    No reimbursement will be made for any funds expended prior to
execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement unless the intermediary is a non-
profit or educational entity and has requested and received written
Agency approval of the costs prior to the actual expenditure.
    This exception is applicable for up to 90 days prior to grant
closing and only applies to grantees that have received written
approval but have not executed the RCDI Grant Agreement.
    The Agency cannot retroactively approve reimbursement for
expenditures prior to execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.

Program Definitions

Agency--The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor.
    Beneficiary--Entities or individuals that receive benefits from
assistance provided by the recipient.
    Capacity--The ability of a recipient to implement housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development projects.
    Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or entity has
competing personal, professional, or financial interests that make it
difficult for the person or business to act impartially. Regarding use
of both grant and matching funds, Federal procurement standards
prohibit transactions that involve a real or apparent conflict of
interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or their immediate
family members having a financial or other interest in the outcome of
the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for
services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a
real or apparent conflict of interest, including, but not limited to,
owner(s) and their immediate family members. An example of conflict of
interest occurs when the grantee's employees, board of directors, or
the immediate family of either, have the appearance of a professional
or personal financial interest in the recipients receiving the benefits
or services of the grant.
    Federally recognized tribes--Tribal entities recognized and
eligible for funding and services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs,
based on the most recent notice in the Federal Register published by
the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Tribally Designated Housing Entities are
eligible RCDI recipients.
    Financial assistance--Funds, not to exceed $10,000 per award, used
by the intermediary to purchase supplies and equipment to build the
recipient's capacity.

[[Page 27895]]

Funds--The RCDI grant and matching money.
    Intermediary--A qualified private, nonprofit (including faith-based
and community organizations and philanthropic organizations), or public
(including tribal) organization that provides financial and technical
assistance to multiple recipients.
    Low-income rural community--An authority, district, economic
development authority, regional council, or unit of government
representing an incorporated city, town, village, county, township,
parish, or borough whose income is at or below 80 percent of either the
state or national Median Household Income as measured by the 2010
Census.
    Matching funds--Cash or confirmed funding commitments. Matching
funds must be at least equal to the grant amount and committed for a
period of not less than the grant performance period.
    Recipient--The entity that receives the financial and technical
assistance from the Intermediary. The recipient must be a nonprofit
community-based housing and development organization, a low-income
rural community or a federally recognized Tribe.
    Rural and rural area--Any area other than (i) a city or town that
has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and (ii) the
urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to such city or town.
    Technical assistance--Skilled help in improving the recipient's
abilities in the areas of housing, community facilities, or community
and economic development.

Non-Discrimination Policy

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

To File a Program Complaint

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form.
    You may also write a letter containing all of the information
requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form or letter to
us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410,
by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email.
    If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Appeal Process

All adverse determinations regarding applicant eligibility and the
awarding of points as part of the selection process are appealable
pursuant to 7 CFR part 11. Instructions on the appeal process will be
provided at the time an applicant is notified of the adverse decision.
    In the event the applicant is awarded a grant that is less than the
amount requested, the applicant will be required to modify its
application to conform to the reduced amount before execution of the
grant agreement. The Agency reserves the right to reduce or withdraw
the award if acceptable modifications are not submitted by the awardee
within 15 working days from the date the request for modification is
made. Any modifications must be within the scope of the original
application.

Dated: May 11, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Rural Housing Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-11741 Filed 5-14-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Reagan's Revised Federalism Plan Sent to Congress

                           February 25, 1983, Friday

By Frank Gresock

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 24


President Reagan today sent to a seemingly disinterested Congress his $21
billion New Federalism plan to shift 34 federal grant programs to state and
local governments.

The federalism plan, first outlined more than a year ago by the President, has
undergone substantial revision. However, because it lacks strong support from
the lawmakers and the state and local officials it ostensibly would benefit, the
plan is likely to languish in Congress.

Today, in a departure from the fanfare that normally surrounds the announcement
of a major legislative initiative, the President simply told a group of 200
state and local officials attending a White House briefing on a variety of
matters that the plan had gone to Congress.

Ferd Harrison, mayor of Scotland Neck, N.C., said the officials applauded the
President and that their applause was an indication that ''they are in support''
of the plan.

However, Mr. Harrison, a past president of the National League of Cities,
questioned ''how favorable the reception will be on Capitol Hill.''

The scaled-down federalism plan now calls for four separate bills that will
create four ''megablocks.'' They would be financed for five years by federal
excise and income taxes while a presidential commission determines whether
federal tax sources can be turned over to governments as a permanent source of
financing.

The state block grants would combine 22 grant programs costing about $11 billion
for such things as social services, sewer plant construction, education, and
health and community development. It would be financed by federal alcohol,
tobacco and telephone excise taxes.

The local block grants would combine the Community Development Block Grant and
local revenue sharing for a total of about $7 billion. Federal financing would
come from the general fund.

A $2 billion transportation block would turn over to states six highway programs
covering urban and secondary highways, bridges and safety. Funding would come
from the federal gasoline tax.

A $850 million rural housing block grant, administered by the states, would
consolidate four construction and repair programs aimed at the rural poor. It
would be financed from the federal general fund.

The plan that went to Congress today is less sweeping than the $40 billion
measure involving some 33 grants proposed by the administration last summer.

That plan was opposed by governors, mayors and county officials because it
called on states to assume $16.5 billion in welfare and food stamp costs. In
return, Washington would assume the $19 billion in state and local government
Medicaid costs.

During nearly a year of negotiations on the plan, state and local officials
maintained that welfare should be a federal responsbility because its costs are
tied to the state of the national economy.

Repeated efforts to negotiate differences between the administration and
officials were unsuccessful.

The National Governors' Association and the National Association of Counties
have told the administration that they are prepared to lobby for their views in
Congress.

The administration proposal provides some flexiblity to the states and
localities because it allows them five years to take over programs under their
block grants. States, however, would have to take on all six transportation
programs at once.

The U.S. Conference of Mayors is opposed to merging revenue sharing with the
community development programs. Merging the programs, the group says, means that
governments will have to use money to cut taxes rather than clear up slum
conditions as required by community development legislation.

In a move to lessen the fears of mayors and county commissioners, the new
legislation requires that states consult local governments on the use of state
block money.

The state block contains a variety of education and social service programs
aimed at urban areas.

The White House fact sheet says that funding for the federalism plan would
remain stable through 1988 at the levels established by Congress in the 1984
budget.

Urban lobbyists and key congressional staffers say Congress will not be able to
deal with the federalism plan this year because it must spend much time on the
budget and Social Security.

To get the federalism package through the Democratic House, the President would
need the support of Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill, D-Mass.

It would be up to Mr. O'Neill to coordinate the complex jurisdictional maze the
legislation would have to clear.

It is estimated that as many as 15 House committees would be involved in
creating the block grants. Also, local officials want the $4.6 billion local
revenue sharing program kept out of federalism.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 787 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $28,800 Planning Grant to Vermillion County

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, April 01 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $28,800 planning grant to Vermillion
County to fund a water utility planning study. These federal dollars are from
the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of
Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The study will evaluate the town's current water system, including the treatment
plant, wells, lines, hydrants, valves, and meters, and make recommendations for
improvements. The system is currently in violation of environmental regulations,
has no capacity to serve additional customers, and does not connect to a back-up
water supply. The study will provide preliminary engineering as well as cost
estimates for improvements to the water infrastructure.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please Visit: http://www.state.in. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Essex Chronicle

                                 April 15, 2004

Cash boost for projects

SECTION: General; Charities/Fund Raising; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 317 words


MORE than 70 projects throughout Essex have been boosted by cash handouts,
totalling more than £54,000 during the past year, in a bid to improve local
facilities in Essex communities. The money was made available from the Rural
Community Council of Essex (RCCE) and is designed to help fund smaller projects
undertaken by voluntary sector workers. The projects benefiting from the
handouts include 15 in the Chelmsford district, ranging from the start up and
distribution of a newsletter in Galleywood, to St Andrew's Church in Sandon
buying a new water supply.  Projects in South Hanningfield, Little Baddow and at
the Helena Romanes School have also benefited over the past 12 months.

Suzanne Roast, the community development manager of the RCCE, explained that the
original sum available was £25,000, "but we had so many worthwhile applications
that we allocated that amount very quickly and decided to go back to the Rural
Renaissance Fund to tell them we could spend more.

"This is a great demonstration of the number of volunteers in the community who
are willing to support the local community," she said.

Nick Shuttleworth, RCCE director, was also quick to praise the Essex volunteers.
He said: "The fact that we got this level of response speaks volumes for the
range of initiatives and enterprise of volunteers in rural communities." The
maximum grant available is £1,000 or up to 50 per cent of the total project
cost. If you would like to find out more, ontact the RCCE on 01245 352046.

The RCCE is an independent charity which supports community projects throughout
rural Essex and acts as a voice for rural people on key issues.

CHEQUING IN: Chair of the Friends of Helena Romanes School Goranka Gudelj is
pictured with the school's head master, Mr Simon Knight, and community
development manager of the Rural Community Council of Essex, Suzanne Roast.


LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2004 Essex Chronicle


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 31, 2011 Thursday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $50,000 Planning Grant to Gibson County

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, March 31 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $50,000 planning grant to Gibson
County to fund a feasibility study to explore the potential relocation of the
White River-Hazleton Fire Station. These federal dollars are from the Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural
Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The current White River-Hazleton Fire Station is in poor condition and is
located in a flood plain. The study would assess the current community's needs
for fire protection and provide data to the county regarding potential locations
and design of a new station.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please Visit: http://www.state.in. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

'Dark days' ahead for co-ops warns leader

BYLINE: Will Chabun, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 446 words


What was intended as an international year to salute co-operatives has turned
into "dark days".

That's the opinion of Beryl Bauer, president of the Saskatchewan Co-operatives
Association, reacting to news that federal budget cuts will mean the end of
Ottawa's Cooperative Development Initiative (CDI) and a reduction in the size of
the Agriculture and Agri-Foods Canada (AAFC) branch that administered it, the
Rural and Cooperatives Secretariat.

Bauer said the CDI goes back to 2003 and has helped with the creation of
numerous co-operatives.

And Tuesday will see Bauer in Regina to ask Economic Development Minister Jeremy
Harrison about rumours that the $65,000 payment his ministry gives, under a
contract, to the SCA to pay for a co-operative development officer - a full-time
organizer of co-operatives - will be cut too.

On the federal scene, Bauer said the Canadian Co-operatives Association has been
unsuccessful so far in getting a meeting with federal agriculture minister Gerry
Ritz, though his department sent to the Leader-Post an email stating it and the
CDI "have laid the groundwork for communities to more effectively interact and
take advantage of opportunities on their own. In addition, other departments are
increasingly sensitive to the issues of rural Canadians, allowing AAFC to end
the Community Development and the Co-operatives Development Initiative programs.

"Furthermore, all government departments operate with a rural lens and will
continue to play a role in supporting rural communities. AAFC will retain a
reduced policy and research function on rural issues to reflect and meet the
needs of Canadians in rural communities."

The federal NDP said these cuts "will effectively bring an end to co-operative
innovation in rural Canada, jeopardizing jobs and economic growth."

Bauer said he's heard CDI grants that have already been approved will be paid
out; those not yet approved will languish. He added he can remember when the
provincial government itself had eight full-time co-operative organizers, but
"when they retired, they didn't get replaced."

That's odd, he added, because the provincial co-operatives association shares a
common goal with the government: "develop business and 'grow' the province."

As well, he's noticed interest from Social Services Minister June Draude in
cooperatives, particularly in meeting the province's shortage of housing.

The United Nations declared 2012 as the "International Year of Co-operatives" to
salute and encourage this economic sector, which worldwide has one billion
members and employs 100 million people - 20 per cent more than are employed by
the world's multinational corporations.

wchabun@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: L-P Files; Bauer;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $50,000 Planning Grant to Town of Ladoga

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Jan. 25 -- The State Of Indiana has issued Following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $50,000 planning grant to the Town of
Ladoga to fund a downtown revitalization planning study. These federal dollars
are from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office
of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The study will assess the downtown area and develop a plan to create a more
economically viable commercial district. The plan will give recommendations for
building facades, streetlights, sidewalks, storm drainage, and streetscape
design as well as economic and demographic trending.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 16, 2010 Thursday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $47,400 Planning Grant to Town of Fairmount

LENGTH: 261  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Dec. 16 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $47,400 planning grant to the Town of
Fairmount to fund a downtown revitalization planning study. These federal
dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's
Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The planning grant will give recommendations for improvements to downtown
buildings and facades, infrastructure such as sidewalks and street lighting,
landscaping and beautification projects, as well as address parking and
accessibility issues. The plan will also create a prioritized timeline for the
town's revitalization efforts and identify key partnerships for funding and
other resources.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 14, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

Clinton to Unveil Pared-Back Plan for Lending in Low-Income Areas

Guy Gugliotta, Jerry Knight, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A5

LENGTH: 517 words


President Clinton tomorrow will unveil a plan to channel $ 382 million in "seed
capital" to banks, credit unions and other lending institutions in low-income
neighborhoods, administration sources said yesterday.

The administration has touted its "community development banks" initiative as a
major effort to revitalize poor inner-city neighborhoods and rural areas.

But the program to be announced Thursday will be less than half the $ 1 billion
in new spending that advocates of the program had hoped for.

White House officials said the program will keep the president's campaign
promise to provide funds for 100 lending institutions in low-income communities.

Originally, that promise was interpreted to mean creation of a network of
federally chartered banks to make loans in depressed rural and urban communities
where few conventional banks are willing to take the risk of lending.

Administration officials decided that with little money in the budget for a new
program, they could get the project off the ground more quickly by routing funds
into the struggling banks and nonprofit lending institutions that exist in many
low-income neighborhoods across the country.

"It's a good start, but if it's not connected to a larger effort to leverage
private capital, it will only be a pilot program," said Martin Trimble,
executive director of the National Association of Community Development Loan
Funds, a collection of about 40 nonprofit lenders who plan to participate in the
program. Other program participants are expected to include the handful of
existing community development banks -- conventional banks that target
low-income neighborhoods -- plus about 150 specialized credit unions.

The White House plan calls for those institutions to compete for the limited
amount of federal funds, based on their plans for using the money, and to come
up with $ 1 of their own cash to match each dollar in federal grants.

The federal infusion will be limited to $ 5 million apiece for banks and credit
unions and $ 2 million apiece for other kinds of lenders, one senior
administration official said.

For the fiscal year beginning in October, $ 60 million will be available under
the proposal to be unveiled tomorrow at a White House ceremony.

Only banks and credit unions specially chartered to serve low-income communities
will be allowed to get funds from the new Community Development Bank Fund,
freezing out conventional banks that had originally been included in the Clinton
plan.

Despite objections from industry lobbyists, the regular banks and S&Ls were cut
from the program because administration officials said they could not justify
offering federal funds to them at a time when the banking industry was making
record profits.

Trimble said the existing community development lenders make loans for both
housing and small business in inner-city neighborhoods and poor rural areas.
Typical borrowers, he said, include a mechanic who started a truck repair shop
that now has 10 employees and an unemployed couple who were able to set up a day
care center in their home.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 25, 2012

Bordering the Unreal

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4 Vol. 36 No. 39

LENGTH: 403  words


A multi-agency effort targeting some of the worst housing in the country is a
welcome move, but only a start.

The key component of the effort by the Departments of Housing and Urban
Development, Agriculture and Treasury is a grant of up to $200,000 apiece to
focus on affordable housing and small business initiatives. A NOFA (notice of
funding availability) will be posted sometime this summer. The total amount of
money available from this program won't be known until then.

Groups eligible for the money include community development lenders and
investors.

Housing in the "colonias" areas of the United States border with Mexico (in the
states of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California) has to be seen to be
believed. It is far worse than housing in urban ghetto areas and even worse than
that on many American Indian reservations.

The colonias tend to be in rural areas or in exurban rings near big cities, like
El Paso. They are far too easy to overlook, and often need a crisis, like them
contaminating a nearby city's water supply, before attention is paid.

What colonias are illegal developments, often without water or sewage hookups,
divided into lots by unscrupulous developers. The largely Hispanic residents of
the colonias, mostly American citizens, bring with them the Mexican cultural
propensity to buy land.

The loans aren't really mortgages, as even one missed payment will trigger a
default. Often, the family will spend all its available capital on the lot and
have little or no money left for the house. So the houses tend to be ramshackle
affairs using leftover construction materials, tarpaper and wood from loading
skids.

Add to the misery of these awful houses the health menace of bad water and sewer
systems and the colonias become potent breeding grounds for diseases not common
any more in industrialized societies. Instances of bubonic plague, for instance,
have been found in colonias.

Mortgage finance would be a net plus in these areas, but many if not most are
not ready for it. What's really needed is infrastructure and construction money.
The $200,000 maximum grants will be made by HUD. Treasury's CDFI Fund (community
development financial institutions) will provide technical assistance, webinars
and training. Agriculture's Rural Development agency plans to support
agricultural production in these areas.

It's time to revamp these horrible places that have no real place in America.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

MoU to improve quality of life in Arunachal

LENGTH: 584 words

DATELINE: ITANAGAR


ITANAGAR, Aug. 8 -- The Tata Trusts has signed a Memorandum of Understanding
(MoU) with the Government of Arunachal Pradesh (GoAP) to work towardssustainable
development and improvement of the overall quality of life in the state. Tata
Trusts' associate organisation,the North East Initiative Development Agency
(NEIDA) will implement this programme with an aim to benefit 6,000 households
located in Papum Pare and Lower Subansiri districts.

NEIDA, in co-ordination with the GoAP, collaborates to reduce poverty for low
income rural households in the state. The MoU, signed by Ramesh Negi, Chief
Secretary, GoAP and Burzis S Taraporevala of Tata Trusts, is effective for a
period of five years. While the total outlay of the programme is Rs 14 crore,
Tata Trusts will contribute grants of Rs 6 crore. The remaining funds will be
raised from various sources, including the community in the district.

Tata Trusts will focus on reducing poverty for low income rural households in
the state through enhancing pig rearing management practices; increasing
productivity of rice, maize and horticulture crop (orange) through adoption of
improved cultivation practices and scientific management of orange orchards; and
enhancing forest-based livelihoods and conservation initiatives,thereby enabling
each household to earn an income of Rs 1.5 lakh per annum. Other pilot projects
that are in the pipeline will focus on education, drinking water and sanitation
to improve the overall quality of life of the households in Arunachal Pradesh.
BSTaraporevala, secretary and chief accountant, Tata Trusts said, 'Tata Trusts
has invested Rs 1.43 crore in the state till March 2015 in the sectors of
agriculture, natural resource management, etc. There is a demand for such
development initiatives and the community is keen on contributing and taking
ownership of the project for their betterment.'

Tata Trusts will design the implementation strategy and ensure overall
governance of the initiative, including financial due diligence. The GoAP will
synchronize actions of concerned Government departments and agencies for
successful execution of project objectives. GoAP is expected to co-finance the
programme through its schemes such as NRLM, MGNREGA and key development
projects.

Speaking on the occasion, Ramesh Negi, Chief Secretary, Government of Arunachal
Pradesh said, 'A State Level Steering Committee (SLSC) would be constituted to
review the progress of the programme and provide direction for future course of
action. Tata Trusts and SLSC will jointly review the progress and shall meet on
an annual basis under the Chairmanship of the Chief Secretary, GoAP. District
Level Coordination Committees comprising representatives from the GoAP, Tata
Trusts and NEIDA will also be formed to monitor the developments. These
committees will be under the Chairmanship of the concerned Deputy Commissioner',
Negi added.

Tata Trusts are amongst India's oldest, non-sectarian philanthropic
organizations that work in several areas of community development. Tata Trusts
seek to be catalysts in development through giving grants to institutions in the
areas of Natural Resources Management, Rural Livelihoods, Urban Livelihoods and
Poverty, Education, Enhancing Civil Society and Governance, Health and Media
Arts, Crafts and Culture.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            July 28, 2010 Wednesday

Lt. Governor Skillman Awards Greens Fork with a $30,000 Planning Grant

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, July 28 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following Press Release:

Lieutenant Governor Becky Skillman has awarded the Town of Greens Fork with a
$30,000 planning grant the town will use to fund a wastewater utility planning
study. These federal dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA)
administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The grant will fund a study to evaluate the town's current wastewater
infrastructure and treatment plant in order to identify mechanical and
maintenance issues. The system is experiencing freezing controls and inadequate
electrical service. The completed study will outline alternatives to resolve the
issues that are plaguing the system with the goal of providing improved utility
service to residents.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards Austin with a $29,000 Planning Grant

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: State House


State House, May 13 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lieutenant Governor Becky Skillman has awarded the City of Austin with a $29,000
planning grant the city will use to fund a storm drainage planning study. These
federal dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program.
Indiana's Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The storm drainage plan will assess Austin's dated storm water drainage
infrastructure and give recommendations for needed updates. The plan will
document and evaluate the town's current drainage patterns and provide
preliminary design data with cost estimates to upgrade the town's drainage
system.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.com Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Thomasville Times-Enterprise (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2008 Friday

Co-Op kicks off Initiative

BYLINE: Teresa Williams, Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


Aug. 22--THOMASVILLE -- The kick-off for a state-wide expansion of the
Communities of Opportunity -- Co-Op -- Initiative took place in Thomasville
Thursday.

Georgia Department of Community Affairs (DCA) and the Georgia Rural Development
Council (GRDC) representatives announced plans to roll out the initiative,
starting in Service Delivery Region 10 -- which includes Thomasville -- at the
municipal auditorium. The kick-off, hosted by City of Thomasville, was the first
stop in the marketing tour for the program.

"This initiative will help you as a local community be what you want to be,"
Mike Beatty, DCA commissioner, said. "It is a bottom-up, locally-driven approach
of where you see yourselves over the next 10 years. The reality is we have a lot
of work to do."

Beatty said, of Georgia's 159 counties, 91 are considered "persistent poverty
counties."

"We've got to change what we've been doing, change our strategy," he said. "This
is an interagency type of initiative: we really work with you all to bring
together a community."

DCA's Jim Finch told kick-off participants it would "behoove all of you to take
a hard look at this program and see if it will help you."

Beatty urged local government officials to participate in the initiative.

"This is about empowerment of people in your communities," he said. "I challenge
all of you to be involved. It's not about money -- that will be there as long as
you all get together -- but about local solutions to global problems."

Co-Op is a collaborative, locally-driven community development strategy that
came about after University of Georgia's Fanning Institute and GRDC discussed a
2003 rural communities study by the school's Carl Vinson Institute of
Government. Agencies worked with DCA to develop a framework for the effort.

Gov. Sonny Perdue signed an executive order in March 2007 launching the state's
Co-Op and charged DCA to work with GRDC, private and public partners and local
communities to administer it.

A pilot program involving 12 East Georgia counties was launched summer 2007.
Participation remains at 100 percent and communities have completed their
strategy plans.

Participation is voluntary and communities that decide to take part will undergo
an assessment, and then local follow-up discussions will take place to determine
focus areas. Participants will have access to a variety of benefits including
program grants (up to $5,000), access to reduced loan rates and two years of
customized technical assistance to achieve key initiatives.

Following the kick-off was a "meeting of interest" where Patrice Williams,
program coordinator, and Leigh Askew of Fanning Institute answered questions and
gave a presentation on how the initiative would work locally. Representatives
from the city, county, school systems and other local agencies were in
attendance.

"This program is about the economic vitality of rural Georgia," Williams said.

Askew, who worked with the pilot program, gave a presentation of statistical
data on Thomas County's population, wages and growth and how it compares with
its region and state.

"We are focusing on building growing, healthy, safe and educated communities,"
she said. "One size does not fit all; you have to be proactive instead of
reactive."

Then, Askew took goals from the county's comprehensive plan and meeting
participants discussed what type of goals these were and how to achieve them.

"It can't be just city and county governments," Roy Campbell, vice-chairman of
GRDC and Thomasville City Council member, said. "All citizens need to be
involved in some form or fashion."

Williams gave Thomas County Commissioner Elaine Mays the participation form and
stipulated Thomasville-Thomas County's involvement would need to be determined
by the Sept. 29 deadline.

"I think this was very informative and it gives us some ideas for pulling
together," Mays said after the meeting. "The city, county -- anybody that was
here today needs to be involved in what we're going to do and how we're going to
do it. I'll take this to the board and see what its interest is; I have no doubt
we will participate in some way. I feel it is something we need to take a look
at."

To see more of the Thomasville Times-Enterprise or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.timesenterprise.com/. Copyright (c) 2008,
Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080822-TZ-Co-Op-kicks-off-Initiative-0822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TZ


                                 Copyright 2008


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Eau Claire kicked out of business fund

BYLINE: Andrew Dowd, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


March 03--Eau Claire businesses no longer have access to the Regional Business
Fund, which has provided more than $1.5 million in loans to companies in the
city in the past eight years.

The state Department of Administration notified fund staff last year that a new
federal program designed to aid rural areas would mean that Eau Claire could no
longer take part in the nonprofit fund that serves west-central Wisconsin
businesses.

That new program prohibits entitlement cities such as Eau Claire from any access
to federal Community Development Block Grant money awarded to nonentitlement
communities, including rural areas that are part of the Regional Business Fund,
according to a letter written by Tobi LeMahieu, fund manager.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development approved the Rural Economic and
Area Development Initiative in late fall, which harkened the end of Eau Claire's
ability to use the local fund.

As of Wednesday, city businesses could no longer apply for loans from the
Regional Business Fund.

"Please know that we will continue to monitor the situation and will be in touch
should any policies change that might allow the city to rejoin the RBF loan pool
in the future," LeMahieu wrote.

The Regional Business Fund's board of directors voted on Feb. 9 to return the
city's $350,000 payment it contributed to join the fund in 2009.

Mike Schatz, Eau Claire's economic development administrator, said the city may
use that money to create business façade loan and microloan programs similar to
what the regional fund has.

"We're trying to address it and come up with a way of meeting the financial
needs of the community," he said.

The City Council does have control over how the returned money is spent, Schatz
noted, and it could decide to allocate it toward other city programs.

The regional fund's board also decided that the Eau Claire Area Economic
Development Corp., which contributed $150,000 to the fund in 2010 to support the
city's inclusion in it, can seek a refund or decide to keep it in the fund.

Regional Business Fund programs provide gap financing to help starting and
growing businesses when they need loans in addition to what they can obtain
through private lenders.

___ (c)2017 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170303-EW-Eau-Claire-kicked-out-of-business-fund-0303-20170303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2017 The Leader-Telegram


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $46,620 Planning Grant to City of
Greencastle

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Jan. 25 -- The State Of Indiana has issued Following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $46,620 planning grant to the City of
Greencastle to fund a downtown facade planning study. These federal dollars are
from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of
Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The planning grant will give recommendations for improvements to the facades of
several buildings in the city's historic downtown district. Preliminary design
and renderings will be created for buildings assessed by the study. The plan
will help the city pursue its goal to revive the downtown area while preserving
the city's historic character.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $40,000 Planning Grant to the
City of Mitchell

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Community & Rural Affairs, The State of Indiana has issued the
following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $40,000 planning grant to the city of
Mitchell for a comprehensive plan through the state's Office of Community and
Rural Affairs.

"Planning grants are an important first step as communities consider the best
way to attract new businesses and strengthen their town," said Lt. Governor
Ellspermann.  "We are pleased to support the grant request from the city of
Mitchell as community leaders and residents explore ways to improve their
community."

The planning grant for the city of Mitchell will be used to assess current
trends and make future projections.  It will also help Mitchell develop a core
vision by establishing goals, policies, and objectives for future growth, land
use, and supporting infrastructure.

The majority of the funding comes from the federal Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program, which has proven to be an effective tool for
community-based planning and research initiatives. Mitchell provided a local
match of $8,200.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                           Clear Innovation Partners

                             Nine Norton Farm Road
                              Freeport,  ME 04032
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.clearinnovationpartners.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Clear Innovation Partners (Clear) was formed in 2008 to provide innovation
and entrepreneurship acceleration services that support emerging and established
companies, academic and research institutions and economic development
organizations in rural and urban economies. Michael Gurau is Clear's Founder and
President and brings twenty seven years of innovation, entrepreneurship and
investment business experience including: nearly twenty years of early,
development and late stage venture capital investment experience, the past
eleven of which in an economic and community development context that includes
management of a federal venture capital equity and grant program; fifteen years
of early stage and new venture creation experience, eleven of which-as noted--as
an early stage venture capitalist and four of which as a manager of two startup
ventures. Since 2001, Michael has led CEI Community Ventures (CCV), one of only
six SBA New Markets Venture Capital (NMVC) companies in the US licensed to
deploy $10M of early stage capital and $3M of operational assistance grant funds
to innovative ventures in rural and urban markets in northern New England. A
sister program to the New Markets Tax Credit initiative run by Treasury, the
NMVC program was a Clinton administration initiative designed to drive high
impact, early stage equity and grant capital into under-served and distressed
communities. CCV is a for-profit subsidiary of Coastal Enterprises Inc (CEI), a
leading community develop

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 19, 2010 Saturday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards Oakland City with a $30,000 Planning Grant

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, June 19 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded the City of Oakland City with a $30,000
planning grant the city will use to fund a park and recreation master planning
study. These federal dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA)
administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The grant will fund a five-year master park planning study which will be created
in compliance with the Department of Natural Resources' standards. The study
will assess the park system's physical facilities as well as current recreation,
arts, community events, sports and fitness offerings, and make recommendations
to better serve community needs in the coming years.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Christina Clark
Phone: 202.401.5399
Email: Christina.Clark@ACF.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $2,800,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 6

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Oklahoma: Rural economic development program seeking applications

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma city


Division of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources, The state of Oklahoma
has issued the following news release:

Communities interested in boosting their regional economic development prospects
should apply now for the Stronger Economies Together program.

A national initiative designed to potentially have a big impact on the state,
SET helps rural communities partner together to enhance regional economic
development opportunities. The program is offered through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development and Regional Rural Development Centers.

"SET helps communities think beyond their city and county borders to build
important relationships and identify key resources that can successfully drive
regional projects," said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University Cooperative
Extension community development specialist.

This is the third time Oklahoma has participated in the SET program. Currently,
18 counties in the state are actively involved in the initiative.

The 7-month program includes six coaching sessions covering an overview of the
region, team building exercises and a study of the region's economic climate and
potential resources.

Participating regions also will create a strategic plan that can be put into
action immediately, as well as have access to 40 hours of technical assistance
from the SET coaching team, including professionals from state and federal
agencies, OSU, Extension and other public and private organizations.

"Community leaders understand no project is successful without a plan. SET uses
the expertise of the USDA and Extension to help communities to gather the
necessary knowledge, skills and resources to build a solid plan and put it into
action," said Kathleen James, Oklahoma community and economic development
coordinator for USDA Rural Development. As an added benefit to participating in
SET, communities that complete the program tend to be in a good position to earn
grants and other types of support for needs they have identified.

"Part of the goal of the program is to create meaningful relationships across
communities, counties and organizations that have the potential to help regions
flourish economically," Shideler said. "Ultimately, that kind of growth is not
just good for the region, it's good for all of Oklahoma."Oklahoma State
University, U.S. Department of Agriculture, State and Local Governments
Cooperating: The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service offers its programs to
all eligible persons regardless of race, color, national origin, religion,
gender, age, disability, or status as a veteran, and is an equal opportunity
employer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  May 12, 1999

Action at risk;
A scheme that has already helped nearly 5,000 local initiatives is on hold
pending a review by the Countryside Agency. Kim Chalet reports

BYLINE: Kim Chalet

SECTION: The Guardian Society Page; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 862 words


Late last year a group of village residents gathered in a Somerset church to
toast the launch of a new wall hanging. The community textile, or Henstridge
Fresco as it became known, was devised and created by local people and was
partially financed by a grant from Rural Action, the scheme which promoted
grassroots environmental or community initiatives. There have been 4,800
successful schemes nationwide since it began in 1993, including pond clearing,
nature trails, traffic surveys, hedge laying, dry stone walling and wildflower
audits.

Six months on, no one knows whether the unveiling in Henstridge was the final
curtain for Rural Action.

In November last year, Rural Action - managed by Action for Communities in Rural
England (Acre) - told its network administrators to halt all works, including
grant giving and interest generating. Rural Action had been hoping to renew its
funding, ceasing in April 1999, from the Countryside Commission, English Nature
and the Rural Development Commission.

But its renewal coincided with the formation of the new Countryside Agency, and
the merger of two former sponsors. The small sum of pounds 210,000 has been
found to keep all the county networks intact, but the grant giving scheme has
been put on hold. Ominously, five of the scheme's organisers at its Cirencester
head office have been made redundant. In the coming months, the Countryside
Agency will have to address Rural Action's future.

The halt in grants posed problems for the scheme's county administrators. Many
had projects under discussion, others were halfway through to completion - Rural
Action has often encouraged environmental groups to work in phases.

Wendy Bullar, Derbyshire's network administrator, says that on her books she has
11 projects which have been approved but which cannot now be funded.

Nick Woolfenden, Rural Action administrator for Sussex, says: 'We work by small
groups of people taking a project to a local contact, an expert who will
champion their cause, give them advice and direction and help them apply to the
network for a grant. Typically, the grant needs are small - perhaps pounds 100
or so. The scheme's accessibility was its strength. Now there is a huge gap to
be filled.

'In the last year, we have sent out grant application forms to 100 groups. These
small groups of people spend time forming, organising, drawing up plans and
having meetings before filling in the grant form. Enthusiasm will be dampened,
with the ideas for these environmental improvements falling away.'
Administrators like Nick Woolfenden, and Sarah Taragon in Devon, are sending
their applicants lists of other sources of funds. Taragon sends out addresses of
30 other sources of possible funding, but says: 'Not all are appropriate and
most are national, so groups lose that local contact.' One of the many Rural
Action success stories has been the Carhampton Community Orchard, on the fringes
of Exmoor. The orchard, in the process of being re-stocked, managed and enjoyed
by the villagers, is ending the first year of a 10-year management plan, part of
a 25-year project to preserve it for generations to come.

The next phase of the Carhampton plan was to label all the new trees and
undertake an orchard education programme. But the group's pounds 1,200
application to Rural Action fell foul of the centrally imposed, and largely
unannounced, grant deadline. 'I'm not grumbling,' says Keith Jones, the
project's secretary. 'We've now got to start to look for other sources of
funding, but in small communities like ours - where the church is also appealing
for pounds 160,000 - it is difficult. That is why Rural Action has been so
invaluable.' Rural Action's business plan for its future development has been
deemed unacceptable. A meeting of the steering group of the funding partnership
concluded that the plan relied too heavily on exchequer funding and that a
broader range of financial support was needed. Acre has now made an appeal for
National Lotteries Board funding.

The old Countryside Commission, now part of the new Countryside Agency,
announced that a decision on the future of Rural Action would have to wait until
the new Countryside Agency Board is in place.

Helen Thomson, the agency's new head of community development, says that the
temporary halt to Rural Action's work was not unexpected. 'We had invited Acre
to look for alternative funding, from a variety of sources,' she says. 'There
are funds from the Countryside Agency and English Nature to maintain the
networks while we carry out a review to research and evaluate Rural Action's
work.' As the new Countryside Agency makes its first decisions, it is debatable
whether one of Rural Action's quieter strengths - the ability to listen to the
needs of rural communities - will be given prominence. Its supporters fear that
a new scheme may take a more top down approach. As one former employee of Rural
Action says: 'After seven years we knew how to encourage and support the schemes
people in rural communities had in mind. Now the suspicion is that public
participation will be encouraged along prescribed lines.'


LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  May 12, 1999

Action at risk;
A scheme that has already helped nearly 5,000 local initiatives is on hold
pending a review by the Countryside Agency. Kim Chalet reports

BYLINE: Kim Chalet

SECTION: The Guardian Society Page; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 862 words


Late last year a group of village residents gathered in a Somerset church to
toast the launch of a new wall hanging. The community textile, or Henstridge
Fresco as it became known, was devised and created by local people and was
partially financed by a grant from Rural Action, the scheme which promoted
grassroots environmental or community initiatives. There have been 4,800
successful schemes nationwide since it began in 1993, including pond clearing,
nature trails, traffic surveys, hedge laying, dry stone walling and wildflower
audits.

Six months on, no one knows whether the unveiling in Henstridge was the final
curtain for Rural Action.

In November last year, Rural Action - managed by Action for Communities in Rural
England (Acre) - told its network administrators to halt all works, including
grant giving and interest generating. Rural Action had been hoping to renew its
funding, ceasing in April 1999, from the Countryside Commission, English Nature
and the Rural Development Commission.

But its renewal coincided with the formation of the new Countryside Agency, and
the merger of two former sponsors. The small sum of pounds 210,000 has been
found to keep all the county networks intact, but the grant giving scheme has
been put on hold. Ominously, five of the scheme's organisers at its Cirencester
head office have been made redundant. In the coming months, the Countryside
Agency will have to address Rural Action's future.

The halt in grants posed problems for the scheme's county administrators. Many
had projects under discussion, others were halfway through to completion - Rural
Action has often encouraged environmental groups to work in phases.

Wendy Bullar, Derbyshire's network administrator, says that on her books she has
11 projects which have been approved but which cannot now be funded.

Nick Woolfenden, Rural Action administrator for Sussex, says: 'We work by small
groups of people taking a project to a local contact, an expert who will
champion their cause, give them advice and direction and help them apply to the
network for a grant. Typically, the grant needs are small - perhaps pounds 100
or so. The scheme's accessibility was its strength. Now there is a huge gap to
be filled.

'In the last year, we have sent out grant application forms to 100 groups. These
small groups of people spend time forming, organising, drawing up plans and
having meetings before filling in the grant form. Enthusiasm will be dampened,
with the ideas for these environmental improvements falling away.'
Administrators like Nick Woolfenden, and Sarah Taragon in Devon, are sending
their applicants lists of other sources of funds. Taragon sends out addresses of
30 other sources of possible funding, but says: 'Not all are appropriate and
most are national, so groups lose that local contact.' One of the many Rural
Action success stories has been the Carhampton Community Orchard, on the fringes
of Exmoor. The orchard, in the process of being re-stocked, managed and enjoyed
by the villagers, is ending the first year of a 10-year management plan, part of
a 25-year project to preserve it for generations to come.

The next phase of the Carhampton plan was to label all the new trees and
undertake an orchard education programme. But the group's pounds 1,200
application to Rural Action fell foul of the centrally imposed, and largely
unannounced, grant deadline. 'I'm not grumbling,' says Keith Jones, the
project's secretary. 'We've now got to start to look for other sources of
funding, but in small communities like ours - where the church is also appealing
for pounds 160,000 - it is difficult. That is why Rural Action has been so
invaluable.' Rural Action's business plan for its future development has been
deemed unacceptable. A meeting of the steering group of the funding partnership
concluded that the plan relied too heavily on exchequer funding and that a
broader range of financial support was needed. Acre has now made an appeal for
National Lotteries Board funding.

The old Countryside Commission, now part of the new Countryside Agency,
announced that a decision on the future of Rural Action would have to wait until
the new Countryside Agency Board is in place.

Helen Thomson, the agency's new head of community development, says that the
temporary halt to Rural Action's work was not unexpected. 'We had invited Acre
to look for alternative funding, from a variety of sources,' she says. 'There
are funds from the Countryside Agency and English Nature to maintain the
networks while we carry out a review to research and evaluate Rural Action's
work.' As the new Countryside Agency makes its first decisions, it is debatable
whether one of Rural Action's quieter strengths - the ability to listen to the
needs of rural communities - will be given prominence. Its supporters fear that
a new scheme may take a more top down approach. As one former employee of Rural
Action says: 'After seven years we knew how to encourage and support the schemes
people in rural communities had in mind. Now the suspicion is that public
participation will be encouraged along prescribed lines.'


LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $30,000 Planning Grant to Town of Dale

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, March 26 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $30,000 planning grant to the Town of
Dale to fund a water utility planning study. These federal dollars are from the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community
and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The study will evaluate the town's current water system, including the supply,
storage tank and distribution system, and make recommendations for improvements.
The aging system, which was constructed in the late 1940's and early 1950's, is
in poor repair and contains asbestos. The study will provide preliminary
engineering as well as cost estimates for improvements to the water
infrastructure.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please Visit: www.state.in. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $39,600 Planning Grant to Town of Boswell

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, April 01 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $39,600 planning grant to the Town of
Boswell to fund a water and wastewater utility planning study. These federal
dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's
Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The study will evaluate the town's current water utilities, including the
wastewater treatment plant and water distribution system. The system is
currently in violation of environmental regulations and is in poor repair. The
study will provide preliminary engineering as well as cost estimates for
improvements to the water infrastructure.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please Visit: http://www.state.in. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 July 24, 2004

Milestone 100 projects for crofting development scheme

BYLINE: Ian Forsyth

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 518 words


The Crofters Commission said yesterday that the Crofting Communities Development
Scheme (CCDS) had reached the milestone of supporting 100 community plans
throughout the crofting counties.  CCDS is part of the Highlands and Islands
Special Transitional Programme, and is jointly funded by the Government through
Scottish Executive Environment and Rural Affairs Department, and the European
Commission.

Earlier this year it was announced that the CCDS had been awarded an additional
allocation of funding of around £500,000 due to its strong performance in the
first three years.

Scheme manager Arthur MacDonald said: "Interest in the scheme has increased
steadily since it opened in 2001, particularly in the Western Isles where we
have two development assistants.

"In view of the success of the scheme in these areas and the extra funding
awarded this year, we are pleased to be able to support two additional
development assistants.

"One will operate in Skye, Lochalsh and Wester Ross, the other in Shetland.

"The high numbers of crofters in these areas will benefit from improved
promotion of the CCDS and help in formulating local eligible plans." The scheme
is designed to help crofting communities identify, prioritise and implement a
range of development plans to improve social fabric and economic structure.

Groups also bring into play sustainable economic and environmental principles to
create more vibrant and active communities.

The total investment in crofting achieved through the 100 approved plans is over
£9.4million.  This includes over £2.1million invested by the communities
themselves, and over £7.3million from 50 public sector grant sources.

The 100 approved plans comprise 330 separate projects covering the entire
spectrum of community developments ranging from traditional agricultural
operations such as fank improvements and the installation of stock grids, social
projects including community centres and play areas, to economic diversification
initiatives such as tourist facilities, cafes and commercial offices.

An example of a community initiative supported through the scheme is the
Broadford Environmental Development Group based in Skye.

Its community plan takes in six objectives and demonstrates a wide spread of
environmental, heritage and diversification projects.

Included in the plan are the appoint- ment of a village development officer, the
building of a millennium bridge and the creation of a community garden.

Chairman of the Crofters Commission David Green said: "It is extremely
encouraging to see that the CCDS has successfully supported 100 crofting
communities with their development plans.

"This is proof of the commitment and pride people feel towards their
communities.

"There is also real evidence that there is no shortage of the practical skills
required to not only have vision, but to be able to turn that vision into a
robust plan for the future that meets economic, environmental and
socially-sustainable criteria.

"Well done to Arthur MacDonald and his team for all their hard work."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2004 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

Wisconsin: Governor Walker Highlights Success at Northern Wisconsin Economic
Development Summit

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: New York



 Madison: Office of the Governor Scott Walker, The state of Wisconsin has issued
the following news release:



 Governor Scott Walker joined members of his cabinet today at the annual
Northern Economic Development Summit, held in Minocqua. In addition to
highlighting the economic success in northern Wisconsin, Governor Walker also
announced a $10 million investment in rural economic development through the
Rural Economic and Area Development Initiative, or READI.





 "Northern Wisconsin plays a crucial role in the economic success of our state
and is home to many of our key industries, including tourism, forestry, and
manufacturing," Governor Walker said. "The READI grants we're announcing today
work to ensure the continued success of these industries and others businesses
in rural areas of our state. This innovative approach encourages new business
growth and job creation, trains workers and provides access to housing, which
lays the foundation for sustainable, long-term growth in rural Wisconsin
communities."



 READI is a comprehensive category of Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funds administered by the Department of Administration's Division of Energy,
Housing, and Community Resources. The program will use $10 million of
unallocated CDBG funds to assist rural communities with economic development,
workforce housing, and workforce training. Funds are made available through an
application process to Units of General Local Governments (UGLGs).



 The comprehensive grants include up to $500,000 for proposals to create or
expand a business resulting in the creation of low- and moderate-income jobs;
workforce housing loans of up to $300,000 for proposals to attract new workers
to rural areas by rehabilitating or creating workforce housing near the economic
development project; and workforce training grants of up to $200,000 to train
new workers at the proposed economic development project.



 Governor Walker's cabinet is also participating in 61 events throughout
northern Wisconsin in Iron, Price, Taylor, Vilas, Oneida, Lincoln, Marathon,
Florence, Forest, Langlade, Shawano, Marinette, Oconto, and Menominee counties.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards LaGrange with a $45,000 Planning Grant

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, June 03 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Skillman Awards LaGrange with a $45,000 Planning Grant

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded LaGrange with a $45,000 planning grant
the town will use to fund a water infrastructure planning study. These federal
dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's
Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The town's current water infrastructure is dated and in poor condition. The plan
will identify existing drinking, waste, and storm water system components and
give recommendations for improvements to better serve residents. It will also
provide preliminary design information the town can use to implement the plan's
recommendations.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Borden Springs firefighters need help expanding after acquiring emergency
vehicle

BYLINE: Laura Camper, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 490 words


Dec. 10--Borden Springs firefighters won two federal grants from the Rural
Community Development and Initiative Grant program this year to buy a utility
task vehicle and trailer to haul it.

But the department now needs a little more help from the county to safely and
conveniently store the UTV.

"It's in our fire department right now," said Richard McCain, assistant chief of
the Borden Springs Volunteer Fire Department. "But to get to it you've got to
move a lot of stuff out of the way."

McCain said the department was awarded $6,000 in June and another $7,000 in
October and had to come up with a $1,000 match to purchase the side by side.

The UTV will help firefighters search for and rescue lost or injured people on
the miles of the Pinhoti and Chief Ladiga trails that wind through the
department's coverage area as well as several thousand acres of land with no
road access, McCain said.

"What we've done in the past, many times, is I'd load my personal four-wheeler
up at home and haul it up there," he said.

But his four-wheeler doesn't have the space to haul a lot of equipment or an
injured person, McCain added. The new side-by-side has the space to carry an
injured person on a litter along with a medical technician to tend to the
patient on the trip, he said.

The firefighters want to add a shed onto the department that would allow them to
park a truck and just drive the UTV onto the attached trailer. But to do that,
they've also got to widen the driveway to the shed. They approached the county
engineer about adding some drainage pipe to allow the expansion.

County Engineer Lee Estes said he was unsure whether the county was allowed to
do the work since it was on private property. He contacted the Alabama Attorney
General's office for guidance.

In most cases, the county will do the installation, but the property owner has
to purchase the pipe, which in this case would cost about $300, Estes said. The
volunteer fire department would be able to purchase the pipe but would then have
to put off doing the construction on the shed, McCain said.

Estes said the project would be a quick one for the road department.

"We're talking an hour's worth of work," Estes said. "It'll take us longer to
drive out there than it will to lay it in the ditch."

Estes said the opinion he received stated the county could do the work and not
charge the department for the pipe, because "a volunteer fire department is
considered a quasi-government agency," Estes said. To proceed, though, he has to
have authorization from the Cleburne County Commission, Estes said.

Commission Chairman Ryan Robertson said the proposed pipe-laying will be on the
commission's meeting agenda for discussion Monday.

Staff writer Laura Camper: 256-235-3545 or, in Heflin, 256-463-2872. On Twitter
@LCamper_Star.

___ (c)2016 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161210-AO-Borden-Springs-firefighters-need-help-expanding-after-acquiring-emer
gency-vehicle-1210-20161210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2016 The Anniston Star


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

The Progress Fund celebrates record year of lending

BYLINE: The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


Feb. 06--During its most successful year yet, The Progress Fund loaned more than
$5 million to 25 area small businesses, and is positioned to surpass this record
in 2012. The Progress Fund was recognized with significant awards in 2011
including:

-- $2 million awarded from the PA Department of Community and Economic
Development with funds provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's State
Small Business Credit Initiative to promote small business job creation in
Pennsylvania.

-- $2.75 million from Wachovia Wells Fargo NEXT Awards for Opportunity Finance,
to expand its Trail Town Program, strengthen local economies and stimulate job
growth in disadvantaged communities.

-- $1.052 million from the Small Business Lending Fund, to provide loan capital
to small businesses in rural areas of southwestern Pennsylvania.

-- $1.5 million from the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund for
financial institutions in Pennsylvania to provide capital to small businesses
and create jobs across the state.

-- A $100,000 grant and $500,000 loan from the USDA Rural Development's Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program to provide technical assistance and
training to rural microentrepreneurs and small businesses and to help create or
save over 22 jobs.

-- A $62,963 capital grant from the Create Jobs for USA Fund, collaboration
between Starbucks and Opportunity Finance Network. The money will help The
Progress Fund create and sustain jobs in southwestern Pennsylvania as part of a
national campaign to support community businesses in underserved communities.

The Progress Fund was one of the first six organizations selected from across
the nation to be approved for participation in the Community Advantage Pilot
Loan Program which will increase SBA-backed loans to small businesses in
underserved communities.

The Progress Fund looks forward to using recently received funding to make more
small business loans in 2012 and having an even stronger impact on small
businesses and job creation in the region.

The Progress Fund is a vigorous nonprofit loan fund that creates jobs and
improves communities by providing entrepreneurial coaching and capital to small
businesses in the travel & tourism industry. The fund serves 40 counties in
Pennsylvania, Appalachian Ohio and West Virginia.

The fund was founded in 1997, and has made 378 loans totaling more than $41.48
million to 227 enterprises, creating or preserving more than 2,618 jobs.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Courier (Connellsville, Pa.) Visit The Daily Courier
(Connellsville, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120206-DC-The-Progress-Fund-celebrates-record-year-of-lending-0206-20120206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2012 The Daily Courier


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                             July 09, 2015 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Work projects must address training;
CWP provides incomes and upgrades localities, but it should also involve
training and empowerment

BYLINE:   Mondli Zondo

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 601 words


LAST week, I visited my family in Nyanyadu in rural Endumeni Municipality,
KwaZulu-Natal, and discovered my stepmother is involved in the Community Work
Programme (CWP).

Aimed at tackling poverty and unemployment, the programme provides an employment
safety net by giving participants regular work - typically two days a week -
providing a predictable income stream.

The work of the CWP involves doing anything from cleaning up public spaces to
planting seedlings, maintaining community gardens and parks, fencing schools,
desk refurbishments and the like.

The province has spent more than R200 million on CWPs and they are apparently
reaching more than 30 000 people.

But I am not convinced we have challenged ourselves enough to maximise impact.

Most participants have no formal education and use the stipend they receive to
supplement other grants they receive from government.

They would value opportunities to advance themselves so they can move from being
dependent on the state to being self-sufficient and contributing to the formal
economy.

With Women's Month approaching, we will no doubt witness the usual plethora of
summits and conferences highlighting challenges faced by women.

This is important, but I find greater value in talking about what opportunities
are available and how we can improve these.

I believe there is more to be done in unlocking the potential of CWPs in the
area of women and community development.

The goal of CWPs must change from being simply a provider of regular income to
being a source of skills development in order to bridge the skills deficit in
rural communities.

The government must create formal structures; an apprenticeship programme of
sorts to train participants, ultimately resulting in them being awarded a
formal, recognised qualification.

This can take the form of the recently announced initiative by the City of Cape
Town in partnership with UCT, in which the city plans to invest R39 million in
taxi operators' skills development.

The course will offer modules such as Business Management and Co-operative
Governance which will improve how operators conduct their businesses.

The same can be achieved for CWP workers who could use their newfound skills to
start businesses and eventually create employment by being awarded tenders.

These courses would also need to make provision for adults who are illiterate;
perhaps in tandem with Adult Basic Education and Training Programmes (ABET).

This would not only improve our adult literacy rates, but would have a ripple
effect in promoting a culture of learning in rural communities.

Research shows children who come from homes where parents are not educated are
unlikely to complete school themselves.

If it is to succeed, this is not a cause which should be taken up by government
alone.

The private sector needs to play a role in training and skills development. But
current market conditions mean few businesses will be able to do this.

So the government needs to provide incentives, whether in the form of tax breaks
or subsidies to businesses which invest in such initiatives.

By investing in the advancement of rural women, South Africa would improve the
quality of life of people living in rural areas.

In the Handbook of Research on Gender and Economic Life, Smith and Haddad found
increases in women's education in 63 countries accounted for the largest
contribution in reducing child malnutrition by up to 43%.

We need to move from defining women as victims of discrimination and see them as
agents of change.

l Zondo is a political researcher at the KZN provincial legislature and writes
in his personal capacity.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

City goes back to the same well // Debt service on $5.8M loan

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - For the second time in six months, the city has to dig into its
pockets to pay the debt service owed on the $5.8 million federal loan it
received for the Gardner Kilby Hammond Revitalization Project in the Main South
area.

Between August 2004 and February 2008, payments on that loan obligation were
made from federal earmarks secured for the city by U.S. Rep. James. P. McGovern,
D-Worcester, during the federal budget process.

In total, Mr. McGovern was able to obtain $1.1 million in federal money to pay
for the city's debt service on the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development Section 108 Loan, as part of more than $8 million in overall federal
money that has been awarded for the Main South project.

But City Manager Michael V. O'Brien said the availability of more federal money
for that purpose has dried up for the time being.

"Due to the Bush administration's opposition to the authorization of federal
earmarks for local projects, as well as budget pressures due to the war effort,
a succession of natural disasters, and national economic pressures due to the
foreclosure and Wall Street crises, federal outlays for projects such as the
Gardner Kilby Hammond initiative were not approved in the past two federal
budget cycles," Mr. O'Brien said.

To make its debt service payment last August, the manager said, the city had to
use unexpended balances from the previous year's federal Community Development
Block Grant programs. Faced with having to make another payment Monday, the city
is using that same strategy.

The City Council Tuesday night approved the use of $132,939 in prior-year
unexpended balances from block grant programs so the city can make debt payment
on the loan.

But with another $232,061 debt payment due in August, Assistant City Manager
Julie A. Jacobson warned, that funding source the city tapped to make the last
two payments has also run dry.

"We will not have sufficient (Community Development Block Grant) unexpended
balances to make additional payments due in August and future years without
additional federal earmarks," Ms. Jacobson said. "If additional federal funding
is not received, we will recommend funding this debt service through our annual
(block grant) entitlement in the amount of $365,000 (annually)."

Ms. Jacobson said such a course of action would have a significant impact on
those agencies and services that receive block grant funds from the city.

She said if the city were to default on its payment obligation, the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development would automatically take the money
out of the city's annual block grant allocation until the debt obligation is
resolved.

Mr. O'Brien said he has been assured by Mr. McGovern that the Gardner Kilby
Hammond project remains a high priority on his legislative agenda and the
manager said he is cautiously optimistic that future federal funding will be
secured for the project.

"We are grateful for the congressman's support of this initiative, and for his
leadership and commitment to continuing to seek federal earmarks to fund the
ongoing debt service needs of this pivotal project," Mr. O'Brien said.

The total loan issued for the project is $5.8 million. Ms. Jacobson said the
total amount of principal and interest on that note will be slightly more than
$10 million over its 20-year term. She said the current principal balance on the
loan is $4.7 million and debt service payments will run through August 2024. The
annual debt service payments will average about $365,000 a year during the life
of the loan, with balloon payments due in 2018 ($1.87 million) and 2024 ($1.27
million), she said.

The Section 108 loan was issued to the city for site acquisition, demolition and
preparation of a 7.5-acre parcel in Main South, so it could be redeveloped and
provide recreational opportunities for Clark University and neighborhood
residents through the Gardner Kilby Hammond Neighborhood Initiative - a $30
million public-private effort to revitalize a blighted 30-acre tract in that
area.

The recreational components of the redevelopment initiative include the new $7.5
million Boys & Girls Club, which opened in September 2006, as well as a $2.5
million track and field complex that will be constructed by Clark University and
made available to those who use the Boys & Girls Club.

"It is anticipated that the proposed track and field facility will be
constructed and opened by the end of calendar 2009," Ms. Jacobson said. "Clark
University will purchase 4.5 acres of the 7.5-acre parcel for this element of
the project."

NAME: WORCESTER CITY COUNCIL

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - For the second time in six months, the city has to dig into
its pockets to pay the debt service owed on the $5.8 million federal loan it
received for the Gardner Kilby Hammond Revitalization Project in the Main South
area. Between August 2004 and February 2008, payments on that loan obligation
were made from federal earmarks secured for the city by U.S. Rep. James. P.
McGovern, D-Worcester, during the federal budget process.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government

    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            May 21, 2003, Wednesday

GWYNEDD WELCOMES THE BEST OF THE PUBLIC AND PRIVATE WORLDS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 643 words


LARGE sums of money are obviously being drawn into the Objective 1 programme in
Gwynedd from both private and public sector sources.

Gwynedd Economic Partnership has to date secured approval for 35 Objective 1
projects worth in total more than pounds 34m and attracting more than pounds
12min European grants.

It says the best way to assess the success of the programme in the county is to
consider the economic impact that projects are having.

As might be expected, there has been a strong focus on small business.

Under the first phase of the Gwynedd Business Development Grant scheme, 79 new
SMEs and 163 existing SMEs received financial assistance and 293 jobs were
created.

A second pounds 1.4mphase to the business development grant scheme is being set
up to build on this success.

It will aim to increase the competitiveness of the SME sector in
Gwynedd,offering financial assistance to 63 SMEs in high value sectors of the
local economy,creating 200 new jobs and safeguarding a further 256.

Farming has always been a vital part of Gwynedd's economy and a pounds
2.6magri-innovationinitiative, which has secured an EU grant of pounds 1.24m,
will aim to create and embed a culture of innovation within SMEs in the
agricultural sector in Gwynedd as a means of ensuring the economic viability of
rural areas.

Another recently- approved project will see the appointment of a development
officer to work on inshore fisheries projects that will add value to primary sea
produce and help with branding and marketing.

Two other important projects that have been approved recently, that will
encourage the regeneration of peripheral and deprived communities in Gwynedd,are
the Gwynedd Key Fund and the Gwynedd Community Key Fund.

The main aim of the first is to support community- led initiatives which
contribute to social and economic developments. The pounds 870,000 Key Fund will
provide up to 100pc grants to schemes that will be developed and managed by the
communities themselves. This project aims to engage 46 community organisations,
support 30 community- led projects and support eight community owned assets.

The pounds 241,000 Gwynedd Community Key Fund,on the other hand, will assist
voluntary and community groups to develop new capacity building projects that
will promote the involvement of local people in the regeneration of their local
communities.

It is hoped that by the end of the project 67 community development initiatives
will have received support and 50 community initiatives will be still active
after two years.

The Objective 1 programme in Gwynedd continues apace.

During the last six months a further 13 projects have been approved by the Welsh
European Funding Office,drawing down almost pounds 5m of European aid and pounds
12mof total funding.

In addition to the projects that have already received WEFO approval, the reare
currently 13 projects to the value of pounds 36.1m with WEFO for consideration
and a further 16 projects to the value of pounds 29mhave been endorsed by the
Gwynedd Economic Partnership and are currently putting their bids together.

Projects submitted to WEFO include a marine centre of excellence in
Pwllheli,North West Wales management development centre in Bangor and the
Snowdonia land management project.

Partnership chairman Dewi Lewis said: "We are now entering the second half of
the programme. "I hope that the enthusiasm we have seen in the past will remain
and that we will continue to see strong and strategic projects being developed
in Gwynedd."

Regional projects under Objective 1 are also playing an important role and a
wide range of projects has been developed through intermediary organisations'
such as Wales Tourist Board, Finance Wales,Welsh Development Agency,local
authorities,colleges, universities andothers.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Economic Partnership chairman, Dewi Lewis,and I wan Trefor Jones,of
Gwynedd council, search for information on the new PEG website

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2003 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Utah: Community Innovation Grants

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Bush Foundation
Deadlines  Mar 13, 2014
Contact

Phone: 651.379.2266
Email: CommunityInnovation@bushfoundation.org
Purpose

Community Innovation Grants awards funding to nonprofits working to create
effective, equitable, and sustainable changes in communities. Although
limitations aren't put on the types of projects, at least 50% of Community
Innovation grants will be awarded to projects that address racial and economic
disparities.

Examples of past projects include:

Funds were awarded to the First Children's Finance Fund which address rural
child care issues
    Funds were awarded to the Northfield Healthy Community Initiative which is
designed to achieve community-level change for children and youth
    Funds were awarded to Renewing the Countryside II which works to strengthen
local food systems in rural areas
    Funds were awarded to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe for culturally competent
health and wellness programs targeted for tribe members
    Funds were awarded to Men as Peacemakers which engages men with women in
preventing violence and promoting equity

Eligibility

501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations and government units are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $200,000
Award Floor: $10,000
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, American Indians, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians, Child care, Community development, Economic development, Food
and hunger, Health promotion and disease prevention, Housing and homelessness,
Men, People with disabilities, Wellness, Youth, Minnesota, North Dakota, South
Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Utah: Community Innovation Grants

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Bush Foundation
Deadlines  Mar 13, 2014
Contact

Phone: 651.379.2266
Email: CommunityInnovation@bushfoundation.org
Purpose

Community Innovation Grants awards funding to nonprofits working to create
effective, equitable, and sustainable changes in communities. Although
limitations aren't put on the types of projects, at least 50% of Community
Innovation grants will be awarded to projects that address racial and economic
disparities.

Examples of past projects include:

Funds were awarded to the First Children's Finance Fund which address rural
child care issues
    Funds were awarded to the Northfield Healthy Community Initiative which is
designed to achieve community-level change for children and youth
    Funds were awarded to Renewing the Countryside II which works to strengthen
local food systems in rural areas
    Funds were awarded to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe for culturally competent
health and wellness programs targeted for tribe members
    Funds were awarded to Men as Peacemakers which engages men with women in
preventing violence and promoting equity

Eligibility

501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations and government units are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $200,000
Award Floor: $10,000
Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, American Indians, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians, Child care, Community development, Economic development, Food
and hunger, Health promotion and disease prevention, Housing and homelessness,
Men, People with disabilities, Wellness, Youth, Minnesota, North Dakota, South
Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann Awards a $40,000 Planning Grant to the
City of Huntingburg

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Governor, The State of Indiana has issued the following news release:

Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann has awarded a $40,000 planning grant to the city of
Huntingburg to fund a downtown revitalization plan through the state's Office of
Community and Rural Affairs.

"Planning grants are an important first step as communities consider the best
way to attract new businesses," said Lt. Governor Ellspermann.  "The city of
Huntingburg continues its growth and revitalization, and we are pleased to
provide this important funding for planning in the downtown area.  The area that
the city has designated for the planning grant includes historic buildings such
as Old Town Hall, 4th Street's important retail district, favorite restaurants,
and more.  With the appropriate planning tools, the city will be able to plan
appropriately for future growth and attract even more businesses to beautiful
Huntingburg."

The planning grant for the city of Huntingburg will be used to evaluate the area
from Geiger Street to Van Buren Street as well as Third Street to Fifth Street.

The majority of the funding comes from the federal Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program, which has proven to be an effective tool for
community-based planning and research initiatives. Huntingburg has committed a
local match of $5,000.

The CDBG program is administered by the Indiana Office of Community and Rural
Affairs.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             May 19, 2010 Wednesday

Indiana: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards Princeton with a $30,000 Planning Grant

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, May 19 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded the City of Princeton with a $30,000
planning grant the city will use to fund a park and recreation master planning
study. These federal dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA)
administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The grant will fund a five-year master park planning study which will be created
in compliance with the Department of Natural Resources' standards. The study
will outline strategies the city's parks and recreation department will follow
to better serve community needs in the coming years. Replacing the city's
swimming pool, building a new multi-use trail system, and considering
alternatives for a potential community center are some items which will be
included in the plan.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.com? Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Rushville Republican (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Update on Stellar projects

BYLINE: Kate Thurston, The Rushville Republican, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 876 words


Jan. 10--Some might look around and not see many changes in Rushville after
becoming a Stellar Community, but if you look behind the scenes, there's a lot
of hustle and bustle preparing for big projects coming to the community.

Here is a recap of the Stellar process since summer.

As a result of being chosen for Stellar, the city will have access to state
funding for specific projects that were included in the application. Some of the
proposed projects include Overlook at Riverside Park, Morgan Street Corridor,
Flatrock Run Trailhead and Bike Hub, Campaign Quarters, Riverside Park Gateway
Plaza, Downtown Commercial Building Revitalization and Neighborhood
Revitalization. There are also several complimentary project ideas.

Rushville and Rush County leaders and residents certainly have spent time,
talent, energy and effort reimaging a more vibrant, appealing, prosperous,
stronger, stellar community. As previously shared, Rushville's Stellar
designation means the city is at the front of the line to apply for funding from
three state agencies: Indiana Department of Transportation (federal funds),
Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs and the Indiana Housing and
Community Development Authority.

It's important to understand what the Stellar program is and what it is not. It
is NOT A GRANT PROGRAM. There is NO pot of money to be drawn from and handed to
community leaders to spend. There are funding sources at the state and federal
level and by being chosen a Stellar Community Designee, Rushville is at the
front of the line to apply for those funds. Rushville's Stellar projects qualify
for these available funding sources.

Rushville is required to be locked in on the parameters set, meaning the seven
Stellar projects included in the city's Strategic Investment Plan submitted to
state officials are the only city initiatives eligible for state or federal
funding and the only projects the city's local investment dollars can help fund.

The total cost investment for the seven projects is $17,983,869 of which local
investment is $3.9 million over three to five years. Two community partners are
contributing funding with Rush County giving $240,000 over four years and the
Rush County Community Foundation providing $100,000 over the next four years.
The remaining funding is coming from a variety of state and federal agencies,
including monies available through the Indiana Office of Community and Rural
Affairs, the Indiana Department of Transportation (federal funds) and the
Indiana Housing and Community Development Authority.

Stellar is a three to five year process. Below you will find a "rough" timeline
of events.

--First 1-2 years -- Engineering/Design Phase for Projects

--Last 2-5 years -- Implementation and Construction of Projects

So behind closed doors, Mayor Mike Pavey and Director of Special Projects Brian
Sheehan, along with many others, are strategically planning the next steps for
the program and will start training this month.

"I feel like for the next two months you won't be seeing anything from the
outside perspective," Sheehan said. "We are in the planning stage right now; it
is kind of like learning all the rules, the process, etc. The only thing we have
now that is different is we are working through the initial process/planning
mode and are getting to the point of training."

This month the team will be going through training with the state and will
continue until April.

"Near the end of the month, we are going through a number of workshops and
meetings to prepare. Our next meeting is 'engaging the community in the
process.' There is a four-training session that will end in April," Sheehan
added.

The first meeting is Jan. 20.

"Stellar is a marathon, not a sprint," Pavey said. "Right now, we are working
harder and more than we will down the road and people just don't see it. The
community can expect the projects to occur between years two and four. We want
to stress that to the community that we are working toward that and are building
up to it. We are currently in the process of enhancing the community. We will
have a meeting with previous Stellar winners and learn from them. The state will
be coming to the meetings and teaching us more and more at each workshop."

"With the application and design process, there will be a lot happening. Most
projects won't be completed until 2018-2019," Sheehan said.

Down the road there will be regular opportunities for the community to stay
involved such as formal City Council hearing, project design open houses,
Facebook and website updates, periodic online surveys and press releases.

Currently, the program delivery schedule is as follows:

--The Overlook at Riverside -- 2019-2020

--Campaign Quarters -- 2019

--Downtown Commercial Building Revitalization -- 2019-2020

--Neighborhood Owner-Occupied Rehabilitation -- 2019-2020

--Flatrock Trail and Bike Hub -- 2021

--Morgan Street Corridor and Pedestrian Alley Improvements -- 2021

Questions about Stellar can be directed to Brian Sheehan at
bsheehan@cityofrushville.in.gov

Contact Kate Thurston at kate.thurston@rushvillerepublican.com

___ (c)2017 The Rushville Republican (Rushville, Ind.) Visit The Rushville
Republican (Rushville, Ind.) at rushvillerepublican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170110-RJ-Update-on-Stellar-projects-0110-20170110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RJ


                    Copyright 2017 The Rushville Republican


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

City goes back to the same well;
Debt service on $5.8M loan

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 757 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


For the second time in six months, the city has to dig into its pockets to pay
the debt service owed on the $5.8 million federal loan it received for the
Gardner Kilby Hammond Revitalization Project in the Main South area.

Between August 2004 and February 2008, payments on that loan obligation were
made from federal earmarks secured for the city by U.S. Rep. James. P. McGovern,
D-Worcester, during the federal budget process.

In total, Mr. McGovern was able to obtain $1.1 million in federal money to pay
for the city's debt service on the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development Section 108 Loan, as part of more than $8 million in overall federal
money that has been awarded for the Main South project.

But City Manager Michael V. O'Brien said the availability of more federal money
for that purpose has dried up for the time being.

"Due to the Bush administration's opposition to the authorization of federal
earmarks for local projects, as well as budget pressures due to the war effort,
a succession of natural disasters, and national economic pressures due to the
foreclosure and Wall Street crises, federal outlays for projects such as the
Gardner Kilby Hammond initiative were not approved in the past two federal
budget cycles," Mr. O'Brien said.

To make its debt service payment last August, the manager said, the city had to
use unexpended balances from the previous year's federal Community Development
Block Grant programs. Faced with having to make another payment Monday, the city
is using that same strategy.

The City Council Tuesday night approved the use of $132,939 in prior-year
unexpended balances from block grant programs so the city can make debt payment
on the loan.

But with another $232,061 debt payment due in August, Assistant City Manager
Julie A. Jacobson warned, that funding source the city tapped to make the last
two payments has also run dry.

"We will not have sufficient (Community Development Block Grant) unexpended
balances to make additional payments due in August and future years without
additional federal earmarks," Ms. Jacobson said. "If additional federal funding
is not received, we will recommend funding this debt service through our annual
(block grant) entitlement in the amount of $365,000 (annually)."

Ms. Jacobson said such a course of action would have a significant impact on
those agencies and services that receive block grant funds from the city.

She said if the city were to default on its payment obligation, the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development would automatically take the money
out of the city's annual block grant allocation until the debt obligation is
resolved.

Mr. O'Brien said he has been assured by Mr. McGovern that the Gardner Kilby
Hammond project remains a high priority on his legislative agenda and the
manager said he is cautiously optimistic that future federal funding will be
secured for the project.

"We are grateful for the congressman's support of this initiative, and for his
leadership and commitment to continuing to seek federal earmarks to fund the
ongoing debt service needs of this pivotal project," Mr. O'Brien said.

The total loan issued for the project is $5.8 million. Ms. Jacobson said the
total amount of principal and interest on that note will be slightly more than
$10 million over its 20-year term. She said the current principal balance on the
loan is $4.7 million and debt service payments will run through August 2024. The
annual debt service payments will average about $365,000 a year during the life
of the loan, with balloon payments due in 2018 ($1.87 million) and 2024 ($1.27
million), she said.

The Section 108 loan was issued to the city for site acquisition, demolition and
preparation of a 7.5-acre parcel in Main South, so it could be redeveloped and
provide recreational opportunities for Clark University and neighborhood
residents through the Gardner Kilby Hammond Neighborhood Initiative - a $30
million public-private effort to revitalize a blighted 30-acre tract in that
area.

The recreational components of the redevelopment initiative include the new $7.5
million Boys & Girls Club, which opened in September 2006, as well as a $2.5
million track and field complex that will be constructed by Clark University and
made available to those who use the Boys & Girls Club.

"It is anticipated that the proposed track and field facility will be
constructed and opened by the end of calendar 2009," Ms. Jacobson said. "Clark
University will purchase 4.5 acres of the 7.5-acre parcel for this element of
the project."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

In brief

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 295 words


Car hits tree

A man was taken to Palmerston North Hospital after a car crashed into a tree.
Emergency services were called to Ruahine St, between Windsor St and Linmor
Place, in Palmerston North after a Subaru ran into a tree at 8am on Saturday.
Traffic was diverted around the scene while firefighters worked to free an
injured man trapped in the car. A St John Ambulance spokesman said the man was
then taken to hospital in a critical condition. Palmerston North Hospital
spokesman Dennis Geddis said the man's condition had stabilised later that
afternoon.

Flight cancelled

An Air New Zealand flight from Auckland to Palmerston North was cancelled on
Sunday due to crew illness. Air New Zealand spokeswoman Kelly Kilgour said
affected customers were put on to other flights, and no other services were
impacted.

UFB coming

Otaki, Foxton and Shannon are among the towns that will receive ultra-fast
broadband under phase two of the Government's rural broadband initiative
programme. Phase two will extend to an additional 151 towns and 43 suburban
fringe areas located around the larger centres covered by the first phase of the
programme, including Levin. It will start in 2017 and be completed between 2018
and 2024. UFB uses fibre-optic cables and can typically provide download speeds
of up to 100 megabits per second and, in some areas, up to 1000 Mbps.

Applications open

Horowhenua District Council is again inviting applications for funding from the
community grants schemes it administers. Applications to the Horowhenua
Community Development Grant, Community Consultation Grant, Creative Communities
Grant and the Shannon Community Development Grant, for round two of the
2016/2017 financial year, close on February 28. Visit the council website for
more information.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                  July 9, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Groups get (EURO)1.1m grant

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 169 words


(EURO)1.1 MILLION in grant aid for numerous local community initiatives and
businesses was recently approved at a meeting of Wexford Local Development
(WLD). Funded under the National Rural Development Programme, this grant aid
will support job creation in the county. The total approved for the businesses
was (EURO)604,549.10 and for communities was (EURO)497,084.47.

The following community groups will receive funding: Ramsgrange Men''s Group,
Wexford Walking Trails Network, Bunclody Community Council, Gorey School of Art,
Colclough Walled gardens, Fethard Village Hall, Templeudigan Parish Council,
Rathangan Parish Hall Committee, Wexford Crafts Trail Network, Askamore Muintir
na Tire Community Council, Davidstown Development Association and Blackwater
Community Development.

The businesses which were approved grant aid are: CMP Services, Barnadown
Showjumping, Kavanagh Meats, Blackwater Open Farm, Sage Farm, Green Hill Fruit
Farm, The Saucy Butcher, Wilton Castle, D&P Pest Control and Ballykelly Farms.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose

The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility

The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305 million
in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process

A link to the online application is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

Ashland, Van Buren receive grants to help fund local projects;
County gets money for labor database

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


Ashland, Van Buren and Aroostook County have received grants from the United
States Department of Agriculture and the Department of Housing and Urban
Development to assist with housing programs and to update a survey of employees
and employers in Maine's northernmost county.

The Ashland Housing Corp. has been given a grant of $391,215 for its housing
needs, Van Buren is receiving $346,500 and Aroostook County will get $180,000,
according to Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins.

The money comes from nearly $4.5 million distributed throughout the state by the
two federal agencies.

The Economic Development Initiative money can only be used in projects where
Section 108 Loan Program money is used.

"This funding will help provide vital opportunities for rural Mainers to enhance
community services and health care facilities and boost economic growth in areas
that need it the most," the two senators wrote in a joint statement. "Many
Americans aspire to own their own home and funding provided by the Department of
Housing and Urban Development can often help make that dream a reality."

Daniel Lapointe, community development director at Van Buren, said the grant is
part of the package for infrastructure work at the town's regional business
park.

The grant is one of three sources of funding. Van Buren also received $499,800
from USDA Rural Development and $150,000 from the state's Municipal Investment
Trust Fund.

The entire project is just shy of $1 million. It will pay for sewer and water
line installation, construction of a road to the site, and the installation of
other needed utilities.

The regional business park, located near the town's Gateway School, will have
five lots for business and industrial use.

Lapointe said the town is now in the design phase and officials hope that
construction will begin in the fall. They are awaiting Maine Department of
Environmental Protection permits for the project.

In Ashland, the money will be used to rehabilitate a 32-year-old housing
project. The 24-unit project, known as Forest View Circle Apartments, according
to Shawn Pelletier of CS Management Inc., is owned by the Ashland Housing Corp.

Officials hope to start the rehabilitation project around Aug. 1.

The work includes roof and siding work, windows, electrical and plumbing
components, heating upgrades, the remodeling of kitchens and some earthwork.

The Aroostook County money will be used to update surveys of the county's labor
force. The data will be integrated into a database maintained by the Maine
Department of Labor and the U.S. Census Bureau.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

HUD approves $42 million in loan guarantee to New Mexicans

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


ALBUQUERQUE - The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development announced
that it is approving a $42 million loan guarantee to the state of New Mexico.
This federal loan guarantee assistance is a first for the state, which will
establish a loan fund to support economic development projects in smaller, often
rural communities throughout New Mexico.

The State estimates that these projects will create 844 new jobs, primarily for
the benefit of low- and moderate-income persons.

This is not a HUD loan. HUD's Section 108 Loan Guarantee Assistance Program
enables local governments to borrow money at reduced interest rates to promote
economic development, stimulate job growth and improve public facilities.

Such public 'guarantee' is often needed to inspire private capital
contributions, to provide seed money or to simply boost confidence that private
firms and individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

The security for the loan guarantee not only includes a pledge by the state of
its current and future Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds, but also
will include the pledge of assets related to the economic development projects
assisted with this loan guarantee financing.

"HUD's Loan Guarantee Program can be a powerful public investment tool to drive
economic development in underserved areas," said HUD Acting Regional
Administrator Mark Brezina. "The program will be a boost to community
revitalization efforts and provide jobs for residents who need them most."

New Mexico's Department of Finance and Administration, Local Government
Division, will administer this initiative to eligible communities across New
Mexico that meet program and financial underwriting criteria and have been
reviewed by the state Community Development Council.

HUD's mission is to create strong, sustainable, inclusive communities and
quality affordable homes for all. HUD is working to strengthen the housing
market to bolster the economy and protect consumers; meet the need for quality
affordable rental homes.

More information about HUD and its programs is available on the Internet at
www.hud.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Gympie Times (Queensland)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

10,000 ways to prosper

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 388  words



HIGHLIGHT: Efforts to expand tourism rewarded by helping hand from DEEDI


Kaili Parker-Price

MARY Valley Inc continues to bring money into the local community to promote the
area, winning a $10,000 grant to employ a project co-ordinator for its tourism
marketing campaign.

President Graham Miller said the successful grant came from the Building Rural
Communities program which recently announced a total of $453,000 in grants to
fund capacity building projects in Queensland.

MVI will employ a part-time project coordinator for six months to professionally
promote the Mary Valley through an inaugural branding campaign, Mary Valley
Country - come out to play.

This would help bring people to the valley, supporting both economic and
community development. The co-ordinator would develop internet marketing and
packaging and bundling options for the valley, oversee the development of a
promotional web site as well as coordinating training workshops to businesses
and volunteers to allow them to benefit from the internet branding campaign.

Minister for Agriculture, Food and Regional Economies Tim Mulherin said the
funding was from the third round of grants under the $2 million Building Rural
Communities Fund.

"Under the plan, funding of up to $10,000 is available to organisations for
projects that improve the economic, social and cultural capacity of their
regions," Mr Mulherin said.

"To date, 101 rural projects have received funding under the initiative with a
further 52 projects receiving funding in this round.

"We want to help rural and regional communities become places that people want
to live, work and raise families, and these grants are part of a plan to help
make that happen," he said.

Mr Mulherin said some of the other successful applications included:

Development of an interactive heritage trails network for culturally significant
places within the Gympie Region - from Gympie Regional Council; and, The Growing
in the Burnett Inc to raise awareness among local growers of the need for
diversifying and strengthening capacity in locally produced foods.

The project will also help empower potential growers and producers.

The Building Rural Communities Fund is administered by the Department of
Employment, Economic Development and Innovation (DEEDI) through the Rural and
Regional Queensland Unit, and is supported by a network of DEEDI Regional
Offices outside South-East Queensland.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GGT


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Rep Cuellar: Trump Cuts Webb County Infrastructure, Services

LENGTH: 981  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Henry Cuellar has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Congressman Henry Cuellar (D-TX-28) expressed his concern about
President Trump's budget cuts to Texas infrastructure, education, agriculture,
business, and other vital programs:





 "The people of Texas' 28th district will suffer if President Trump's budget
cuts are forced through Congress," said Congressman Cuellar.



 For example, in Webb County alone, students at Texas A&M International, Laredo
Community College, and Laredo Beauty College will lose nearly a million dollars
in grants that help pay tuition.



 As billions of dollars are suddenly ripped away from Texas, jobs and even
entire industries will be at risk. When companies close down and citizens look
for new employment, they'll find that President Trump eliminated job re-training
and placement programs. If they try to start their own businesses instead,
they'll find that President Trump cut the loan and investment programs
entrepreneurs need.



 If they fall into homelessness, they'll find President Trump ended the programs
to help shelter and feed their children. If they are in a rural area, those
children may get sick from untreated sewage and dangerous drinking water, since
President Trump cut support for rural utilities. And they will struggle to break
out of poverty through education, as President Trump cut funding for before- and
after-school programs, and for college tuition assistance.



 President Trump says he wants to make America great again. But this future
doesn't seem like America to me."







 Attached is a document listing anticipated cuts specific to Webb County and
Laredo.



 Trump's budget cuts more than $18 million from Texas' homeland security, more
than $550 million from our economic and business programs, and more than $225.8
million from our local education.



 Republican leaders are also criticizing President Trump's budget. Rep. Hal
Rogers (R-KY), the former Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, said in a
statement: "many of the reductions and eliminations proposed in the President's
skinny budget are draconian, careless and counterproductive."



 Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, current Chairman of the Appropriations Committee,
also issued a statement reminding the public that Congress, not the President,
has the power of the purse.



 Please see attached document for cuts specific to Laredo and Webb County.



 Below, we have shared a breakdown of some expected cuts to Texas*.







 Flexible Funds Cities and Counties Need



 The Community Development Block Grant program, which annually provides flexible
funds to Texas communities, is being eliminated. In 2016, that program provided:




 ·         $11,457,418 to San Antonio, TX



 ·         $2,180,749 to Bexar County, TX



 ·         $3,436,805 to Laredo, TX



 ·         $904,240 to Mission, TX



 ·         $7,226,312 to Hidalgo County, TX



 More than $18 billion in cuts to national security programs in Texas



 ·         -$5,374,500 from the State Homeland Security Program, which defends
our whole state from terrorism



 ·         -$9,748,750 from the Urban Area Security Initiative, which
specifically helps secure high-threat, high-density urban areas that are more
vulnerable to terrorism



 ·         -$2,661,957 from the Port Security Grant Program



 ·         -$304,528 from the Transit Security Grant Program, which secures our
transportation infrastructure







 More than $21.5 million from programs to help working class and poor families



 ·         -$9,672,433 from the Emergency Food and Shelter Board Program, which
helps homeless families get temporary food and shelter



 ·         -$31,196,205 from the Legal Services Corporation, which provides
attorneys to people who can't afford them, including more than 6,000 veterans in
Texas last year



 More than $550 million from programs for jobs, our economy, and businesses



 ·         -$181,018 from job training programs, which last year helped more
than 500,000 Texans prepare for jobs in the new economy



 ·         -$6,700,881 from the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, which helps
small and medium sized manufacturing businesses in Texas to become more globally
competitive, and which last year led to $269,142,842 in new sales and more than
2,700 new jobs



 ·         -$14,917,940 from the Economic Development Program, which created or
preserved an estimated 2,312 Texas jobs this year



 ·         The entire budget of our Community Development Financial Institutions
(CDFI), which invested $258.5 million in Texas small businesses and communities
in 2016



 More than $225.8 million from education



 ·         -$103,166,330 from before-school and after-school programs, which
103,166 Texas children will lose access to in 2018 under the cuts



 ·         -$91,059,376 from Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants, which
helped 67,489 Texas students afford college in 2015-2016



 ·         -$31,620,577 from arts and humanities education



 Rural programs entirely eliminated



 ·         The Essential Air Service, which helps small airports in remote rural
areas stay open, and which serves 3,761 Texas passengers per year



 ·         The USDA rural water and waste program, which treats sewage and
cleans drinking water in rural areas. Texas communities got $97,047,155 in 2016.




 ·         Rural Utilities Service Grants, which provided about $14,000,000 in
grants to Texas in 2015



 Clean water on the border endangered



 ·        Complete elimination of the EPA's State and Tribal Assistance Grants
to the U.S.-Mexico border, which supports clean drinking water, wastewater
treatment, and other environmental programs necessary for health and safety.
Border communities (including TX and other border states) relied on $10 million
of these funds last year.



 *Data primarily from the Committee on Appropriations - Democrats analysis. PDF
provided with this release. All figures are approximate.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in the community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and community outreach
    Emergency and disaster relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Pharmacy and prescription
drugs, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Walgreen Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Walgreen Company
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: grants@walgreens.com
Purpose

The Walgreen Community Grant Program supports organizations seeking funding for
projects focused on improving:

Access to health and wellness in their community
    Pharmacy education programs and mentoring initiatives
    Civic and Community outreach
    Emergency and Disaster Relief

Eligibility

Limited to nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified.
Application
process

A link to the online proposal submission process is available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Faith-based, Pharmacy and
prescription drugs

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                               December 12, 1998

Villages urged to cash in on help

BYLINE: By Staff Reporter

SECTION: Places: Villages, Pg.5

LENGTH: 323 words


VILLAGES in Hinckley and Bosworth are failing to cash in on a grant fund which
could help improve the quality of life for their residents.

Rural Action for the Environment provides grants of up to GBP 2,000 for
community-led environmental projects in areas with populations lower than
10,000.

It supports projects as varied as surveys of wildlife, traffic and noise, audits
of community buildings, creation of village trails, initiatives for recycling,
conservation, landscaping, parish maps, village appraisals and wildlife
protection.

The scheme's future is in doubt because of the forthcoming merger of the Rural
Development Commission and Countryside Commission on April 1, to form the new
Countryside Agency.

Steps are being taken to secure its future, including preparation of a business
plan for the Environment Minister, and a National Lottery bid.

Weight

Councils are being asked to add their weight to the campaign.

Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council is expected to register its support when
it meets on Tuesday, Dec ember 15, in line with a recommendation from its
planning committee.

So far, borough projects which have had funding from Rural Action include Sheepy
Glade Woodland Creation, Ratby Wildlife Totem Pole, Market Bosworth Wildflower
Meadow and Thornton Village Appraisal.

On-going projects being supported include the village appraisals of Markfield,
Stoke Golding and Sutton Cheney.

District planning officer Mr David Reed said in his report to the planning
committee that the scheme had been under-used in the borough.

"The Rural Action scheme is a valuable community development tool for the
borough's rural areas. the scheme's demise would result in a loss of resources
that would be difficult to find elsewhere."

Coun Andrew Goodwin has suggested that all rural parish councils in the borough
should be notified of the scheme, and encouraged to apply for help with relevant
projects.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 1998 Leicester Mercury


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.
Tobie Blanchard

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.
Tobie Blanchard

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: State Grant Helps Downtown Redevelopment

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Madison: Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:



 The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $500,000
grant to the City of Eau Claire to help fund the renovation of the Oxbow Hotel,
located on a neglected gateway property that once housed the Green Tree Inn.





 WEDC&rsquo;s Community Development Investment Grant will help transform the
property into a 30-room, high-quality, independent hotel with a 70-seat
restaurant and bar with additional outdoor patio seating and performance space.
Owners of the new hotel also plan to take advantage of the property&rsquo;s
location to rent bicycles, kayaks, canoes and floating tubes to visitors who
want to access the nearby bike trail and Eau Claire and Chippewa River
waterways. The hotel is scheduled to open in summer 2016.



 &ldquo;We believe that the vitality of communities throughout Wisconsin is
directly tied to the quality of life they offer to their residents,&rdquo; said
WEDC Secretary and Chief Executive Officer Mark Hogan in announcing the grant.
&ldquo;I congratulate the City of Eau Claire and the many community stakeholders
who have invested their time, energy and imagination into this project that
increases both the livability and the economic competitiveness of the
area.&rdquo;



 DSC01302 smPlans for the hotel include an artist-in-residence program modelled
after a similar initiative at the Pfister Hotel in Milwaukee. Commenting on the
hotel&rsquo;s integration with local life in Eau Claire, Nick Meyer, one of the
managing partners of Longform LLC, the developers of the project explained,
&ldquo;Through both the hotel&rsquo;s physical spaces and its programmatic
offerings, we seek to evoke a deep sense of community by embracing our regional
outdoor and recreation attractions, and drawing a strong connection to Eau
Claire&rsquo;s burgeoning, nationally-recognized music and arts scenes.&rdquo;



 Meyer added that the hotel&rsquo;s restaurant and bar will also draw heavily
from a regional aesthetic, using Wisconsin-centric ingredients including local
cheese, maple syrup, wild rice, cranberries and more&mdash;artisan items that
further help evoke a unique sense of place.



 &ldquo;I am very proud of this small group of local investors who continue to
help downtown redevelopment reach new heights,&rdquo; said Eau Claire City
Council President Kerry Kincaid. &ldquo;The city is very grateful for their
constant and genuine connection to Eau Claire, and we thank WEDC for supporting
this exciting project.&rdquo;



 WEDC&rsquo;s Community Development Investment Grant supports urban, small city
and rural community redevelopment efforts by providing financial assistance to
community-supported shovel-ready projects. Community Development Investment
Grants are awarded on a competitive basis. The renovation of the Oxbow is one of
20 such grants awarded statewide in fiscal year 2014, underscoring the value the
project will deliver to downtown Eau Claire.



 In fiscal year 2014, WEDC&rsquo;s $5.5 million in Community Development
Investment Grants was matched 15 times over by other funds, representing more
than $82 million of revitalization taking place in Wisconsin through this one
program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Logan Banner (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Logan County PSD awarded $1.5 million for wastewater project

BYLINE: The Logan Banner, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 728 words


Oct. 08--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and
Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today announced that four West Virginia projects will
receive a total of $3 million from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for
infrastructure, health and economic development improvements.

The Logan County Public Service District's Phase III-B1 Wastewater project will
receive $1,500,000; the Town of Union's Water System Improvements project will
receive $1,000,000; the West Virginia Development Office's West Virginia
Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program will receive $100,000; and the
Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will receive
$400,000 for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control and Translation
Project.

"This funding gives a needed boost to struggling West Virginia communities,"
said Senator Capito. "By improving local water and sewer programs, investing in
economic development initiatives and supporting diabetes education and
prevention, these programs will help improve the quality of life in some of our
most rural communities and pave the way for economic growth."

"By investing in water infrastructure improvements, economic development, and
health education and prevention programs, we are enhancing the quality of life
for so many West Virginians and helping to revitalize our communities," Senator
Manchin said. "This funding will provide underserved communities with access to
the resources necessary to keep West Virginians safe and healthy and create new
economic opportunities."

Program Details:

--The Logan County Public Service District will receive $1,500,000 from ARC for
the Phase III-B1 Wastewater project, which will provide sewer service to 116
households and 15 businesses in Lower Island Creek Road, Cherry Tree, Whites
Addition, Yuma Camp and surrounding areas. The businesses and residents of the
project area do not currently have access to a public wastewater system. This
project will help provide safe and reliable sewer service and attract future
investments in the region. In addition to ARC funding, other federal sources
will provide $836,000, and local sources will provide $2,230,000, bringing the
total project funding to $4,566,000.

--The Town of Union will receive $1,000,000 from ARC for the Union Water System
Improvements project. This project will significantly contribute to the region's
community and economic development goals by increasing the town's water storage,
enhancing reliability, providing the foundation for future water line extensions
to unserved communities and enabling a local manufacturing company to expand
production and create new jobs. In addition to ARC funding, other federal
sources will provide $1,023,000 and local sources will provide $507,000,
bringing the total project funding to $2,530,000.

--The West Virginia Development Office will receive $100,000 from ARC for the
West Virginia Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program. This program
will provide mini-grants for up to $10,000 per project to fund small-scale,
non-construction community development projects. The program is targeted to
serve the state's eight distressed counties, 17 at-risk counties and selected
transitional counties. Highest priority will be given to projects associated
with WV Blueprint Communities and the Turn This Town Around Initiative. In
addition to ARC funding, the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation will provide
$75,000 and local sources will provide $17,300, bringing the total project
funding to $192,300.

--The Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will receive
$400,000 from ARC for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control and
Translation Project, which helps address diabetes in distressed areas throughout
Appalachia. Since 2002, ARC and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC) have sponsored Marshall's efforts to support local coalitions focused on
diabetes education and prevention for thousands of people each year. This
funding will provide additional training and technical assistance, and support
continued grant assistance for the strongest coalitions. This ARC grant of
$400,000 includes $200,000 in transferred CDC funds.

___ (c)2015 The Logan Banner (Logan, W.Va.) Visit The Logan Banner (Logan,
W.Va.) at www.loganbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151008-EB-Logan-County-PSD-awarded-1.5-million-for-wastewater-project-1008-201
51008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EB


                        Copyright 2015 The Logan Banner


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 9, 2010 Monday

County ponders supporting rail line rehabilitation

BYLINE: Chad Blackshear, Greenville Herald-Banner, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Aug. 09--GREENVILLE -- Hunt County commissioners are scheduled to consider a
resolution supporting an application for grant funds to rehabilitate a rail line
passing through the county during today's regular meeting of the Commissioners
Court.

According to the resolution, the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) has
applied for a grant of $14.8 million for the rehabilitation of the rail line
owned by the Northeast Texas Rural Rail Transportation District (NETEX).

In addition to Hunt County, the rail line passes through the counties of Titus,
Franklin, Delta and Hopkins.

Per the resolution, the rail line qualifies for the grant because it provides
vital transportation services to the farmers, businesses and citizens of Hunt
County, which is defined in the document as a rural county in a depressed area,
and upon which more than 1,000 jobs directly depend.

The rail line is currently operated by Blacklands Railroad.

The only action commissioners are scheduled to take regarding the matter is
whether or not to support TxDOT's actions.

Commissioners are also scheduled to:

--Consider the award for administrative services and engineering services for
the 2010 Texas Community Development Block Grant Program STEP grant for the
Hickory Creek Special Utility District;

--Consider Hunt County's participation in the 10-33 (military surplus) Grant
Program;

--Possibly approve an amended contract by and between Hunt County and the North
Central Texas Council of Governments for the extension of the term of contract
to July 31, 2011, for the Cities Readiness Initiative Project funds; and

--Possibly renew the Emergency Management Performance Grant (EMPG) through the
Texas Department of Public Safety Division of Emergency Management.

The meeting begins at 10 a.m. in the Auxiliary Courtroom, located at 2700
Johnson.

Text Only

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100809-GC-County-ponders-supporting-rail-line-rehabilitation-20100809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                    Copyright 2010 Greenville Herald-Banner


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Oklahoma: Rural economic development program seeking applications

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma city


Division of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources, The state of Oklahoma
has issued the following news release:

Communities interested in boosting their regional economic development prospects
should apply now for the Stronger Economies Together program.

A national initiative designed to potentially have a big impact on the state,
SET helps rural communities partner together to enhance regional economic
development opportunities. The program is offered through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development and Regional Rural Development Centers.

"SET helps communities think beyond their city and county borders to build
important relationships and identify key resources that can successfully drive
regional projects," said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University Cooperative
Extension community development specialist.

This is the third time Oklahoma has participated in the SET program. Currently,
18 counties in the state are actively involved in the initiative.

The 7-month program includes six coaching sessions covering an overview of the
region, team building exercises and a study of the region's economic climate and
potential resources.

Participating regions also will create a strategic plan that can be put into
action immediately, as well as have access to 40 hours of technical assistance
from the SET coaching team, including professionals from state and federal
agencies, OSU, Extension and other public and private organizations.

"Community leaders understand no project is successful without a plan. SET uses
the expertise of the USDA and Extension to help communities to gather the
necessary knowledge, skills and resources to build a solid plan and put it into
action," said Kathleen James, Oklahoma community and economic development
coordinator for USDA Rural Development. As an added benefit to participating in
SET, communities that complete the program tend to be in a good position to earn
grants and other types of support for needs they have identified.

"Part of the goal of the program is to create meaningful relationships across
communities, counties and organizations that have the potential to help regions
flourish economically," Shideler said. "Ultimately, that kind of growth is not
just good for the region, it's good for all of Oklahoma."Oklahoma State
University, U.S. Department of Agriculture, State and Local Governments
Cooperating: The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service offers its programs to
all eligible persons regardless of race, color, national origin, religion,
gender, age, disability, or status as a veteran, and is an equal opportunity
employer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Victor Harbor Times

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Grants help local children

SECTION: COMMUNITY NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 364 words


The Fleurieu Community Foundation has released two new grants to help
disadvantaged children continue to participate in local sports and community
activities in the region.

The Stay in Sport grant aims to provide assistance to young people who might
drop out of sport due to financial hardship which prevents them from paying for
compulsory club fees, uniforms and sports equipment.

The Building Community Wellbeing grant maintains focus on community health and
wellbeing, community development, education, environmental and cultural
projects.

Priority is currently given to projects and initiatives that support the
following areas of focus:

People with a disability - to develop resourcefulness, living skills and
confidence that facilitate self reliance and participation in the community.

Mental health - to support positive mental health and wellbeing for people of
any age.

Fostering youth leadership - to foster leadership by young men and women aged 13
to 25.

Applications for other grants, such as the The Youth Arts Participation grant,
are open all year and allow financially disadvantaged young people to stay
involved in arts and cultural activities.

The grants are part of a national program facilitated by the Foundation for
Rural and Regional Renewal that helps rural and remote children and young people
access quality educational experiences.

This program identifies families in need in the community and distributes one
voucher per student to support them in their return to school.

The Foundation has also been looking at distributing Back to School vouchers as
well.

The objective of the program is to help local families in need and give support
to the children going back to school.

Vouchers could be used for items such as uniforms, clothing, shoes, school bags
and stationery items.

The Rural and Regional Renewal Foundation is funded by a variety of trusts and
foundations, such as the Sidney Myer Fund, which has been a significant part of
the program.

Expressions of interest for the Stay in Sport grant close on May 8.

Expressions of interest for the Building Community Wellbeing grant close on
April 21.

For more information, visit www.fleurieucommunityfoundation.org.au/

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $48,600 Planning Grant to White County

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Nov. 26 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded White County with a $48,600 planning
grant the county will use to fund a comprehensive economic development planning
study. These federal dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA)
administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The comprehensive economic development plan will assess the county's current
economic conditions and identify strategies the county can implement to create a
more favorable environment for business. The plan will consider workforce and
economic development issues, targeted industry sectors, real estate development
and re-development, business retention and expansion, small business
development, and implementation and performance measures for the plan. The
completed plan will help align economic development efforts in the county and
provide direction for future initiatives.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Market Rasen Mail

                                 April 14, 2004

'One-stop-shop' at the hub of services

LENGTH: 242 words


FOUNDATIONS have been set for a one-stop shop as a base from which to push
further community growth initiatives in Market Rasen.

The town's development trust has bought its premises at Union Street to
establish as The Hub from where it intends to set up a rural services centre
with offices, advice points and potentially a make-shift job centre.


The Hub has been bought outright and is to be brought up to scratch with a
£200,000 grant of regeneration cash from the Rural Tourism Development Area
Partnership, of which it is a partner.


The aim is to use the building as a base for West Lindsey District Council,
business and jobs advice, shared office space for small concerns and volunteer
organisations and maybe outreaches for Job Centre Plus, Citizens Advice Bureau,
Age Concern and domestic violence co-ordination.


Carol Skye, chairman of the Market Rasen Development Trust said : "This place is
going to be a community one-stop shop, a rural services centre, for people in
the town to access all manner of services, outreach and volunteer
opportunities."

"We are in talks with a number of agencies and organisation that want to
hot-desk and offer outreach from here."


The trust will be based there, as will Anne Mumby, community development worker
for grants body Racol, where the emphasis will be on continuing the work started
over the last four years in getting projects and enterprise off the ground

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                           © 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Community Innovation Grants

LENGTH: 339  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Bush Foundation
Deadlines  Oct 9, 2014
Contact

Phone: 651.379.2266
Email: CommunityInnovation@bushfoundation.org
Purpose

Community Innovation Grants awards funding to nonprofits working to create
effective, equitable, and sustainable changes in communities. Although
limitations aren't put on the types of projects, at least 50% of Community
Innovation grants will be awarded to projects that address racial and economic
disparities.

Examples of past projects include:

Funds were awarded to the First Children's Finance Fund which address rural
child care issues
    Funds were awarded to the Northfield Healthy Community Initiative which is
designed to achieve community-level change for children and youth
    Funds were awarded to Renewing the Countryside II which works to strengthen
local food systems in rural areas
    Funds were awarded to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe for culturally competent
health and wellness programs targeted for tribe members
    Funds were awarded to Men as Peacemakers which engages men with women in
preventing violence and promoting equity

Eligibility

501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations and government units are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $200,000
Award Floor: $500
Application
process

Applicants requesting between $10,000 - $200,000 must apply online. A link to
the online application process is available on the program website.
Applicants requesting between $500 - $10,000 must apply through one of the Bush
Foundation's community partners.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, American Indians, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians, Child care, Community development, Economic development, Food
and hunger, Health promotion and disease prevention, Housing and homelessness,
Men, People with disabilities, Wellness, Youth, Minnesota, North Dakota, South
Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

A serious focus on farmer health has been the theme

SECTION: OPIN; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 554 words


A serious focus on farmer health has been the theme over the past six months in
a pilot project for Queensland dairy farming families.

The Sustainable Farm Families workshops were conducted over two days in October
and two follow-up days in April.

The program is an initiative of Western District Health Service at Hamilton,
Victoria, and commenced in 2003 with a grant from the Joint Research Venture on
Farm Health and Safety managed by the Rural Industries Research and Development
Corporation.

The impetus for this came from the Australian Institute of Health that noted
"those who live in rural and remote areas generally have poorer health than
their major city counterparts".

Rural workers report increased substance abuse, low morale, depression and the
long hours of work that can lead to greater risks of accident and withdrawal
from community activities and involvement.

In 2005 Western District Health Service was awarded the first major community
development grant from the Geoffrey Gardiner Foundation to deliver the SFF
program to Victorian dairy farmers.

So, with this background about 20 dairy farmers volunteered or were volunteered
to attend the two workshops in Toowoomba.

When I say volunteered, it was more like being "dragged kicking and screaming"
to attend this workshop.

I think I fit into the category of the majority of rural males who would prefer
to put off health checks and are definitely not comfortable sharing personal
issues with other farmers.

When I looked around the room that first morning I am sure I wasn't the only
male in the room who was thinking about what tractor work I would prefer doing
at home.

The first two days covered the state of rural health, cardiovascular disease,
diabetes, farm health and safety, nutrition and diet, stress (or stressless) and
then, finally, wise women's and men's health.

At the conclusion of the first part of the course, participants chose personal
or farm targets that they wanted to achieve.

The follow-up in April covered mental health, cancer, physical activity,
respiratory health and also each gender getting better acquainted with specific
health issues of the opposite sex.

Susan Brumby, who has been the principal instigator of this program, gave us
blokes our in-depth rundown of wise women's health which led to some
inadvertently humorous moments.

No doubt the ladies also found out why blokes whinge about things sometimes.

As the outline of the workshop was related to the participants we all realised
how interconnected each of the health issues are and how we often don't fully
look after ourselves.

The facts presented on the human heart are a very sobering lesson:

l In an average lifetime the heart will pump over 3000 megalitres of blood.

l What would we pay for a pressure pump of that capacity that ran for 80 years
and didn't need a power source.

l If any of us went out and bought a $100,000 tractor and used dirty fuel and
never cleaned the filters, we wouldn't be surprised if it broke down.

But we are probably all guilty from time to time of not doing

the regular services that we all need.

This program was extremely beneficial for the participants.

The challenge for the indus-

try is to take the knowledge to a wider audience whether it be

at conferences or through other mediums.

l For more about the program, visit www.farmerhealth.org.au

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 23, 2014 Monday

Illinois: WIU Peace Corps Fellows Program Awarded $160K for 2014-15

LENGTH: 602  words

DATELINE: Springfield


Western Illinois University, The State of Illinois has issued the following news
release:

The Peace Corps Fellows (PCF) Program in Community Development at Western
Illinois University has been awarded close to $160,000 in funding from the
Corporation in National and Community Service (CNCS) to support its statewide
rural community development program in 2014-15. Announced by the Serve Illinois
Commission on Volunteerism and Community Service in early June, the $159,600
will enable WIU's PCF program to place 17 AmeriCorps members in small
communities and local organizations across the state to build capacity, engage
local volunteers and lead the implementation of such local projects as downtown
revitalization, business retention and expansion, tourism development, health
education and outreach and youth leadership development.

In addition, PCF Program Manager Karen Mauldin-Curtis said this year's grant
will focus on enhancing disaster preparedness in rural communities in Illinois.

"AmeriCorps members will work with local community leaders to create and/or
update disaster-response plans and access relevant training for leaders and
volunteers to implement them," she explained. "In anticipation of the new
initiative, the Peace Corps Fellows Program is participating in a statewide
pilot program designed to train AmeriCorps members and staff to assist with
onsite volunteer management in disaster response efforts."

According to Mauldin-Curtis, the program was awarded close to $30,000 more in
funds than last year from the CNCS, which will facilitate the service of two
additional AmeriCorps members (for a total of 17 members, up from 15 last year).

"The start date for this year's award is August 1 and will end July 31, 2015. We
received $29,600 more this year, and our community locations for the fall cohort
of full-time AmeriCorps members include placements at the McDonough County
Health Department, with the city of Rushville, at St. John's Hospital/Memorial
Hospital/Sangamon County Health Department and with the city of Neoga," she
noted.

Peace Corps Fellows and part-time AmeriCorps members will also be assigned to
the Macomb area with ongoing partners, such as with the Housing Authority of
McDonough County and with the Western Illinois Regional Council, among others.
In addition, four AmeriCorps members will be recruited, placed and supervised
through the PCF program's partnership with Illinois State University's Stevenson
Center.

"By the end of the program year, the AmeriCorps members will be responsible for
coordinating at least 50 volunteer-driven community projects, assisting with the
creation/revision of six community-wide disaster response plans and implementing
at least three volunteer management best practices at host sites. As part of
their service, the AmeriCorps members will engage a minimum of 500 community
volunteers across the state," Mauldin-Curtis said.

Since it was established in 1994 through the Illinois Institute for Rural
Affairs at WIU and grant funding from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, the PCF
Program in Community Development (among the first of its kind in the Paul D.
Coverdell Peace Corps Fellows Program Network) has expanded to serve students'
and communities' needs and kept to its core mission of providing service and
learning.

After each Peace Corps Fellow completes his or her coursework in one of the
graduate programs that partner with the PCF program at Western and then an
assistantship, he/she serves in an 11-month internship position in an
underserved rural community in Illinois.

For further information please visit: http://www.wiu.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday

Humboldt Area Foundation selects new community strategies director

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 204 words


The Humboldt Area Foundation has announced the selection of Jennifer Rice as
director of community strategies.

The foundation's Community Strategies Department is known for training and
resource programs through Cascadia Center for Leadership, the Rooney Resource
Center, the Community Center, Grassroots Leadership, Native Cultures Fund, the
development of collaborative community initiatives and discretionary grant
making.

"Jennifer Rice was offered the position after a rigorous search, which attracted
many qualified candidates" Peter H. Pennekamp, Humboldt Area Foundation's
executive director, said in a press release. "Jennifer Rice has been a leader in
community development and is known for many accomplishments, particularly in
rural transportation. She lives and breathes the values and practices of
community engagement and leadership that Humboldt Area Foundation works to
support."

Rice said in the press release, "Over the next few months of transition from
Redwood Community Action Agency to Humboldt Area Foundation, I am excited about
the opportunity to take the collaborative work and skills I have developed in
the last 15 years at RCAA and in other community work into new realms of
community development."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Grant Fund

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: ruralcommunityfund@agribank.com
Purpose

Grants to facilitate infrastructure improvement and/or development initiatives
encompassing housing projects, health, safety and environmental programs,
medical facilities, educational programs and more. Disbursements through this
fund are designated for projects and programs in communities surrounding rural
areas in western North Dakota.

Kinds of projects or programs accepted for the fund:

Multiple Family Housing
        Dwellings for the elderly needing assistance or on low or fixed incomes
        Young families and single parents on low incomes
    Health, safety, and environmental projects or programs
    Medical services, such as hospitals, clinics, and nursing care facilities
    Emergency services, such as ambulance, fire, hazardous materials, police and
first responders
    Environmental and conservation efforts
    Programs aimed at development of rural western North Dakota young leaders in
agriculture, economic development and local leadership
    Educational programs for kindergarten through twelfth grade
    Recreational facilities
    Arts, museums, and historical projects

Eligibility

Preference will be given to an organization that is qualified as a 501(c)(3)
entity under the IRS code.

Requests for funding from governmental authorities will also be considered, but
not at the federal, state or county levels. Other organizations may be
considered, but requests by or for the personal benefit of an individual will
not.
Geographic
coverage  Western North Dakota
Amount of
funding  Up to $50,000.
Application
process

Applications are available at any local branch or main office of Farm Credit
Services of Mandan or Farm Credit Services of North Dakota and at
http://www.agribank.com. Grant applications will be evaluated on a quarterly
basis.

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Arts and culture, Community development, Economic
development, Economic development, Health promotion and disease prevention,
Health services, Hospice and palliative care, Hospitals and clinics, Housing and
homelessness, Parks and recreation, Wellness, North Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Grant Fund

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: ruralcommunityfund@agribank.com
Purpose

Grants to facilitate infrastructure improvement and/or development initiatives
encompassing housing projects, health, safety and environmental programs,
medical facilities, educational programs and more. Disbursements through this
fund are designated for projects and programs in communities surrounding rural
areas in western North Dakota.

Kinds of projects or programs accepted for the fund:

Multiple Family Housing
        Dwellings for the elderly needing assistance or on low or fixed incomes
        Young families and single parents on low incomes
    Health, safety, and environmental projects or programs
    Medical services, such as hospitals, clinics, and nursing care facilities
    Emergency services, such as ambulance, fire, hazardous materials, police and
first responders
    Environmental and conservation efforts
    Programs aimed at development of rural western North Dakota young leaders in
agriculture, economic development and local leadership
    Educational programs for kindergarten through twelfth grade
    Recreational facilities
    Arts, museums, and historical projects

Eligibility

Preference will be given to an organization that is qualified as a 501(c)(3)
entity under the IRS code.

Requests for funding from governmental authorities will also be considered, but
not at the federal, state or county levels. Other organizations may be
considered, but requests by or for the personal benefit of an individual will
not.
Geographic
coverage  Western North Dakota
Amount of
funding  Up to $50,000.
Application
process

Applications are available at any local branch or main office of Farm Credit
Services of Mandan or Farm Credit Services of North Dakota and at
http://www.agribank.com. Grant applications will be evaluated on a quarterly
basis.

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Arts and culture, Community development, Economic
development, Economic development, Health promotion and disease prevention,
Health services, Hospice and palliative care, Hospitals and clinics, Housing and
homelessness, Parks and recreation, Wellness, North Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Community Grant Fund

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: ruralcommunityfund@agribank.com
Purpose

Grants to facilitate infrastructure improvement and/or development initiatives
encompassing housing projects, health, safety and environmental programs,
medical facilities, educational programs and more. Disbursements through this
fund are designated for projects and programs in communities surrounding rural
areas in western North Dakota.

Kinds of projects or programs accepted for the fund:

Multiple Family Housing
        Dwellings for the elderly needing assistance or on low or fixed incomes
        Young families and single parents on low incomes
    Health, safety, and environmental projects or programs
    Medical services, such as hospitals, clinics, and nursing care facilities
    Emergency services, such as ambulance, fire, hazardous materials, police and
first responders
    Environmental and conservation efforts
    Programs aimed at development of rural western North Dakota young leaders in
agriculture, economic development and local leadership
    Educational programs for kindergarten through twelfth grade
    Recreational facilities
    Arts, museums, and historical projects

Eligibility

Preference will be given to an organization that is qualified as a 501(c)(3)
entity under the IRS code.

Requests for funding from governmental authorities will also be considered, but
not at the federal, state or county levels. Other organizations may be
considered, but requests by or for the personal benefit of an individual will
not.
Geographic
coverage  Western North Dakota
Amount of
funding  Up to $50,000.
Application
process

Applications are available at any local branch or main office of Farm Credit
Services of Mandan or Farm Credit Services of North Dakota and at
http://www.agribank.com. Grant applications will be evaluated on a quarterly
basis.

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Arts and culture, Community development, Economic
development, Economic development, Health promotion and disease prevention,
Health services, Hospice and palliative care, Hospitals and clinics, Housing and
homelessness, Parks and recreation, Wellness, North Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Community Grant Fund

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: ruralcommunityfund@agribank.com
Purpose

Grants to facilitate infrastructure improvement and/or development initiatives
encompassing housing projects, health, safety and environmental programs,
medical facilities, educational programs and more. Disbursements through this
fund are designated for projects and programs in communities surrounding rural
areas in western North Dakota.

Kinds of projects or programs accepted for the fund:

Multiple Family Housing
        Dwellings for the elderly needing assistance or on low or fixed incomes
        Young families and single parents on low incomes
    Health, safety, and environmental projects or programs
    Medical services, such as hospitals, clinics, and nursing care facilities
    Emergency services, such as ambulance, fire, hazardous materials, police and
first responders
    Environmental and conservation efforts
    Programs aimed at development of rural western North Dakota young leaders in
agriculture, economic development and local leadership
    Educational programs for kindergarten through twelfth grade
    Recreational facilities
    Arts, museums, and historical projects

Eligibility

Preference will be given to an organization that is qualified as a 501(c)(3)
entity under the IRS code.

Requests for funding from governmental authorities will also be considered, but
not at the federal, state or county levels. Other organizations may be
considered, but requests by or for the personal benefit of an individual will
not.
Geographic
coverage  Western North Dakota
Amount of
funding  Up to $50,000.
Application
process

Applications are available at any local branch or main office of Farm Credit
Services of Mandan or Farm Credit Services of North Dakota and at
http://www.agribank.com. Grant applications will be evaluated on a quarterly
basis.

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Arts and culture, Community development, Economic
development, Economic development, Health promotion and disease prevention,
Health services, Hospice and palliative care, Hospitals and clinics, Housing and
homelessness, Parks and recreation, Wellness, North Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Grant Fund

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: ruralcommunityfund@agribank.com
Purpose

Grants to facilitate infrastructure improvement and/or development initiatives
encompassing housing projects, health, safety and environmental programs,
medical facilities, educational programs and more. Disbursements through this
fund are designated for projects and programs in communities surrounding rural
areas in western North Dakota.

Kinds of projects or programs accepted for the fund:

Multiple Family Housing
        Dwellings for the elderly needing assistance or on low or fixed incomes
        Young families and single parents on low incomes
    Health, safety, and environmental projects or programs
    Medical services, such as hospitals, clinics, and nursing care facilities
    Emergency services, such as ambulance, fire, hazardous materials, police and
first responders
    Environmental and conservation efforts
    Programs aimed at development of rural western North Dakota young leaders in
agriculture, economic development and local leadership
    Educational programs for kindergarten through twelfth grade
    Recreational facilities
    Arts, museums, and historical projects

Eligibility

Preference will be given to an organization that is qualified as a 501(c)(3)
entity under the IRS code.

Requests for funding from governmental authorities will also be considered, but
not at the federal, state or county levels. Other organizations may be
considered, but requests by or for the personal benefit of an individual will
not.
Geographic
coverage  Western North Dakota
Amount of
funding  Up to $50,000.
Application
process

Applications are available at any local branch or main office of Farm Credit
Services of Mandan or Farm Credit Services of North Dakota and at
http://www.agribank.com. Grant applications will be evaluated on a quarterly
basis.

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Arts and culture, Community development, Economic
development, Economic development, Health promotion and disease prevention,
Health services, Hospice and palliative care, Hospitals and clinics, Housing and
homelessness, Parks and recreation, Wellness, North Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Community Grant Fund

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: ruralcommunityfund@agribank.com
Purpose

Grants to facilitate infrastructure improvement and/or development initiatives
encompassing housing projects, health, safety and environmental programs,
medical facilities, educational programs and more. Disbursements through this
fund are designated for projects and programs in communities surrounding rural
areas in western North Dakota.

Kinds of projects or programs accepted for the fund:

Multiple Family Housing
        Dwellings for the elderly needing assistance or on low or fixed incomes
        Young families and single parents on low incomes
    Health, safety, and environmental projects or programs
    Medical services, such as hospitals, clinics, and nursing care facilities
    Emergency services, such as ambulance, fire, hazardous materials, police and
first responders
    Environmental and conservation efforts
    Programs aimed at development of rural western North Dakota young leaders in
agriculture, economic development and local leadership
    Educational programs for kindergarten through twelfth grade
    Recreational facilities
    Arts, museums, and historical projects

Eligibility

Preference will be given to an organization that is qualified as a 501(c)(3)
entity under the IRS code.

Requests for funding from governmental authorities will also be considered, but
not at the federal, state or county levels. Other organizations may be
considered, but requests by or for the personal benefit of an individual will
not.
Geographic
coverage  Western North Dakota
Amount of
funding  Up to $50,000.
Application
process

Applications are available at any local branch or main office of Farm Credit
Services of Mandan or Farm Credit Services of North Dakota and at
http://www.agribank.com. Grant applications will be evaluated on a quarterly
basis.

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Arts and culture, Community development, Economic
development, Economic development, Health promotion and disease prevention,
Health services, Hospice and palliative care, Hospitals and clinics, Housing and
homelessness, Parks and recreation, Wellness, North Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Community Grant Fund

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Email: ruralcommunityfund@agribank.com
Purpose

Grants to facilitate infrastructure improvement and/or development initiatives
encompassing housing projects, health, safety and environmental programs,
medical facilities, educational programs and more. Disbursements through this
fund are designated for projects and programs in communities surrounding rural
areas in western North Dakota.

Kinds of projects or programs accepted for the fund:

Multiple Family Housing
        Dwellings for the elderly needing assistance or on low or fixed incomes
        Young families and single parents on low incomes
    Health, safety, and environmental projects or programs
    Medical services, such as hospitals, clinics, and nursing care facilities
    Emergency services, such as ambulance, fire, hazardous materials, police and
first responders
    Environmental and conservation efforts
    Programs aimed at development of rural western North Dakota young leaders in
agriculture, economic development and local leadership
    Educational programs for kindergarten through twelfth grade
    Recreational facilities
    Arts, museums, and historical projects

Eligibility

Preference will be given to an organization that is qualified as a 501(c)(3)
entity under the IRS code.

Requests for funding from governmental authorities will also be considered, but
not at the federal, state or county levels. Other organizations may be
considered, but requests by or for the personal benefit of an individual will
not.
Geographic
coverage  Western North Dakota
Amount of
funding  Up to $50,000.
Application
process

Applications are available at any local branch or main office of Farm Credit
Services of Mandan or Farm Credit Services of North Dakota and at
http://www.agribank.com. Grant applications will be evaluated on a quarterly
basis.

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Arts and culture, Community development, Economic
development, Economic development, Health promotion and disease prevention,
Health services, Hospice and palliative care, Hospitals and clinics, Housing and
homelessness, Parks and recreation, Wellness, North Dakota

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sun (Mount Vernon, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 13, 2014

CDG, Main Street Iowa conduct local market study

BYLINE: The Sun staff

LENGTH: 349  words


Community residents and local business persons will have the opportunity to take
part in a market study being conducted by the Mount Vernon-Lisbon Community
Development Group (CDG) in association with Main Street Iowa.

A special project team assembled by CDG initiated work last week on the project.
CDG and Main Street Iowa are conducting the study to fine-tune and enhance
business development and marketing strategies in both communities.

The study will include an in-depth analysis of input to be collected from local
businesses and consumer surveys in April and May. Also included will be an
assessment of the business climate, review of current demographics, and economic
data to identify possible opportunities for business retention and expansion.
The culmination of the process will be a goal-setting session for CDG and
recommendations to city and business leaders.

Members of the local team include John Bardsley, Mitch Bloomquist, Kevin
Carpenter, Deb Herrmann, Joe Jennison, Bill Niemi, Sonia Redmond, Ed Sauter,
James (JT) Thompson and Mike Turner.

"The raw data and numbers that we're reviewing now is good, important
information, but we'll be digging deeper to explore opportunities for
communities," said Herrmann, chair of the committee. "We're excited to gather
the perspectives and ideas of Mount Vernon and Lisbon residents, visitors and
business persons. Through this information we hope to get a better sense of what
the economic direction for Mount Vernon and Lisbon could look like in the
future."

Mount Vernon-Lisbon is one of six communities receiving technical assistance and
support from Main Street Iowa in 2014 to complete a local market study. The
United States Department of Agriculture Rural Community Development Initiative
funding and Community Development Block Grant funding were procured by the Iowa
Economic Development Authority to underwrite market analysis training and
technical assistance furnished to the six Main Street Iowa Communities.

For more information about the study, including opportunities to participate,
contact Herrmann at treasurer@visitmvl.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2014 The Sun (Mount Vernon, Iowa)


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 21, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

105 areas to get 'empowered'

BYLINE: Bill Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 340 words


The Clinton administration today will designate 105 communities empowerment
zones or enterprise communities as part of a $ 3.8 billion community development
initiative.

After heated competition among 520 applicants, White House officials said a
100-person, multi-agency team chose:

-- Six urban empowerment zones: Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Detroit, New York
and Philadelphia/Camden, N.J.

Each zone will receive $ 100 million in social service grants as well as tax
credits designed to bring industry to the area.

-- Three rural empowerment zones: Kentucky Highlands (Clinton, Jackson and Wayne
counties); Mid-Delta Mississippi (Bolivar, Holmes, Humphreys and Leflore
counties) and Rio Grande Valley, Texas (Cameron, Hidalgo, Starr and Willacy
counties).

Each rural area will get up to $ 40 million in grants and an array of tax
incentives.

In addition, the administration will create two supplemental zones in Los
Angeles and Cleveland. Los Angeles will receive $ 125 million and Cleveland $
100 million.

Clinton also will ask for $ 500 million in his budget next year to give full
empowerment zone status to Cleveland and Los Angeles, the White House said.

And 90 communities will be named as urban and rural enterprise communities,
making them eligible for grants worth up to $ 3 million and limited tax credits.

Also, Boston, Houston, Kansas City - Kansas and Missouri - and Oakland, Calif.,
will be named named enhanced enterprise communities, making each eligible for $
25 million in grants.

All the areas - though primarily the nine empowerment zones - will share in $
2.5 billion in tax incentives designed to attract industry.

The enterprise/empowerment zone policy was proposed by Clinton last year as a
way to offer large-scale federal tax breaks, tax incentives and local authority
to waive costly bureaucratic regulations.

Each area had to submit detailed economic plans.

The grants will be used for a wide range of projects, from child care centers to
community policing to economic development.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

THE NATION; See related story; 08A

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 14, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Bush Plans Sharp Cuts in HUD Community Efforts

BYLINE: Jonathan Weisman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 998 words


The White House will seek to drastically shrink the Department of Housing and
Urban Development's $8 billion community branch, purging dozens of economic
development projects, scrapping a rural housing program and folding high-profile
anti-poverty efforts into the Labor and Commerce departments, administration
officials said yesterday.

The proposal in the upcoming 2006 budget would make good on President Bush's vow
to eliminate or consolidate what he sees as duplicative or ineffective programs.
Officials said yesterday that economic development programs are scattered too
widely in the government and have proved particularly ineffectual at HUD.

Advocates for the poor, however, contended that the White House is trying to gut
federal programs for the poorest Americans to make way for tax cuts, a mission
to Mars and other presidential priorities. Administration officials would not
say how much the consolidation would save, but it could lead to steep funding
cuts. That is because the HUD programs would have to compete for resources in
Commerce and Labor budgets that are not likely to expand to accommodate the
shuffle.

"I'm always willing to look at consolidation, but clearly they're using
consolidation as a shield for substantial budget reductions," said Rep. Barney
Frank (Mass.), the ranking Democrat on the Financial Services Committee, which
has jurisdiction over housing and community development programs.

The plan was detailed in a December memo from the White House Office of
Management and Budget to HUD. The document provides one of the first concrete
examples of the types of cuts in the works as the administration comes to grips
with a soaring deficit.

"The purpose of the exercise has nothing to do with achieving or not achieving
savings," said one administration official, who spoke on the condition of
anonymity to avoid preempting the Feb. 7 release of the president's fiscal 2006
budget request.

"What we are trying to accomplish is to meet our obligation to people living in
distressed communities, to hold communities accountable for helping those people
and to become more efficient in the process," another official said.

Congressional housing aides say the $4.7 billion Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program -- the bulk of the community planning budget -- could be
cut as much as 50 percent. Cities have become dependent on HUD's development
programs, especially the CDBG, which has existed for 30 years, city officials
said. Stanley Jackson, director of the D.C. Department of Housing and Community
Development, said the city has used CDBG grants of $21 million to $22 million a
year for clinics, recreation centers, day-care facilities, literacy programs and
housing development.

With housing and property values skyrocketing, the need for such programs for
low-income families has never been higher, he said.

"If this is a backdoor way of eliminating a program like CDBG, it would have a
profoundly negative impact on cities," said Jim Hunt, a vice president of the
National League of Cities and a city council member in Clarksburg, W.Va.

Under the plan, the CDBG program -- which provides multipurpose development
grants to state and local governments -- would be sent to the Commerce
Department. The Urban Empowerment Zones and the Renewal Community programs --
both of which offer tax incentives for development in urban or other troubled
areas -- would also go to Commerce, as would the Brownfields Economic
Development Initiative, designed to revitalize abandoned industrial sites.

Youthbuild USA, a $62 million program to teach teens home-construction skills,
would be sent to the Labor Department. The $24 million rural housing and
economic development program would probably be eliminated.

HUD would maintain the Home Investment Partnerships to build or buy affordable
housing, homeless assistance programs and housing assistance for AIDS sufferers.
The budget would eliminate $260 million in economic development projects
earmarked for this year by lawmakers. HUD could ultimately lose a quarter of its
$31 billion budget.

White House officials said HUD employees would have to stay on the job to
oversee outstanding grants for some time. But with Bush promising an aggressive
attack on domestic spending, the 817 HUD community planning and development
employees are girding for the worst.

"It's a body blow," said one career employee, who spoke on the condition of
anonymity for fear of being fired.

The proposal could face an uphill fight in Congress, said Frank, who called the
proposal "just appalling." With budgets tight, vested interests in the Commerce
and Labor departments would be expected to favor their programs over the
newcomers from HUD. "It wouldn't even be a fair fight," he said.

Moreover, HUD has evolved into an agency designed to support urban interests and
low-income citizens, while Commerce and Labor are more receptive to business
needs. Indeed, community development programs at HUD are far larger than those
at Commerce and Labor, said Saul Ramirez Jr., executive director of the National
Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials and a former deputy secretary
of housing. The Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration has a
$320 million budget, a fraction of CDBG's allocation.

"If there are any programs in Commerce that encourage direct economic
development to some of the most disadvantaged and blighted areas, those programs
are dwarfed by these programs," he said. "If [consolidation] is what they want,
the reverse should be proposed."

One White House official agreed that HUD programs have more of a community
focus, while the Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration is
more interested in economic growth. But, he said, "they're funding a lot of the
same things."

HUD's city focus may be why the White House is dismantling the HUD programs,
Frank charged. "HUD is the place where mayors and urban interests can put up the
strongest fight," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            December 26, 2011 Monday

Poland: Modern Management of the Gotania Subregion

LENGTH: 338  words


Amount of the Swiss grant: US $ 4,423,391.74 (CHF 4%138%048)
Total budget of the project: US $ 4,784,670.05 (CHF 4%476%021)


Date of grant approval: 22.02.2011
Date of completion: ongoing
The project aims at developing the local entrepreneurship and the tourism offer
by promoting local potentials, particularly in the field of culture, history,
art and handicraft.
Theme/Focus Area: Security/ Stability/ Reforms
Regional Development
Target Group: 10 local government entities, SMEs, NGOs, individuals of rural
areas, willing to develop small business
Context: The Lubelskie Region suffers from low level of GDP as well from a acute
socioeconomic crisis. The area around the urban commune of Hrubieszow, concerned
by the programme, is considered to be among the poorest in Poland and
characterized by poor educational level, poor infrastructure development, poor
social and economical development and lack of entrepreneurial initiatives.
Goals: The project aims at exploiting the endogenic potential of the region for
social and economic development particularly in the field of tourism. Inspired
by archaeological findings the project will promote local potentials and develop
the tourism offer in order to possibly attract clients/tourists, strenghten
entrepreneurship and improve the investment attractiveness of the area
Activities: The project will finance: 1) Creation and management of three funds,
for human resource development, for community development initiatives and for
entrepreneurship development; 2) Job and career counselling; 3) Organisation of
training courses related to entrepreneurship skills development; 4) Support and
creation and events and material for tourism and regional products promotion
Results: The expected results are:
70 new small businesses established
660 new tourism workers trained
1000 pupils coached
New Gotania tourism offer recognized and available in the market
Gotania tourism offer presented in 8 sector fairs
20 thousand tourists visiting Gotania per year

country :Poland
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 11, 2010 Sunday

MORE REVIEW FOR AREA PLAN

BYLINE: LOGAN NEILL, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



HIGHLIGHT: Community leaders want time to ponder an agreement that would seek
grants to improve south Brooksville.


After months spent discussing what is needed to improve and revitalize the
long-neglected community of south Brooksville, members of the South Brooksville
Community Initiatives Team were hopeful that a consensus had been reached that
would pave the way for going after the millions of dollars in government grants.

But after officials unveiled a draft of the long-anticipated inter-local
agreement between Hernando County and the city of Brooksville on Thursday
evening, some community leaders said they would like more time to review the
10-page document, which spells out a comprehensive overhaul to the area's water
and sewer systems, plus improvements to streets and drainage.

"(People in the community) need some time to digest it," Brooksville City
Council member Frankie Burnett told Community Initiatives Team members. "We've
got one chance to get it right, so we want to make sure it's right before we go
on."

Burnett's concerns were echoed by several other community members, including
Bishop Herman Scriven, Paul Douglas and Richard Howell, all of whom favored
having an attorney of their choosing go over the proposal. County Administrator
David Hamilton said he saw no problem with scrutinizing the agreement, just as
long as all parties are aware that a June 1 deadline is looming to apply for
several of the government grants that would help turn dreams into reality.

"We want to make sure we don't want to run out of time here," Hamilton said.

The inter-local agreement worked out by county and city attorneys calls for the
establishment of an enterprise zone called the South Brooksville Planned
Development District, which would work jointly with the county and the city to
obtain funding for the revitalization project.

According to Hamilton, the proposed price tag for the initial phase is $6
million, which would be paid for primarily through federal Community Development
Block Grants and other rural development programs. He added, however, that
"we'll be going after any and all available funds."

Douglas said that although he and other community activists applaud the efforts
by the county and the city to get the ball rolling, he's concerned that the rush
to meet deadlines has kept many in community in the dark.

"There are a lot of people in south Brooksville who would have liked to have had
some input in the plan," Douglas said. "After all, they're the ones who have to
live with the changes."

Douglas said that after an outside attorney has had a chance to review the
inter-local agreement, he and other community leaders intend to meet with south
Brooksville residents. Whatever concerns they have would then be taken back to
the Community Initiatives Team.

"To me, it's the most constructive way to do it," Douglas said. "People in this
community have waited a long time. It needs to be done right."

Logan Neill can be reached at lneill@sptimes.com or (352) 848-1435.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "We've got one chance to get it right," City Council member
Frankie Burnett says of the plan. PHOTO: County Administrator David Hamilton
warns of the June 1 deadline for grants.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Udall, Heinrich Announce More Than $1 Million in Funding to Promote Agriculture
Marketing in New Mexico

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Udall, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced $538,279 in funding
to New Mexico organizations to help farmers and ranchers develop new market
opportunities for their products. The grants, provided through U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Farmers Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program (FMLFPP),
will support a wide array of local projects designed to bolster economic
opportunities for family farmers, support rural communities and increase access
to fresh, healthy food. Udall and Heinrich also announced that New Mexico State
University will receive $499,191 under the Organic Research and Extension
Initiative (OREI) to improve competitiveness of organic livestock and crop
producers.

Seven New Mexico organizations will receive up to $100,000 each in FMLFPP grants
to support various initiatives to increase awareness and availability of
locally-sourced agricultural products. For example, Delicious New Mexico (Rio
Grande Community Development Corporation) will receive $100,000 to provide
outreach, marketing, training and technical assistance to improve and expand the
Española Food Hub into an incubation hub for Northern New Mexico food
businesses. The Pueblo of Pojoaque will receive $44,616 for promotional
activities, expanded services and season and vendor recruitment to grow the
Pojoaque Farmers Market.

"Farmers markets and food hubs benefit New Mexican communities by expanding
opportunities for local farmers and ranchers while providing residents with the
option to purchase locally-grown, healthy food," Udall said. "This funding will
help ensure that family farmers can continue to strengthen their marketing
efforts to provide all residents with access to nutritious food, as well as to
expand into the growing organic marketplace. Every dollar spent at a farmers
market or food hub is multiplied several times over in the local community, and
this means local dollars supporting local foods and growing local economies."

"Connecting our communities to their local farmers and produce markets increases
options for families to purchase healthy, locally-grown food, and it helps boost
the economy at the same time," Heinrich said. "Through investments in marketing
outreach and training, small family farmers and ranchers -- especially in our
rural and tribal communities -- will have the tools necessary to attract more
business while providing fresh food options to New Mexicans. I will continue to
support these important investment programs that help our local agriculture
industry to succeed."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

Utah: El Pomar Foundation

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Toll Free: 800.554.7711
Local: 719.633.7733
Email: grants@elpomar.org
Purpose

The El Pomar Foundation is a general purpose foundation, which supports grants
for Colorado nonprofit organizations across a broad spectrum of focus areas,
including: arts and culture, civic and community initiatives, education, health,
and human services.
Eligibility

The Foundation is limited to providing grant support to Colorado nonprofit
organizations and activities that take place within Colorado.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Up to $100,000
Application
process

The Trustees have established no set form for grant applications. A proposal
should include a concise statement of the project according to the requirements
described in the Applying for a Grant section of the program website.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Aging, Arts and culture, Capital
funding, Children, Community development, Health services, Hospitals and
clinics, Housing and homelessness, People with disabilities, Schools, Veteran
Health, Women, Youth, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: El Pomar Foundation

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Toll Free: 800.554.7711
Local: 719.633.7733
Email: grants@elpomar.org
Purpose

The El Pomar Foundation is a general purpose foundation, which supports grants
for Colorado nonprofit organizations across a broad spectrum of focus areas,
including: arts and culture, civic and community initiatives, education, health,
and human services.
Eligibility

The Foundation is limited to providing grant support to Colorado nonprofit
organizations and activities that take place within Colorado.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Up to $100,000
Application
process

The Trustees have established no set form for grant applications. A proposal
should include a concise statement of the project according to the requirements
described in the Applying for a Grant section of the program website.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Aging, Arts and culture, Capital
funding, Children, Community development, Health services, Hospitals and
clinics, Housing and homelessness, People with disabilities, Schools, Veteran
Health, Women, Youth, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Utah: El Pomar Foundation

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Toll Free: 800.554.7711
Local: 719.633.7733
Email: grants@elpomar.org
Purpose

The El Pomar Foundation is a general purpose foundation, which supports grants
for Colorado nonprofit organizations across a broad spectrum of focus areas,
including: arts and culture, civic and community initiatives, education, health,
and human services.
Eligibility

The Foundation is limited to providing grant support to Colorado nonprofit
organizations and activities that take place within Colorado.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Up to $100,000
Application
process

The Trustees have established no set form for grant applications. A proposal
should include a concise statement of the project according to the requirements
described in the Applying for a Grant section of the program website.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Aging, Arts and culture, Capital
funding, Children, Community development, Health services, Hospitals and
clinics, Housing and homelessness, People with disabilities, Schools, Veteran
Health, Women, Youth, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: El Pomar Foundation

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Toll Free: 800.554.7711
Local: 719.633.7733
Email: grants@elpomar.org
Purpose

The El Pomar Foundation is a general purpose foundation, which supports grants
for Colorado nonprofit organizations across a broad spectrum of focus areas,
including: arts and culture, civic and community initiatives, education, health,
and human services.
Eligibility

The Foundation is limited to providing grant support to Colorado nonprofit
organizations and activities that take place within Colorado.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Up to $100,000
Application
process

The Trustees have established no set form for grant applications. A proposal
should include a concise statement of the project according to the requirements
described in the Applying for a Grant section of the program website.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Aging, Arts and culture, Capital
funding, Children, Community development, Health services, Hospitals and
clinics, Housing and homelessness, People with disabilities, Schools, Veteran
Health, Women, Youth, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                August 13, 2012

WASHINGTON WATCH

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: MISCELLANEOUS; Pg. 10 Vol. 16 No. 32

LENGTH: 869  words


THIS YEAR'S CDFI GRANTS

EXCEED $18 MILLION FOR CUS

WASHINGTON-The Treasury Department awarded more than $17 million in grants to 21
credit unions and CU organizations last week under the 2012 round of the
Community Development Financial Institutions Program.

The biggest award was a $2-million grant to ASI FCU, Harahan, La., to provide
low-interest loans for healthy food initiatives. ASI also won a seperate
$1.5-million grant to help it provide low-cost mortgages for African-Americans
and Latinos.

The National Federation of Community Development CUs received $1.5 million; the
North Carolina Community Support Center received almost $1 million; and the El
Paso CU Affordable Housing LLC got $100,000.

"This year's awardees will continue to provide vital financial services in
low-income areas that are typically overlooked by traditional lenders, bettering
the lives of Americans nationwide.," said Donna Gambrell, director of the CDFI
program.

Among the award winners:

* NATCO CU, Richmond, Ind., will use its $313,000 grant to create the NATCO
Community Resource Center, serving low- and very low-income, asset-poor
individuals in its target market of Wayne, Indiana.

* Shreveport (Louisiana) FCU will use its $1.3 million as capital to establish
the Shreveport Healthy Farm Financing Initiative, a small business farm lending
program in the Mississippi Delta.

* Communicating Arts CU, Detroit, will use its $1 million as lending capital for
blended-rate auto loans and other products.

* Guadalupe CU, Santa Fe, N.M., will use its $250,000 to expand services and
deepen its relationship to the underserved target market, and also intends to
open two storefront branches while maintaining safe capital reserves.

* Brooklyn (N.Y.) Cooperative FCU will use its $950,000 for capital, loan loss
reserves to increase its lending and its ability to provide services to its
target market.

* The National Federation of CDCUs will use its $1.5 million award to deploy
secondary capital loans and reserves to organizations located in distressed
census tracts.

* Latino Community CU in North Carolina will use its $1.5 million as equity
capital to support asset growth associated with its recent branch and product
expansion.

* Self-Help FCU in California will use its $1.5 million to provide home and
consumer lending to 50 highly distressed census tracts in Kern and Tulare
counties in California.

The CDFI Program awarded 210 organizations a total of $187 million this year,
its biggest round of funding in its 18-year history. This year's awards also
included almost $1 million to Native American groups to build two new credit
unions on Indian reservations and to expand two others as part of its Native
American CDFI Assistance program.

The awards included a $147,000 grant to the Lakota (Sioux) Federal CU Steering
Committee, which is chartering a credit union on the Sioux Reservation in Kyle,
S.D. The project received a $150,000 CDFI grant last year and is expected to be
approved by NCUA in the coming months. The Pine Ridge Lakota Reservation covers
70,000 square miles in the western third of South Dakota and is home to 40,000
Native Americans, but it does not have a single bank or CU.

The Treasury also awarded $111,000 to the Ho-Chunk Community Development
Corporation in Walthill, Neb., which is planning to charter a credit union for
the Winnebago tribe.

Two Hawaiian CUs serving Native Hawaiian people also received grants. The
Molokai Community FCU will use its $376,000 to provide housing related support
to Native Hawaiians who have received land from the Department of Hawaiian
Homelands. And the Prince Kuhio FCU will use its $364,000 grant to implement its
Ho'ola Loan Program, which will provide unsecured loans as credit building
alternatives to payday loans.

CFPB EASES REMITTANCE RULE

FOR SMALL CUS AND BANKS

WASHINGTON-The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said last week credit unions
and banks with fewer than 100 remittances per year are exempt from a requirement
that providers of international money transfers provide upfront fee disclosures.

The bureau's final rule, which updated an earlier regulation on remittances,
appeared aimed at soothing concerns that the fee requirements unduly harmed
low-volume providers.

The CFPB previously had proposed a threshold of 25 transfers per year for
exempting providers. "We recognize that in regulations, one size does not
necessarily fit all," said CFPB Director Richard Cordray. "The final remittance
rule will protect the overwhelming majority of consumers while making the
process easier for community banks, credit unions and other small providers that
do not send many remittance transfers."

Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB was required to write a rule affording
protections for remittance users, including that institutions disclose fees,
exchange rates and how much a recipient in an international money transfer would
receive.

The latest final rule provides a six-month transition period to comply with the
new restrictions for institutions that had less than 100 remittances in the
previous year but subsequently crossed the threshold. The rule also allows some
flexibility for remittance transfers that are scheduled in advance of the actual
transfer.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Times-News (Twin Falls, Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 15, 2006 Friday

State hopes $300,000 grant will go to rural Idaho

BYLINE: Jared S. Hopkins, The Times-News, Twin Falls, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


Dec. 15--TWIN FALLS -- For the farmers and ranchers in Idaho discovering the
nuances in planning ahead for growth, don't worry. Help is on the way.

The Idaho Department of Commerce and Labor plans to allocate less than half the
$250,000 for rural assistance approved by the state Legislature last session,
and divide the remaining funds after the federal government decides whether to
approve a $300,000 grant request.

Earlier this year, the Legislature passed a bill to assist rapidly growing rural
cities in Idaho but whose budgets are too small to provide training and address
planning and zoning concerns. As a result, the Department of Commerce and Labor
took 33 applications from cities for the assistance and awarded funding to 12 in
Valley, Adams, Shoshone, Teton and Blaine counties.

In the Magic Valley, Bellevue and Carey are scheduled to get money but plan to
give some money to Fairfield. The federal grant would help the 21 cities
originally denied.

The program, expected to be in full swing by the spring, will be used to help
cities in planning and zoning, the management of subdivisions and comprehensive
plans, said Greg Seibert, an economic development specialist with the Department
of Commerce and Labor.

"It was targeted at communities that all of a sudden found themselves in the way
of development," Seibert said. "This gives them some money to try and catch up."

The Department of Commerce and Labor on Oct. 10 requested an additional $300,000
from the federal Rural Community Development Initiative, which is under the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. A decision is expected by Jan. 1.

House Minority Leader Wendy Jaquet, D-Ketchum, who co-sponsored the bill with
Rep. Clete Edmunson, R-Council, said the training will benefit the communities.

"I'm really excited about the money," Jaquet said. "We don't need to reinvent
the wheel. We just need to understand what the wheel is."

The difference between the two kinds of funding is that while the state itself
chose the cities getting state money, the federal government determines by its
own standards the recipients of the grant. As a result, some cities, such as
Bellevue because of its population size, would not meet the federal standards
and were awarded state funds to ensure they will receive some assistance.

Regardless of whether the state receives the federal grant, any money used would
be primarily paid to consultants to help individual cities and less than 10
percent of the funding for each city will be used for training city workers and
elected officials, Seibert said.

The Idaho Department of Commerce and Labor is talking with the Association of
Idaho Cities about providing the training.

Ken Harward, executive director of the AIC, confirmed there are discussions, but
said nothing is finalized.

"Yes, we do see that as a possibility," he said. "Any area of life does require
some training to have a certain level of proficiency."

Reporter Jared S. Hopkins can be reached at (208) 735-3204 or
jhopkins@magicvalley.com

Copyright (c) 2006, The Times-News, Twin Falls, Idaho Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20061215-TW-1215-State-hopes-300,000-grant-will-go-to-rural-Idaho

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TW


                           Copyright 2006 Times-News


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          December 19, 2007 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

USDA grant to help 2 Maine organizations

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 109 words


Two organizations in northern and eastern Maine will share more than $250,000 in
grant funding that was announced recently by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Down East Resource Conservation and Development, a nonprofit agency based in
Cherryfield, will receive $174,000 to develop a youth leadership program.

The Northern Maine Development Commission in Caribou will receive $90,083 in
funding to provide digital video training modules to assist municipalities with
development projects.

The grants, announced on Monday, were part of more than $6.2 million awarded
throughout 23 states as part of the USDA's rural community development
initiative program.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.
Tobie Blanchard

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Louisiana: LSU AgCenter researcher receives grant to study rural wealth

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently awarded $14 million in grants
through its Agriculture Food and Research Initiative to support programs aimed
at increasing prosperity in rural America. Matt Fannin, LSU AgCenter economist
and associate professor in the LSU College of Agriculture, is part of a group
that received $500,000 to study rural communities and regional development.

Fannin said he will focus on measuring and modeling rural wealth for sustainable
and broad-based rural prosperity.

"In our society, we measure what we value - the number of jobs created,
unemployment rate. We want to find more effective ways of measuring wealth,
particularly some of these wealth measures that are not traded in the
marketplace," Fannin said.

Fannin leads a team that includes Tom Johnson, of the Rural Policy Research
Institute at the University of Missouri, and John Pender, of the USDA Economic
Research Service.

Through the grant, the team will look for methods to price different types of
wealth assets in rural communities. Fannin said measuring the value that natural
wealth such as lakes and rivers as well as social and cultural capital of rural
places adds to the value of marketable assets such as residential homes.

"If we can measure their value, then we have a way to understand how to more
effectively invest in those assets and look at how they generate returns," he
said.

Results from research can influence policy makers to look at long-term returns
when investing in rural communities and rural economic development, Fannin said.

Another component of the grant is education. Fannin said the grant will help
redevelop curricula around this wealth-creation framework. He and his colleagues
are planning to create a graduate-level or upper undergraduate-level course
designed from the research as well as develop independent rural policy modules
that can be posted online and used in other courses to add a rural policy
element.

Fannin's work stems from a book he helped write and co-edit, "Rural Wealth
Creation," which investigates the role of wealth in achieving sustainable
economic development.

Fannin said after attending a wealth creation strategies conference funded by
the USDA and the Ford Foundation in 2011, economic researchers and practitioners
sought to develop wealth creation best practices. Fannin said the book came out
of that and is relevant to students, researchers and policy makers looking at
rural community development.

"Many rural communities are seeing stagnant or declining populations, and in
Louisiana, they often have high poverty, so we need to look at alternative ways
to create and sustain wealth," Fannin said.
Tobie Blanchard

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 01, 1996, Thursday

SMALL BIZ, POOR GAIN 2.1M FROM FED GRANTS

BYLINE: By DOUGLAS FEIDEN

SECTION: Business; Pg.  41

LENGTH: 406 words


Three community development groups that serve the city's poor or bolster small
businesses in distressed areas won a $ 2.1 million bonanza in federal grants and
loans yesterday.

The Treasury Department handed out the checks as part of a new program to pump
seed money into nonprofit financial institutions that venture into impoverished
or under-served neighborhoods.

The money will go to an inner-city credit union and a fund that makes loans to
nonprofits, which will use it to prop up small businesses in the South Bronx and
manufacturing companies in Greenpoint, Brooklyn.

In a Washington ceremony yesterday, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin awarded a
total of $ 35.5 million to 31 community development funding organizations in 46
states, including the three from New York.

The local companies are:

Bethex Federal Credit Union in the South Bronx. It received a $ 100,000 grant
for small business, consumer and home improvement loans.

Credit union manager Joy Cousminer said Bethex is eying a plan to increase the
amount of loans to business owners to $ 25,000, up from the current $ 15,000
maximum. The plan also would allow low-income families and those on public
assistance to borrow as much as $ 15,000, up from $ 10,000.

"It gives us a nice little extra cushion," Cousminer said. The credit union has
$ 1.7 million in assets. Treasury officials described Bethex as a model for the
kind of inner-city credit union they want to see flourish around the country.
They noted that its small loans to low-income borrowers as low as $ 300 serve to
keep the poor away from pawnshops, check-cashing operations and illegal
loansharking.

Non-Profit Facilities Fund in Manhattan. It snared a $ 1 million loan, payable
over eight years at a rock-bottom interest rate of 1%, to make loans to
nonprofits that are rehabilitating their facilities.

The fund has helped the Brooklyn Academy of Music renovate its theater space and
the Greenpoint Manufacturing and Design Center finish developing its factory
space. It also has loaned to health facilities and cultural institutions in
distressed areas.

"This will allow us to make a lot more loans and serve a lot more nonprofits,"
said Norah McVeigh, associate director for financial services.

Local Initiatives Support Corp. in Manhattan. It received a $ 1 million grant to
make housing and community development loans in rural areas outside New York
State.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             March 30, 2010 Tuesday

BUSINESS AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE: FROM STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 469 words


CHINESE FREIGHTING FIRM TO OPEN IN LA VISTA

Gov. Dave Heineman awarded the city of La Vista $505,000 in Community
Development Block Grant money to support Easyway International Freight Co.
Ltd.'s first expansion into the U.S. market, the state Department of Economic
Development reported. Headquartered in Shaanxi, China, the company plans to open
Easyway International LLC, a freight-forwarding operation, in La Vista. The
project is expected create 15 full-time positions. Four executives from the
company's headquarters will transfer to the U.S. company, DED said.

Wenliang Xu, majority owner and chief executive of Easyway-China, said the
company selected La Vista for its central location, positive business climate,
focus on logistics education, and proximity to headquarters of wellknown
transportation companies, such as Werner Enterprises, Crete Contract Carriers
and Union Pacific Railroad.

"Nebraska is an ideal location for Easyway International's North American
headquarters," he said in a DED press release.

La Vista will lend $500,000 to Easyway International LLC for working capital
costs associated with setting up business in Nebraska. The remaining $5,000 will
go to La Vista for administrative expenses. Xu will match the funding, bringing
the total project to $1 million, according to the department.

WINDSTREAM APPLIES TO EXPAND BROADBAND

Windstream, the dominant telephone company in Lincoln and southeast Nebraska,
has applied for $238 million in federal stimulus grants to expand broadband
availability and offer faster Internet speeds to more than half a million homes
and businesses in rural areas in 16 states, including Nebraska.

Windstream would provide $80 million under the grant applications submitted to
the Broadband Initiatives Program administered by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service. The total cost of the proposed project
would be approximately $318 million.

Mike Rhoda, senior vice president of government affairs for Windstream, said the
costs to deploy broadband to most of the company's remaining, unserved customers
are prohibitive. But the federal grants offered by RUS cover up to 75 percent of
the costs and greatly improve the economics for deploying broadband deeper into
rural America, he said.

Windstream said it would expand its fiber network by more than 7,000 miles and
install additional equipment in its facilities to expand and enhance broadband
service to about 500,000 homes and 80,000 businesses within 320 exchanges under
the project.

If approved, the project would enable Windstream to make high-speed Internet
available to 93 percent of Windstream's three million voice lines, up from 89
percent currently, Windstream said. Maximum speeds for the stimulus project
areas would range from 6 Mbps to 12 Mbps.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Sen. Raatz Appointed to Eastern Indiana Regional Planning Commission

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: New York



 Indianapolis:The Indiana Senate Republicans has issued the following press
release:



  State Sen. Jeff Raatz (R-Centerville) was recently appointed by Gov. Mike
Pence to the Eastern Indiana Regional Planning Commission (EIRPC).





 The EIRPC will allow member counties to apply for U.S. Economic Development
Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development
grants, which typically come from a regional group.



 "I am grateful to be serving on this newly formed commission," Raatz said. "I
am hopeful that members of the commission along with the public will be able to
develop positive economic and community development plans for this part of the
state."



 The commission is set to create an economic development plan for the region
through the USDA Rural Development's Stronger Economies Together initiative,
which includes the Purdue Center for Regional Development.



 The EIRPC represents Fayette, Randolph, Rush, Union and Wayne counties and was
formed after the dissolution of the Eastern Indiana Development District.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                    September 14, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

FHLBank San Francisco Awards $1.5 Million in Grants for Economic, Community
Development

LENGTH: 807  words


Sept. 14 -- The Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco announced that it has
awarded $1.5 million in grants through its Access to Housing and Economic
Assistance for Development (AHEAD) Program. The grants, which are made through
the Bank's member financial institutions, will be used by nonprofit
organizations in Arizona, California, and Nevada to foster economic development
and promote community stability and self-sufficiency.

The AHEAD Program enables Bank members to give a critical boost to local
programs and projects that target pressing community development needs by
creating or preserving jobs, supporting a nonprofit's organizational and
capacity-building activities, or delivering social services, training and
education, and other needed services and programs. The focus of the AHEAD
Program is to support innovative economic development and job training or job
creation initiatives that benefit low-and moderate-income communities and have
the potential to help narrow the wealth gap.

"Through the AHEAD Program, the Bank is helping members forge strong and
productive relationships with nonprofit organizations that have specific
economic and community development expertise," said Greg Seibly, president and
chief executive officer of FHLBank San Francisco. "Once again, this year's
award-winning projects demonstrated a variety of smart and creative approaches
to fostering economic opportunity and strengthening communities."

In response to the success of the program and growing demand for funding, the
Bank's Board of Directors increased the amount available for 2016 from $1
million to $1.5 million. This year, the Bank reviewed 197 applications before
selecting 51 AHEAD grant winners. The grants will be made through 27
participating Bank members, including 3 that are first-time program
participants. Grant amounts range from $20,000 to $50,000.

The AHEAD Program supports a wide variety of economic and community development
initiatives each year. Among this year's 51 winners are:

* Restaurant Opportunities Centers of the Bay Area will receive a $39,000 grant,
through Bank member Northern California Community Loan Fund, for a workforce
development program in Oakland, CA, that helps low-wage restaurant workers
develop skills to move up to higher paying restaurant jobs, such as
front-of-the-house or server positions.

* The Opportunity Alliance Nevada will receive a $25,000 grant, through Charles
Schwab Bank, to develop a regional cooperative financial education program in
Northern Nevada that will be integrated into the existing social service
offerings of at least 23 local nonprofit organizations.

* The Women's Center, a nonprofit that runs two emergency shelters for domestic
violence victims and their families in the Central Valley of California, will
receive a $45,000 grant, through Farmers & Merchants Bank of Central California,
to expand their service offerings to include a financial literacy component to
help clients become financially independent and self-sufficient.

* Meristem, Inc., which serves young adults with autism or other behavioral
differences in the Sacramento area, will receive a $25,000 grant, through
Mechanics Bank, to help clients develop entrepreneurial skills through product
creation, marketing, sales, and delivery.

* Esperanza Community Housing Corporation will receive $39,000, through MUFG
Union Bank, for a jobs program that trains Los Angeles residents to become
health promoters, leading to higher wage employment opportunities in the
healthcare industry.

* Oak View Renewal Partnership will receive $50,000, through Pacific Western
Bank, to provide microenterprise and entrepreneurship training to the
underserved Oak View community in Huntington Beach.

* The White Mountain Apache Housing Authority will receive $25,000, through
Sunwest Bank, to support efforts to create a public transportation system on a
Native American reservation in rural East Central Arizona, where access to
public services is limited.

"Creating jobs in disadvantaged communities, supporting entrepreneurs and
helping microenterprises grow, offering vulnerable populations the opportunity
to develop skills that lead to jobs with dignity, ensuring that working people
are able to build wealth and become homeowners - these are the priorities of the
moment," said Jim Yacenda, vice president and community investment officer at
FHLBank San Francisco. "We are pleased to provide funding that supports and
nurtures efforts to meet these and other big challenges and that promote
healthy, self-sufficient communities."

Funding for AHEAD is determined annually by the Bank's Board of Directors. Since
the program began in 2004, the Bank has awarded over $10 million in AHEAD grants
to support 353 projects and programs in Arizona, California, and Nevada.

Source: Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             April 28, 2008 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

COUNTY TO GET $1.7M IN FEDERAL LOANS

BYLINE: The Capital Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 185 words


Community development grants and money to fix or buy homes is coming from the
federal government to Dane County.

Almost $1.7 million is to be distributed through the Community Development Block
Grant, Home Investment Partnerships and American Dream Down Payment Initiative
programs, all from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

"We work hard to make sure Dane County gets these dollars because these programs
are so important to so many people," said Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk.
"This help is both needed and timely, given the challenges of the nation's
economy."

Prospective first-time home buyers will get $125,000 in grants, to help with
down payments; $114,000 to help keep seniors in their homes and avoid falling
behind in rent; $320,000 to help residents fix up their homes; and $95,000 to
Habitat for Humanity to help low-income families build homes.

Block grants include $25,000 to the Stoughton Area Community Foundation to help
build a new youth center, $30,000 to the town of Dunn for a tornado shelter and
$25,000 to Cambridge to help improve the downtown business district.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2012

WCTA honored with IMPACT award for economic leadership and contribution

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 367  words


Iowa Network Services (INS) and Iowa Area Development

Group (IADG) presented the annual Ripple Effect IMPACT award to Winnebago
Cooperative Telecom Association (WCTA) located in Lake Mills, Iowa.

The IMPACT award was presented to WCTA at the INS 2012 annual shareholders
meeting on Friday, March 23, in West Des Moines. WCTA was honored and recognized
for excellence in economic development leadership and investment.

WCTA's involvement in local economic development initiatives has resulted in
area job retention, technology assistance for new home construction, and most
recently in the preservation of the rail line from Forest City to Bel-mond.

In 2011, WCTA was the award recipient of a USDA zero-interest pass-through loan
for the North Central Iowa Rail Corridor (NCIRC) Project. WCTA used the proceeds
to, in turn, loan $600,000 to NCIRC for help in purchasing the rail line from
the Union Pacific and reconstruction of a rail switch in Garner.

Terry Wegener, CEO, was present at the shareholders meeting to receive the
IMPACT award. "WCTA is a strong economic development driver in northern Iowa,"
said

Sue Cosner, Vice President of Community Initiatives, IADG. Cosner added, "Each
year Ripple Effect recognizes and honors an outstanding telecommunication
company that has demonstrated creative and collaborative engagement in community
and business development, and we are pleased that WCTA is this year's IMPACT
recipient."

Ripple Effect is the program alliance between INS and IADG and is implemented to
advance the business and community development vitality of rural Iowa by
partnering with the shareholders of INS, the Independent Telecom Companies

(ITCs). The program provides financial and technical assistance to business and
industry and communities, through the local ITCs, to stimulate growth and
development in rural Iowa. The program makes available low-interest loans to
business applicants and grants to communities and their economic development
agencies.

For more information about the IMPACT award or the Ripple Effect program visit
www.insrippleeffect. com or contact Susan Cosner, Vice President, Community
Initiatives, Iowa Area Development Group at scosner@iadg. com or 800-888-4743.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Northwood Anchor


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                 August 8, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

IRD has expanded functions to meet changing needs

BYLINE: MARIA HERLIHY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 404 words


IN the CEO of IRD Duhallow, Maura Walsh''s, outline in the IRD Duhallow 2013
progress report, she said when reviewing the past year''s work, it has again
expanded its functions and remit as it addresses the needs of the community.

'The LEADER programme 2009-2013, which remains the foundation on which other
programmes and initiatives are built, approaches the final weeks of project
commitments," said Ms Walsh in her report.

She said when Minister Phil Hogan announced a final allocation of (EURO)12.2
million for Duhallow, IRD Duhallow were delighted to have supported 400
projects, with an average grant of (EURO)26,000 each.

she said. that she is equally pleased that IRD Duhallow''s administration costs
will be less than the 20% allowed by the Commission and Department. She also
outlined how 2013 is 'The Year of the Gathering,' ' where communities and
agencies are asked to put on events to encourage the Irish Diaspora back to
visit. IRD Duhallow organised two major initiatives. In May the 'Bealtaine
Festival' ' targeted the elderly and actively retired and had over 44 events in
15 communities during the 31 days of May.

There was also the 'Day of the Regions,' ' which runs from July to mid-August in
which 37 communities in Duhallow were actively involved.

From the Local and Community Development Programme, with its new focus on
employment and training, 635 people have been assisted to engage in further
education and a further 504 in training with 33 supported into employment and
145 into self employment.

However, Ms Walsh did note that while DART (Duhallow Area Rural Transport)
celebrated its 10th anniversary this year, it was tinged with sadness and
trepidation.

"We learned that the six rural transport companies that have served County Cork
so well are to be replaced with just one group for all of Cork. So as Dart
ceases and CART (Cork Area Rural Transport) begins, let us hope that this
rationalisation will deliver at least the same service to the rurally isolated
passengers," she said.

She also outlined how the Life+ programmes has surpassed all targets and has
overcome many obstacles.

Of the staff at IRD Duhallow, she said they are "exemplary in their expertise,
flexibility, dedication and commitment to the area."

"Long hours and weekend work is no stranger to them and, in fact, they relish
the challenges because of their passion for rural development and the
communities of Duhallow," she said.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) for the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 10624  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Funds Availability
(NOFA) for the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) for Fiscal Year
2016 AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an agency within the USDA Rural Development
mission area herein referred to as the Agency announces the availability of
funding under the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.

Applicants must provide matching funds in an amount at least equal to the
Federal grant. These grants will be made to qualified intermediary organizations
that will provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop
their capacity and ability to undertake projects related to housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development that will support the
community. This Notice lists the information needed to submit an application for
these funds. This Notice contains revised evaluation criteria that are
streamlined, in order to enhance program efficiency and delivery. DATES: The
deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, July 22, 2016. The
application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any application
received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail applications must
provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the closing deadline
date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service or private mailer
does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), electronic mail and postage due
applications will not be accepted. ADDRESSES: Entities wishing to apply for
assistance may download the application documents and requirements delineated in
this Notice from the RCDI Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants. Application information for
electronic submissions may be found at http://www.grants.gov. Applicants may
also request paper application packages from the Rural Development office in
their state. A list of Rural Development State offices contacts can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: The Rural Development office for the state in which the applicant is
located. A list of Rural Development State Office contacts is provided at the
following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. Paperwork
Reduction Act The paperwork burden has been cleared by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0575-0180. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Overview Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service. Funding Opportunity Title: Rural
Community Development Initiative. Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.446. Dates: The
deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, July 22, 2016. The
application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any application
received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail applications must
provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the closing deadline
date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service or private mailer
does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), electronic mail and postage due
applications will not be accepted. A. Program Description Congress first
authorized the RCDI in 1999 (Pub. L. 106-78, which was amended most recently by
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113)). The RCDI was
authorized to develop the capacity and ability of qualified private, nonprofit
community-based housing and community development organizations, low-income
rural communities, and federally recognized Native American Tribes to undertake
projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development in rural areas. Strengthening the recipient's capacity in these
areas will benefit the communities they serve. The RCDI structure requires the
intermediary (grantee) to provide a program of financial and technical
assistance to recipients. The recipients will, in turn, provide programs to
their communities (beneficiaries). Of particular note this year, the Agency is
encouraging applications for projects based in or servicing high poverty areas.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's (RD) mission of improving the
quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to [[Page 32278]] directing
resources to those who most need them. B. Federal Award Information Congress, in
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113), appropriated
$4,000,000 in Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 for the RCDI program. The amount of funding
received in the FY 2016 Appropriations Act can also be found at the following
link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RD_FY2016AppropriationsTable.pdf. Qualified
private, nonprofit and public (including tribal) intermediary organizations
proposing to carry out financial and technical assistance programs will be
eligible to receive the grant funding. The intermediary will be required to
provide matching funds in an amount at least equal to the RCDI grant. A grant
will be the type of assistance instrument awarded to successful applications.
The respective minimum and maximum grant amount per intermediary is $50,000 and
$250,000. Grant funds must be utilized within 3 years from date of the award. A
grantee that has an outstanding RCDI grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, is not eligible to apply for this round of
funding. The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical
assistance to one or more of the following: A private, nonprofit community-based
housing and development organization, a low-income rural community or a
federally recognized tribe. Applicants must certify compliance with sections 743
and 744 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Public Law 114-113. These
provisions state: SEC. 743. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made
available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or
cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or contractors of
such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal
confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting
such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or
abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a
Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information. (b) The
limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to
Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department
or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information. SEC. 744. (a)
No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or
enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any
other nondisclosure policy, form, or agreement if such policy, form, or
agreement does not contain the following provisions: ``These provisions are
consistent with and do not supersede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the
employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or
Executive order relating to (1) classified information, (2) communications to
Congress, (3) the reporting to an Inspector General of a violation of any law,
rule, or regulation, or mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of
authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety, or
(4) any other whistleblower protection. The definitions, requirements,
obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive
orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agreement and are
controlling.'': Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this
section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a
person connected with the conduct of an intelligence or intelligence-related
activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may
contain provisions appropriate to the particular activity for which such
document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, require that
the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course
of such activity unless specifically authorized to do so by the United States
Government. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not
bar disclosures to Congress, or to an authorized official of an executive agency
or the Department of Justice, that are essential to reporting a substantial
violation of law. (b) A nondisclosure agreement may continue to be implemented
and enforced notwithstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements
for such agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into. (c)
No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or
enforce any agreement entered into during fiscal year 2014 which does not
contain substantially similar language to that required in subsection (a). C.
Eligibility Information Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility
requirements by the application deadline. Applications which fail to meet any of
these requirements by the application deadline will be deemed ineligible and
will not be evaluated further, and will not receive a Federal award. 1. Eligible
Applicants (a) Qualified private, nonprofit, (including faith-based and
community organizations and philanthropic foundations), in accordance with 7 CFR
part 16, and public (including tribal) intermediary organizations are eligible
applicants. Definitions that describe eligible organizations and other key terms
are listed below. (b) The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing
and development organization, low-income rural community, or federally
recognized tribe based on the RCDI definitions of these groups. (c) Private
nonprofit, faith or community-based organizations must provide a certificate of
incorporation and good standing from the Secretary of the State of
incorporation, or other similar and valid documentation of current nonprofit
status. For low-income rural community recipients, the Agency requires evidence
that the entity is a public body and census data verifying that the median
household income of the community where the office receiving the financial and
technical assistance is located is at, or below, 80 percent of the State or
national median household income, whichever is higher. For federally recognized
tribes, the Agency needs the page listing their name from the current Federal
Register list of tribal entities recognized and eligible for funding services
(see the definition of federally recognized tribes in this Notice for details on
this list). (d) Any corporation (1) that has been convicted of a felony criminal
violation under any Federal law within the past 24 months or (2) that has any
unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability; is not eligible for financial
assistance provided with funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2016, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 2. Cost Sharing or
Matching There is a matching requirement of at least equal to the amount of the
grant. If this matching funds requirement is not met, the application will be
deemed ineligible. See section D, Application and Submission Information, for
required pre-award and post award matching funds documentation submission. The
intermediary must provide matching funds at least equal to the amount of the
grant. Verification of matching funds must be submitted with [[Page 32279]] the
application. Matching funds must be committed for a period equal to the grant
performance period. The intermediary will be required to provide matching funds
in an amount at least equal to the RCDI grant. In-kind contributions such as
salaries, donated time and effort, real and nonexpendable personal property and
goods and services cannot be used as matching funds. Matching funds are cash or
confirmed funding commitments and must be at least equal to the grant amount and
committed for a period of not less than the grant performance period. These
funds can only be used for eligible RCDI activities. Matching funds must be used
to support the overall purpose of the RCDI program. In-kind contributions such
as salaries, donated time and effort, real and nonexpendable personal property
and goods and services cannot be used as matching funds. Grant funds and
matching funds must be used in equal proportions. This does not mean funds have
to be used equally by line item. The request for advance or reimbursement and
supporting documentation must show that RCDI fund usage does not exceed the
cumulative amount of matching funds used. Grant funds will be disbursed pursuant
to relevant provisions of 2 CFR parts 200 and 400. Verification of matching
funds must be submitted with the application. See Section D, other program
requirements, for matching funds documentation and pre-award requirements. The
intermediary is responsible for demonstrating that matching funds are available,
and committed for a period of not less than the grant performance period to the
RCDI proposal. Matching funds may be provided by the intermediary or a third
party. Other Federal funds may be used as matching funds if authorized by
statute and the purpose of the funds is an eligible RCDI purpose. RCDI funds
will be disbursed on an advance or reimbursement basis. Matching funds cannot be
expended prior to execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement. 3. Other Program
Requirements (a) The recipient and beneficiary, but not the intermediary, must
be located in an eligible rural area. The physical location of the recipient's
office that will be receiving the financial and technical assistance must be in
an eligible rural area. If the recipient is a low-income community, the median
household income of the area where the office is located must be at or below 80
percent of the State or national median household income, whichever is higher.
The applicable Rural Development State Office can assist in determining the
eligibility of an area. A listing of Rural Development State Office contacts can
be found at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. A map showing eligible
rural areas can be found at the following link:
http://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?pageAction=RBSm
enu&NavKey=property@13. (b) RCDI grantees that have an outstanding grant over 3
years old, as of the application due date in this Notice, will not be eligible
to apply for this round of funding. Grant and matching funds must be utilized in
a timely manner to ensure that the goals and objectives of the program are met.
(c) Individuals cannot be recipients. (d) The intermediary must provide a
program of financial and technical assistance to the recipient. (e) The
intermediary organization must have been legally organized for a minimum of 3
years and have at least 3 years prior experience working with private nonprofit
community-based housing and development organizations, low-income rural
communities, or tribal organizations in the areas of housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development. (f) Proposals must be
structured to utilize the grant funds within 3 years from the date of the award.
(g) Each applicant, whether singularly or jointly, may only submit one
application for RCDI funds under this Notice. This restriction does not preclude
the applicant from providing matching funds for other applications. (h)
Recipients can benefit from more than one RCDI application; however, after grant
selections are made, the recipient can only benefit from multiple RCDI grants if
the type of financial and technical assistance the recipient will receive is not
duplicative. The services described in multiple RCDI grant applications must
have separate and identifiable accounts for compliance purposes. (i) The
intermediary and the recipient cannot be the same entity. The recipient can be a
related entity to the intermediary, if it meets the definition of a recipient,
provided the relationship does not create a Conflict of Interest that cannot be
resolved to Rural Development's satisfaction. (j) If the recipient is a
low-income rural community, identify the unit of government to which the
financial and technical assistance will be provided, e.g., town council or
village board. The financial and technical assistance must be provided to the
organized unit of government representing that community, not the community at
large. 4. Eligible Grant Purposes Fund uses must be consistent with the RCDI
purpose. A nonexclusive list of eligible grant uses includes the following: (a)
Provide technical assistance to develop recipients' capacity and ability to
undertake projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and
economic development, e.g., the intermediary hires a staff person to provide
technical assistance to the recipient or the recipient hires a staff person,
under the supervision of the intermediary, to carry out the technical assistance
provided by the intermediary. (b) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct
community development programs, e.g., homeownership education or training for
business entrepreneurs. (c) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct
development initiatives, e.g., programs that support micro-enterprise and
sustainable development. (d) Develop the capacity of recipients to increase
their leveraging ability and access to alternative funding sources by providing
training and staffing. (e) Develop the capacity of recipients to provide the
technical assistance component for essential community facilities projects. (f)
Assist recipients in completing pre-development requirements for housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development projects by
providing resources for professional services, e.g., architectural, engineering,
or legal. (g) Improve recipient's organizational capacity by providing training
and resource material on developing strategic plans, board operations,
management, financial systems, and information technology. (h) Purchase of
computers, software, and printers, limited to $10,000 per award, at the
recipient level when directly related to the technical assistance program being
undertaken by the intermediary. (i) Provide funds to recipients for
training-related travel costs and training expenses related to RCDI. 5.
Ineligible Fund Uses The following is a list of ineligible grant uses: (a)
Pass-through grants, and any funds provided to the recipient in a lump sum that
are not reimbursements. [[Page 32280]] (b) Funding a revolving loan fund (RLF).
(c) Construction (in any form). (d) Salaries for positions involved in
construction, renovations, rehabilitation, and any oversight of these types of
activities. (e) Intermediary preparation of strategic plans for recipients. (f)
Funding prostitution, gambling, or any illegal activities. (g) Grants to
individuals. (h) Funding a grant where there may be a conflict of interest, or
an appearance of a conflict of interest, involving any action by the Agency. (i)
Paying obligations incurred before the beginning date without prior Agency
approval or after the ending date of the grant agreement. (j) Purchasing real
estate. (k) Improvement or renovation of the grantee's, or recipient's office
space or for the repair or maintenance of privately owned vehicles. (l) Any
purpose prohibited in 2 CFR part 200 or 400. (m) Using funds for recipient's
general operating costs. (n) Using grant or matching funds for Individual
Development Accounts. (o) Purchasing vehicles. 6. Program Examples and
Restrictions The following are examples of eligible and ineligible purposes
under the RCDI program. (These examples are illustrative and are not meant to
limit the activities proposed in the application. Activities that meet the
objectives of the RCDI program and meet the criteria outlined in this Notice
will be considered eligible.) (a) The intermediary must work directly with the
recipient, not the ultimate beneficiaries. As an example: The intermediary
provides training to the recipient on how to conduct homeownership education
classes. The recipient then provides ongoing homeownership education to the
residents of the community--the ultimate beneficiaries. This ``train the
trainer'' concept fully meets the intent of this initiative. The intermediary is
providing technical assistance that will build the recipient's capacity by
enabling them to conduct homeownership education classes for the public. This is
an eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary directly provided
homeownership education classes to individuals in the recipient's service area,
this would not be an eligible purpose because the recipient would be bypassed.
(b) If the intermediary is working with a low-income community as the recipient,
the intermediary must provide the technical assistance to the entity that
represents the low-income community and is identified in the application.
Examples of entities representing a low- income community are a village board or
a town council. If the intermediary provides technical assistance to the Board
of the low-income community on how to establish a cooperative, this would be an
eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary works directly with individuals
from the community to establish the cooperative, this is not an eligible
purpose. The recipient's capacity is built by learning skills that will enable
them to support sustainable economic development in their communities on an
ongoing basis. (c) The intermediary may provide technical assistance to the
recipient on how to create and operate a revolving loan fund. The intermediary
may not monitor or operate the revolving loan fund. RCDI funds, including
matching funds, cannot be used to fund revolving loan funds. (d) The
intermediary may work with recipients in building their capacity to provide
planning and leadership development training. The recipients of this training
would be expected to assume leadership roles in the development and execution of
regional strategic plans. The intermediary would work with multiple recipients
in helping communities recognize their connections to the greater regional and
national economies. (e) The intermediary could provide training and technical
assistance to the recipients on developing emergency shelter and feeding,
short-term housing, search and rescue, and environmental accident, prevention,
and cleanup program plans. For longer term disaster and economic crisis
responses, the intermediary could work with the recipients to develop job
placement and training programs, and develop coordinated transit systems for
displaced workers. D. Application and Submission Information 1. Address To
Request Application Package Entities wishing to apply for assistance may
download the application documents and requirements delineated in this Notice
from the RCDI Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants. Application information for
electronic submissions may be found at http://www.grants.gov. Applicants may
also request paper application packages from the Rural Development office in
their state. A list of Rural Development State office contacts can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. You may also obtain a copy
by calling 202-205- 9685. 2. Content and Form of Application Submission If the
applicant is ineligible or the application is incomplete, the Agency will inform
the applicant in writing of the decision, reasons therefore, and its appeal
rights and no further evaluation of the application will occur. A complete
application for RCDI funds must include the following: (a) A summary page,
double-spaced between items, listing the following: (This information should not
be presented in narrative form.) (1) Applicant's name, (2) Applicant's address,
(3) Applicant's telephone number, (4) Name of applicant's contact person, email
address and telephone number, (5) Applicant's fax number, (6) County where
applicant is located, (7) Congressional district number where applicant is
located, (8) Amount of grant request, and (9) Number of recipients. (b) A
detailed Table of Contents containing page numbers for each component of the
application. (c) A project overview, no longer than one page, including the
following items, which will also be addressed separately and in detail under
``Building Capacity and Expertise'' of the ``Evaluation Criteria.'' (1) The type
of technical assistance to be provided to the recipients and how it will be
implemented. (2) How the capacity and ability of the recipients will be
improved. (3) The overall goals to be accomplished. (4) The benchmarks to be
used to measure the success of the program. Benchmarks should be specific and
quantifiable. (d) Organizational documents, such as a certificate of
incorporation and a current good standing certification from the Secretary of
State where the applicant is incorporated and other similar and valid
documentation of current non-profit status, from the intermediary that confirms
it has been legally organized for a minimum of 3 years as the applicant entity.
(e) Verification of source and amount of matching funds, e.g., a copy of a bank
[[Page 32281]] statement if matching funds are in cash or a copy of the
confirmed funding commitment from the funding source. The verification must show
that matching funds are available for the duration of the grant performance
period. The verification of matching funds must be submitted with the
application or the application will be considered incomplete. The applicant will
be contacted by the Agency prior to grant award to verify that the matching
funds provided with the application continue to be available. The applicant will
have 15 days from the date contacted to submit verification that matching funds
continue to be available. If the applicant is unable to provide the verification
within that timeframe, the application will be considered ineligible. The
applicant must maintain bank statements on file or other documentation for a
period of at least 3 years after grant closing except that the records shall be
retained beyond the 3-year period if audit findings have not been resolved. (f)
The following information for each recipient: (1) Recipient's entity name, (2)
Complete address (mailing and physical location, if different), (3) County where
located, (4) Number of Congressional district where recipient is located, (5)
Contact person's name, email address and telephone number and, (6) Form RD
400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.'' If the Form RD 400-4 is not submitted for the
applicant and each recipient, the recipient will be considered ineligible. No
information pertaining to that recipient will be included in the income or
population scoring criteria and the requested funding may be adjusted due to the
deletion of the recipient. (g) Submit evidence that each recipient entity is
eligible. Documentation must be submitted to verify recipient eligibility.
Acceptable documentation varies depending on the type of recipient: (1)
Nonprofits--provide a current valid letter confirming non- profit status from
the Secretary of the State of incorporation, a current good standing
certification from the Secretary of the State of incorporation, or other valid
documentation of current nonprofit status of each recipient. A nonprofit
recipient must provide evidence that it is a valid nonprofit when the
intermediary applies for the RCDI grant. Organizations with pending requests for
nonprofit designations are not eligible. (2) Low-income rural community--provide
evidence the entity is a public body (copy of Charter, relevant Acts of
Assembly, relevant court orders (if created judicially) or other valid
documentation), a copy of the 2010 census data to verify the population, and
2010 American Community Survey (ACS) 5-year estimates (2006-2010 data set) data
as evidence that the median household income is at, or below, 80 percent of
either the State or national median household income. We will only accept data
and printouts from http://www.census.gov. (3) Federally recognized
tribes--provide the page listing their name from the Federal Register list of
tribal entities published most recently by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The
2015 list is available at 80 FR 1942-48 and
http://www.indianaffairs.gov/cs/groups/public/documents/text/idc1-029079.pdf.
(h) Each of the ``Evaluation Criteria'' must be addressed specifically and
individually by category. Present these criteria in narrative form.
Documentation must be limited to five pages per criterion. The ``Population and
Income'' criteria for recipient locations can be provided in the form of a list;
however, the source of the data must be included on the page(s). (i) A timeline
identifying specific activities and proposed dates for completion. (j) A
detailed project budget that includes the RCDI grant amount and matching funds.
This should be a line-item budget, by category. Categories such as salaries,
administrative, other, and indirect costs that pertain to the proposed project
must be clearly defined. Supporting documentation listing the components of
these categories must be included. The budget should be dated: Year 1, year 2,
year 3, as applicable. (k) The indirect cost category in the project budget
should be used only when a grant applicant has a federally negotiated indirect
cost rate. A copy of the current rate agreement must be provided with the
application. Non-federal entities that have never received a negotiated indirect
cost rate, except for those non-Federal entities described in Appendix VII to
Part 200--States and Local Government and Indian Tribe Indirect Cost Proposals,
paragraph (d)(1)(B), may use the de minimis rate of 10% of modified total direct
costs (MTDC). (l) Form SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance.'' (Do not
complete Form SF-424A, ``Budget Information.'' A separate line-item budget
should be presented as described in Letter (J) of this section.) (m) Form
SF-424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.'' (n) Form AD-1047,
``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other Responsibility
Matters--Primary Covered Transactions.'' (o) Form AD-1048, ``Certification
Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower
Tier Covered Transactions.'' (p) Form AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding
Drug-Free Workplace Requirements.'' (q) Certification of Non-Lobbying
Activities. (r) Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if
applicable. (s) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement,'' for the applicant and
each recipient. (t) Identify and report any association or relationship with
Rural Development employees. (A statement acknowledging whether or not a
relationship exists is required). (u) Form AD-3030, ``Representations Regarding
Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' if you
are a corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles of
incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Federated
States of Micronesia, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall
Islands, or the various territories of the United States including American
Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S.
Virgin Islands. Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities. 3.
Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for Awards
Management (SAM) Grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and register in the System for Award
Management (SAM) prior to submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR
25.200(b). In addition, an entity applicant must maintain registration in SAM at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan
under consideration by the Agency. Similarly, all recipients of Federal
financial assistance are required to report information about first-tier
subawards and executive compensation in accordance to 2 CFR part 170. So long as
an entity applicant does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the
applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with
the reporting requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR
170.200(b). [[Page 32282]] An applicant, unless excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b),
(c), or (d), is required to: (a) Be registered in SAM before submitting its
application; (b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application; and (c)
Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all
times during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan
under consideration by a Federal awarding agency. The Federal awarding agency
may not make a federal award to an applicant until the applicant has complied
with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements and, if an applicant has not fully
complied with the requirements by the time the Federal awarding agency is ready
to make a Federal award, the Federal awarding agency may determine that the
applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and use that determination
as a basis for making a Federal award to another applicant. As required by the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), all grant applications must provide a
DUNS number when applying for Federal grants, on or after October 1, 2003.
Organizations can receive a DUNS number at no cost by calling the dedicated
toll-free number at 1-866- 705-5711 or via Internet at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Additional information concerning this
requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov.
Similarly, applicants may register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov or by calling
1-866-606-8220. The DUNS number should be identified in the ``Organizational
DUNS'' field on Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance.''
Since there are no specific fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE)
code and expiration date, they may be identified anywhere on the Form SF 424. If
the applicant does not provide the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS
number in the application, it will not be considered for funding. The required
forms and certifications can be downloaded from the RCDI Web site at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants. 4. Submission Dates and Times The
deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, July 22, 2016. The
application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any application
received after the deadline. You may submit your application in paper form or
electronically through Grants.gov. Applicants intending to mail applications
must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the closing
deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service or
private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), electronic mail
and postage due applications will not be accepted. To submit a paper
application, the original application package must be submitted to the Rural
Development State Office where the applicant's headquarters is located. A
listing of Rural Development State Offices contacts can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. Applications will not be
accepted via FAX or electronic mail. Applicants may file an electronic
application at http://www.grants.gov. Grants.gov contains full instructions on
all required passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at
Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application. If a system
problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please
use the customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.
Technical difficulties submitting an application through Grants.gov will not be
a reason to extend the application deadline. If an application is unable to be
submitted through Grants.gov, a paper application must be received in the
appropriate Rural Development State Office by the deadline noted previously.
First time Grants.gov users should carefully read and follow the registration
steps listed on the Web site. These steps need to be initiated early in the
application process to avoid delays in submitting your application online. In
order to register with System for Award Management (SAM), your organization will
need a DUNS number. Be sure to complete the Marketing Partner ID (MPID) and
Electronic Business Primary Point of Contact fields during the SAM registration
process. These are mandatory fields that are required when submitting grant
applications through Grants.gov. Additional application instructions for
submitting an electronic application can be found by selecting this funding
opportunity on Grants.gov. 5. Funding Restrictions Meeting expenses. In
accordance with 31 U.S.C. 1345, ``Expenses of Meetings,'' appropriations may not
be used for travel, transportation, and subsistence expenses for a meeting. RCDI
grant funds cannot be used for these meeting-related expenses. Matching funds
may, however, be used to pay for these expenses. RCDI funds may be used to pay
for a speaker as part of a program, equipment to facilitate the program, and the
actual room that will house the meeting. RCDI funds cannot be used for meetings;
they can, however, be used for travel, transportation, or subsistence expenses
for program-related training and technical assistance purposes. Any training not
delineated in the application must be approved by the Agency to verify
compliance with 31 U.S.C. 1345. Travel and per diem expenses (including meals
and incidental expenses) will be allowed in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200 and
400. E. Application Review Information 1. Evaluation Criteria Applications will
be evaluated using the following criteria and weights: (a) Building Capacity and
Expertise--Maximum 40 Points The applicant must demonstrate how they will
improve the recipients' capacity, through a program of financial and technical
assistance, as it relates to the RCDI purposes. Capacity-building financial and
technical assistance should provide new functions to the recipients or expand
existing functions that will enable the recipients to undertake projects in the
areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic development
that will benefit the community. Capacity-building financial and technical
assistance may include, but is not limited to: Training to conduct community
development programs, e.g., homeownership education, or the establishment of
minority business entrepreneurs, cooperatives, or micro-enterprises;
organizational development, e.g., assistance to develop or improve board
operations, management, and financial systems; instruction on how to develop and
implement a strategic plan; instruction on how to access alternative funding
sources to increase leveraging opportunities; staffing, e.g., hiring a person at
intermediary or recipient level to provide technical assistance to recipients.
The program of financial and technical assistance that is to be provided, its
delivery, and the measurability of the program's effectiveness will determine
the merit of the application. All applications will be competitively ranked with
the applications providing [[Page 32283]] the most improvement in capacity
development and measurable activities being ranked the highest. The narrative
response must contain the following items. This list also contains the points
for each item. (1) Describe the nature of financial and technical assistance to
be provided to the recipients and the activities that will be conducted to
deliver the technical assistance; (10 Points) (2) Explain how financial and
technical assistance will develop or increase the recipient's capacity. Indicate
whether a new function is being developed or if existing functions are being
expanded or performed more effectively; (7 Points) (3) Identify which RCDI
purpose areas will be addressed with this assistance: Housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development; (3 Points) (4) Describe how
the results of the technical assistance will be measured. What benchmarks will
be used to measure effectiveness? Benchmarks should be specific and
quantifiable; (5 Points) (5) Demonstrate that it has conducted programs of
financial and technical assistance and achieved measurable results in the areas
of housing, community facilities, or community and economic development in rural
areas; (10 Points) (6) Provide in a chart or excel spreadsheet, the organization
name, point of contact, address, phone number, email address, and the type and
amount of the financial and technical assistance the applicant organization has
provided to the following for the last 3 years: (5 Points) (i) Nonprofit
organizations in rural areas. (ii) Low-income communities in rural areas (also
include the type of entity, e.g., city government, town council, or village
board). (iii) Federally recognized tribes or any other culturally diverse
organizations. (b) Soundness of Approach--Maximum 15 Points The applicant can
receive up to 15 points for soundness of approach. The overall proposal will be
considered under this criterion. Applicants must list the page numbers in the
application that address these factors. The maximum 15 points for this criterion
will be based on the following: (1) The proposal fits the objectives for which
applications were invited, is clearly stated, and the applicant has defined how
this proposal will be implemented. (7 Points) (2) The ability to provide the
proposed financial and technical assistance based on prior accomplishments. (6
Points) (3) Cost effectiveness will be evaluated based on the budget in the
application. The proposed grant amount and matching funds should be utilized to
maximize capacity building at the recipient level. (2 Points) (c) Population and
Income--Maximum 15 Points Population is based on the average population from the
2010 census data for the communities in which the recipients are located. The
physical address, not mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this
criterion. Community is defined for scoring purposes as a city, town, village,
county, parish, borough, or census-designated place where the recipient's office
is physically located. The applicant must submit the census data from the
following Web site in the form of a printout of the applicable ``Fact Sheet'' to
verify the population figures used for each recipient. The data can be accessed
on the Internet at http://www.census.gov; click on ``American FactFinder,'' fill
in field and click ``Go''; the name and population data for each recipient
location must be listed in this section. The average population of the recipient
locations will be used and will be scored as follows:
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Scoring
Population (points)
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 10,000
or less.......................................... 5 10,001 to
20,000........................................ 4 20,001 to
30,000........................................ 3 30,001 to
40,000........................................ 2 40,001 to
50,000........................................ 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------ The
average of the median household income for the communities where the recipients
are physically located will determine the points awarded. The physical address,
not mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this criterion.
Applicants may compare the average recipient median household income to the
State median household income or the national median household income, whichever
yields the most points. The national median household income to be used is
$51,914. The applicant must submit the income data in the form of a printout of
the applicable information from the following Web site to verify the income for
each recipient. The data being used is from the 2010 American Community Survey
(ACS) 5-year estimates (2006-2010 data set). The data can be accessed on the
Internet at http://www.census.gov; click on ``American FactFinder'' (under
``Find Data'' at bottom of page), ``Advanced Search'' (click on ``Show Me All''
tab, ``Topics,'' ``Dataset,'' locate 2010 ACS 5 year estimates, close table,
check the ``Median Income'' table (S1903 on page 2), fill in the ``state, county
or place'' field (at top of page), select ``Go'' and click ``View''; the name
and income data for each recipient location must be listed in this section (use
the Household and Median Income column). Points will be awarded as follows:
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Scoring
Average recipient median income (points)
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Less
than or equal to 70 percent of state or national 10 median household
income................................ Greater than 70, but less than or equal
to 80 percent of 5 state or national median household income.............. In
excess of 80 percent of state or national median 0 household
Income.......................................
------------------------------------------------------------------------ (d)
State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 10 Points (1) This
criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant. (2) Up to 10
points may be awarded by the Rural Development State Director to any
application(s) that benefits their state regardless of whether the applicant is
headquartered in their state. The total points awarded under this criterion, to
all applications, will not exceed 10. (3) When an intermediary submits an
application that will benefit a state that is not the same as the state in which
the intermediary is headquartered, it is the intermediary's responsibility to
notify the State Director of the state which is receiving the benefit of their
application. In such cases, State Directors awarding points to applications
benefiting their state must notify the reviewing state in writing. (4)
Assignment of any points under this criterion requires a written justification
and must be tied to and awarded based on how closely the [[Page 32284]]
application aligns with the Rural Development State Office's strategic goals.
(e) Support of Agency's Strategic Goals--Maximum 20 Points This criterion will
be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant. The Agency Administrator may
award up to 20 points to any application to the extent that the application
supports Strategic Goal One in the USDA Strategic Plan 2014-2018. This plan can
be found at the following link:
www.usda.gov/documents/usda-strategic-plan-fy-2014-2018.pdf. Points may be
awarded to applications that meet at least one of the following six criteria
below (note: the maximum points can be given to any one of the following six
criteria): (1) The project is based in a census tract with poverty greater than
or equal to 20% (should provide the address and census tract in which the
recipient is located); (2) The project is based in a community (village, town,
city, or Census Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant eligible (rural community
having a population of 5,000 or less and median household income (MHI) of 60% or
less of the state's non-metropolitan median household income (NMHI) (should
provide address, population (2010 census) and MHI (ACS 2006-2010 dataset) data
in which the recipient is located); (3) The project's service area includes at
least one census tract with poverty greater than or equal to 20% (should provide
the address and census tract in which the recipient will conduct or deliver
approved project activity); (4) The project's service area includes at least one
community (village, town, city, or Census Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant
eligible (rural community having a population of 5,000 or less and MHI of 60% or
less of the state's NMHI) (should provide address, population (2010 census) and
MHI (ACS 2006-2010 dataset) data in which the recipient will conduct or deliver
approved project activity); (5) The project serves a StrikeForce area (see link
below) (should identify the StrikeForce area). (6) The project serves a Promise
Zone (see link below) (should identify the specific Promise Zone) and eligible
applicant provides evidence of partnership with a Promise Zone Lead Applicant
organization. For a listing of StrikeForce areas and designated Promise Zones,
click on the following link:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=STRIKE_FORCE, then click the
StrikeForce or Promise Zones button from the left menu. For a mapping tool
identifying census tracts with poverty greater than or equal to 20 percent,
click on the following link:
http://rdgdwe.sc.egov.usda.gov/rdpoverty/index.html. 2. Review and Selection
Process (a) Rating and Ranking Applications will be rated and ranked on a
national basis by a review panel based on the ``Evaluation Criteria'' contained
in this Notice. If there is a tied score after the applications have been rated
and ranked, the tie will be resolved by reviewing the scores for ''Building
Capacity and Expertise'' and the applicant with the highest score in that
category will receive a higher ranking. If the scores for ``Building Capacity
and Expertise'' are the same, the scores will be compared for the next
criterion, in sequential order, until one highest score can be determined. (b)
Initial Screening The Agency will screen each application to determine
eligibility during the period immediately following the application deadline.
Listed below are examples of reasons for rejection from previous funding rounds.
The following reasons for rejection are not all inclusive; however, they
represent the majority of the applications previously rejected. (1) Recipients
were not located in eligible rural areas based on the definition in this Notice.
(2) Applicants failed to provide evidence of recipient's status, i.e.,
documentation supporting nonprofit evidence of organization. (3) Applicants
failed to provide evidence of committed matching funds or matching funds were
not committed for a period at least equal to the grant performance period. (4)
Application did not follow the RCDI structure with an intermediary and
recipients. (5) Recipients were not identified in the application. (6)
Intermediary did not provide evidence it had been incorporated for at least 3
years as the applicant entity. (7) Applicants failed to address the ``Evaluation
Criteria.'' (8) The purpose of the proposal did not qualify as an eligible RCDI
purpose. (9) Inappropriate use of funds (e.g., construction or renovations).
(10) The applicant proposed providing financial and technical assistance
directly to individuals. (11) The application package was not received by
closing date and time. F. Federal Award Administration Information 1. Federal
Award Notice Within the limit of funds available for such purpose, the awarding
official of the Agency shall make grants in ranked order to eligible applicants
under the procedures set forth in this Notice. Successful applicants will
receive a selection letter by mail containing instructions on requirements
necessary to proceed with execution and performance of the award. This letter is
not an authorization to begin performance. In addition, selected applicants will
be requested to verify that components of the application have not changed at
the time of selection and on the award obligation date, if requested by the
Agency. The award is not approved until all information has been verified, and
the awarding official of the Agency has signed Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for
Obligation of Funds'' and the grant agreement. Unsuccessful applicants will
receive notification including appeal rights by mail. 2. Administrative and
National Policy Requirements Grantees will be required to do the following: (a)
Execute a Rural Community Development Initiative Grant Agreement. (b) Execute
Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.'' (c) Use Form SF 270,
``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to request reimbursements. Provide
receipts for expenditures, timesheets and any other documentation to support the
request for reimbursement. (d) Provide financial status and project performance
reports on a quarterly basis starting with the first full quarter after the
grant award. (e) Maintain a financial management system that is acceptable to
the Agency. (f) Ensure that records are maintained to document all activities
and expenditures utilizing RCDI grant funds and matching funds. Receipts for
expenditures will be included in this documentation. (g) Provide annual audits
or management reports on Form RD 442-2, ``Statement of Budget, Income and
Equity,'' and Form RD 442-3, ``Balance Sheet,'' depending on the amount of
Federal funds expended and the outstanding balance. (h) Collect and maintain
data provided by recipients on race, sex, and national origin and ensure
recipients collect and maintain the same data on [[Page 32285]] beneficiaries.
Race and ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with OMB Federal
Register notice, ``Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of Federal
Data on Race and Ethnicity,'' (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data will be
collected in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. These
items should not be submitted with the application but should be available upon
request by the Agency. (i) Provide a final project performance report. (j)
Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees. (k) The intermediary and recipient must comply with Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section
504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Executive Order 12250, Age Act of 1975,
Executive Order 13166 Limited English Proficiency and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart
E. (l) The grantee must comply with policies, guidance, and requirements as
described in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any
successor regulations: (i) 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements For Federal Awards). (ii)
2 CFR parts 417 and 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension
(Nonprocurement). (m) Form AD-3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or
Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' Must be signed by corporate
applicants who receive an award under this Notice. 3. Reporting After grant
approval and through grant completion, you will be required to provide the
following, as indicated in the Grant Agreement: (a) SF-425, ``Federal Financial
Report'' and SF-PPR, ``Performance Progress Report'' will be required on a
quarterly basis (due 30 working days after each calendar quarter). The
Performance Progress Report shall include the elements described in the grant
agreement. (b) Final financial and performance reports will be due 90 calendar
days after the period of performance end date. (c) A summary at the end of the
final report with elements as described in the grant agreement to assist in
documenting the annual performance goals of the RCDI program for Congress. G.
Federal Awarding Agency Contact Contact the Rural Development office in the
State where the applicant's headquarters is located. A list of Rural Development
State Offices contacts can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. H. Other Information
Survey on Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants, OMB No. 1894- 0010 (applies
to nonprofit applicants only--submission is optional). No reimbursement will be
made for any funds expended prior to execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement
unless the intermediary is a non- profit or educational entity and has requested
and received written Agency approval of the costs prior to the actual
expenditure. This exception is applicable for up to 90 days prior to grant
closing and only applies to grantees that have received written approval but
have not executed the RCDI Grant Agreement. The Agency cannot retroactively
approve reimbursement for expenditures prior to execution of the RCDI Grant
Agreement. Program Definitions Agency--The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its
successor. Beneficiary--Entities or individuals that receive benefits from
assistance provided by the recipient. Capacity--The ability of a recipient to
implement housing, community facilities, or community and economic development
projects. Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or entity has
competing personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult
for the person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and
matching funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve
a real or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents,
or their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the
grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either, have
the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant. Federally recognized
tribes--Tribal entities recognized and eligible for funding and services from
the Bureau of Indian Affairs, based on the most recent notice in the Federal
Register published by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Tribally Designated Housing
Entities are eligible RCDI recipients. Financial assistance--Funds, not to
exceed $10,000 per award, used by the intermediary to purchase supplies and
equipment to build the recipient's capacity. Funds--The RCDI grant and matching
money. Intermediary--A qualified private, nonprofit (including faith-based and
community organizations and philanthropic organizations), or public (including
tribal) organization that provides financial and technical assistance to
multiple recipients. Low-income rural community--An authority, district,
economic development authority, regional council, or unit of government
representing an incorporated city, town, village, county, township, parish, or
borough whose income is at or below 80 percent of either the state or national
Median Household Income as measured by the 2010 Census. Matching funds--Cash or
confirmed funding commitments. Matching funds must be at least equal to the
grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the grant performance
period. Recipient---The entity that receives the financial and technical
assistance from the Intermediary. The recipient must be a nonprofit
community-based housing and development organization, a low-income rural
community or a federally recognized Tribe. Rural and rural area--Any area other
than (i) a city or town that has a population of greater than 50,000
inhabitants; and (ii) the urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to such city or
town. Technical assistance--Skilled help in improving the recipient's abilities
in the areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development. Non-Discrimination Statement In accordance with Federal civil
rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations
and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, [[Page
32286]] gender identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation,
disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a
public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for
prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by
USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing
deadlines vary by program or incident. Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means of communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large
print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible
Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA
through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program
information may be made available in languages other than English. To file a
program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination
Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) By mail:
U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov Persons With Disabilities
Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons
with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see information
above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you require
alternative means of communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large
print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD). Appeal Process All adverse determinations regarding applicant
eligibility and the awarding of points as part of the selection process are
appealable pursuant to 7 CFR part 11. Instructions on the appeal process will be
provided at the time an applicant is notified of the adverse decision. In the
event the applicant is awarded a grant that is less than the amount requested,
the applicant will be required to modify its application to conform to the
reduced amount before execution of the grant agreement. The Agency reserves the
right to reduce or withdraw the award if acceptable modifications are not
submitted by the awardee within 15 working days from the date the request for
modification is made. Any modifications must be within the scope of the original
application. Dated: May 17, 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing
Service. [FR Doc. 2016-12070 Filed 5-20-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             April 5, 2007 Thursday

Briefs

SECTION: BRIEFS

LENGTH: 478 words

MONTEREY

Mazda Raceway CEO nominated for award

Gill Campbell, CEO and general manager of Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, has been
nominated for the Silicon Valley/San Jose Business Journal's Women of
Distinction Award and will be honored at a dinner tonight.

During the past five years, Campbell has spearheaded several capital improvement
projects and the return to the U.S. of MotoGP World Championship motorcycle
racing through the raceway's Red Bull U.S. Grand Prix.

For the raceway's 2007 schedule, call (800) 327-SECA, or see
www.laguna-seca.com.

SALINAS

Three nonprofits get $150,000 grant

Three local nonprofits that help increase ownership and wealth opportunities for
farmworkers and other low-income residents will receive a major grant from the
National Rural Funders Collaborative.

The Agricultural and Land-Based Training Association, El Pájaro Community
Development Corporation and the Salinas United Business Association will receive
$150,000 per year for two years to continue their organizations' work, which
includes small-business development and education, increased farm and
homeownership opportunities, and better access to capital.

The three nonprofits, collectively known as the Salinas and Pájaro Valleys Small
and Micro-Business Initiative, are one of five regional initiatives across the
country to receive funding from the collaborative. Rai$ing Change, an South
Monterey County initiative focused on creating wealth-building opportunities for
small business and farm development among local farmworkers and immigrants, also
received a grant.

MONTEREY

German winemaker to be guest on 'Tasty Planet'

German winemaker Rainer Lingenfelder will discuss "Post-Chardonnism" and the
business of making and selling wine in a growing global marketplace on
Saturday's "Tasty Planet" radio show, 1 to 4 p.m. on KRXA 540AM.

Host Scott Dick will talk to Chef Dory Ford of Bon Appetite Management Company
and the Monterey Bay Aquarium and Claudia Goebbels, a German television
journalist and chef instructor on food trends in Germany.

The show can be heard live, and podcasts are available at www.tastyplanet.org.

MOSS LANDING

Boot camp to cover nonprofit accounting

A one-day Nonprofit Accounting Boot Camp will be held 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. April
18 at Moss Landing Marine Laboratories, 8272 Moss Landing Road.

The boot camp is an effort to strengthen the financial accounting and reporting
processes of nonprofits statewide. Alan Strand, director of finance and quality
reporting for the California Association of Nonprofits, will lead the workshop.

Staff members and volunteers who are responsible for the accounting, financial
reporting and related tasks at Central Coast nonprofits are invited to attend.

Cost is $50 for California Association of Nonprofit members and $75 for others.
For information or to register, call (213) 347-2070, ext. 205, or see
www.CAnonprofits.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 23, 2001 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

In Va., an Uphill Battle for Water;
Volunteers Help Lay Pipes to Their Mountain Homes In Rare Venture With
Government

BYLINE: Craig Timberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1303 words

DATELINE: PEAPATCH, Va.


Here in the coal country of southwest Virginia, wells dry up so often there's an
expression for it: "The mine sunk my well." Water disappears through cracks in
the earth as miners dig under mountain hamlets like this one, and homes that had
plentiful water for years get one last flush, then nothing.

Half of the region's 30,000 wells and springs have gone bad over the past
decade, according to some estimates, forcing an increasingly desperate search
for solutions. Roofs become cisterns, with gutters draining into giant barrels.
Hauling water becomes a weekly chore. And conservation -- watching every shower,
every load of laundry -- becomes a way of life.

It was against this setting of chronic, crippling water shortages that state
officials saw an opportunity for a new type of program that mixes traditional
government largess with the community spirit once used to raise barns and build
schoolhouses. Taxpayers pick up the cost of the pipes and equipment, but the
area's residents do the labor, showing how a self-interested brand of
volunteerism can bring services to communities that otherwise might not get
them.

Officials acknowledge that the program is only a small part of solving the
region's $ 283 million worth of water problems, but it is offering hope to those
in Peapatch and other remote rural communities that water may soon flow again.

"I'd like to have it so when the kids come home, they can shower all they want,"
said Gay Hale, 85, whose well went mostly dry a half-century ago and who still
raised four children at home through a combination of inventiveness and sheer
will.

She can hardly wait for the day, now about a month away, when Peapatch's own
waterline finally will give her enough water to keep her garden fresh through
the summer heat. "You come back . . . when we get water and see my flowers,"
Hale said.

Not far down White Mountain, a dozen men from the area -- including Hale's son
and grandson -- were laying four-inch water pipes for an extension that will
soon snake nine miles up to Peapatch, elevation 2,970 feet.

The older men were flagging traffic. And all but the two county employees
overseeing the work were donating their time, a sacrifice that makes the project
financially feasible in the most economically distraught region in the state.

Virginia has built 14 water projects, mostly in the coalfields region, using the
self-help program. With funding from the federal Community Development Block
Grant program, the Appalachian Regional Commission and some local sources, the
projects have extended water to 520 homes at a cost of $ 3.1 million, or just
under $ 6,000 a home. Hiring contractors to do the same job, program officials
say, would have cost nearly three times as much, if the work had been done at
all.

The push for the self-help programs comes from a nonprofit group in Upstate New
York called the Rensselaerville Institute, which promotes community development.
Only Texas has used the approach more often than Virginia, though nationwide
hundreds of projects have been built this way in at least 17 states, including
Maryland, said Jane Schautz, who recently retired from the institute. The model
also has been used for public health initiatives and road construction in rural
communities.

"It works because people see themselves as integral to the solution, and their
creativity is freed," Schautz said.

Advocates for the program had to overcome the skepticism of bureaucrats who had
trouble imagining residents working for free. "I thought it was the craziest,
kookiest thing I'd ever heard of," said James G. Wallace, an official with the
state's Department of Housing and Community Development, which oversees the
program.

That was before he met Thurmon Hackworth Jr., 49, a disabled coal miner whom
friends and neighbors call "Junior." He broke his back twice during a mining
career of more than 25 years. Now, he's what program officials call a "spark
plug," because he has organized and motivated the community to build the
Peapatch waterline, even though his contribution to the physical labor is
limited.

He moved up on White Mountain, on the road to Peapatch, four years ago, putting
a mobile home next to a house long owned by his mother-in-law and hooking up to
a well. A few months later, Hackworth awoke in the middle of the night, used the
toilet and it didn't refill. He spent the next day buying a 325-gallon tank and
filling it with water that flowed out of an abandoned mine at the base of the
mountain.

"If you run out of water, it doesn't matter how you feel. If you're sick or
tired, you still have to do it," Hackworth said.

Such tales are common in and around Peapatch, which has 50 homes, six
cemeteries, three churches and stunning mountain views of nearby West Virginia.
The pea patches for which the town is named are long gone, as is the Peapatch
Post Office. And the nearest shopping is an hour away down steep, twisty roads.

Folks here make an unspoken trade: clean mountain air -- and the freedom to live
in peace that only remoteness guarantees -- in exchange for making water
management a central part of every day.

That means fast showers. Or washing children two by two in a tub. Or keeping an
old wringer washer because it uses less water than a modern one. And forget
about washing the car or watering the grass. Such suburban comforts are hard to
justify when the county's water truck may not make a delivery for another week.

Coal mining gets most of the blame around here for the region's water troubles,
though drilling for natural gas and the region's three-year-old drought also are
culprits, local officials say. Drilling and mining break the aquifers that feed
the wells, draining away groundwater in a region that already has little in the
way of natural reserves.

A state law passed in 1992 requires that coal companies replace water sources
they damage, though such cases can be difficult to prove. Many problems started
before the law was passed, meaning there is no clear legal remedy, though a
portion of the tax on coal mining funds water projects.

"Industry does, as required by statute, replace water that it damages and
frequently goes beyond what's required by law," said W. Thomas Hudson, president
of the Virginia Coal Association, an industry trade group.

"It's a societal problem," he said, "and everybody ought to contribute to it."

Everyone does. State Del. Clarence E. "Bud" Phillips, a Democrat from nearby
Dickenson County, says tens of millions of state and federal tax dollars flow to
the region for water projects each year.

Phillips, a lawyer who sometimes sues coal companies in water cases, said only
more money can solve problems, though self-help programs do some good. The other
option is for residents to move, which many are reluctant to do because of the
deep roots of mountain families.

"Our people are very independent-minded," Phillips said. "They feel very
comfortable in these mountains and don't want to leave. . . . Why should we
leave if the problems weren't caused by us?"

Yet some do leave. At the base of White Mountain, in Jewell Valley, is a row of
identical houses, abandoned and overgrown with weeds. The old mining camp nearly
emptied out 15 years ago when a coal company shuttered the mine the camp was
built to serve. When the company turned off the water system, most residents
moved away.

Then last summer, the same waterline that is heading up to Peapatch ran through
Jewell Valley. Suddenly, there was no more hauling water, no more watching every
drop that came out of the faucet. Residents were so grateful that some
volunteered for the Peapatch project.

"I'm tickled to death with it. You can't do without water," said David
Hackworth, 47, a nephew of Junior, as they worked on the waterline. "We don't
save a drop."

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 23, 2001 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

In Va., an Uphill Battle for Water;
Volunteers Help Lay Pipes to Their Mountain Homes In Rare Venture With
Government

BYLINE: Craig Timberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1303 words

DATELINE: PEAPATCH, Va.


Here in the coal country of southwest Virginia, wells dry up so often there's an
expression for it: "The mine sunk my well." Water disappears through cracks in
the earth as miners dig under mountain hamlets like this one, and homes that had
plentiful water for years get one last flush, then nothing.

Half of the region's 30,000 wells and springs have gone bad over the past
decade, according to some estimates, forcing an increasingly desperate search
for solutions. Roofs become cisterns, with gutters draining into giant barrels.
Hauling water becomes a weekly chore. And conservation -- watching every shower,
every load of laundry -- becomes a way of life.

It was against this setting of chronic, crippling water shortages that state
officials saw an opportunity for a new type of program that mixes traditional
government largess with the community spirit once used to raise barns and build
schoolhouses. Taxpayers pick up the cost of the pipes and equipment, but the
area's residents do the labor, showing how a self-interested brand of
volunteerism can bring services to communities that otherwise might not get
them.

Officials acknowledge that the program is only a small part of solving the
region's $ 283 million worth of water problems, but it is offering hope to those
in Peapatch and other remote rural communities that water may soon flow again.

"I'd like to have it so when the kids come home, they can shower all they want,"
said Gay Hale, 85, whose well went mostly dry a half-century ago and who still
raised four children at home through a combination of inventiveness and sheer
will.

She can hardly wait for the day, now about a month away, when Peapatch's own
waterline finally will give her enough water to keep her garden fresh through
the summer heat. "You come back . . . when we get water and see my flowers,"
Hale said.

Not far down White Mountain, a dozen men from the area -- including Hale's son
and grandson -- were laying four-inch water pipes for an extension that will
soon snake nine miles up to Peapatch, elevation 2,970 feet.

The older men were flagging traffic. And all but the two county employees
overseeing the work were donating their time, a sacrifice that makes the project
financially feasible in the most economically distraught region in the state.

Virginia has built 14 water projects, mostly in the coalfields region, using the
self-help program. With funding from the federal Community Development Block
Grant program, the Appalachian Regional Commission and some local sources, the
projects have extended water to 520 homes at a cost of $ 3.1 million, or just
under $ 6,000 a home. Hiring contractors to do the same job, program officials
say, would have cost nearly three times as much, if the work had been done at
all.

The push for the self-help programs comes from a nonprofit group in Upstate New
York called the Rensselaerville Institute, which promotes community development.
Only Texas has used the approach more often than Virginia, though nationwide
hundreds of projects have been built this way in at least 17 states, including
Maryland, said Jane Schautz, who recently retired from the institute. The model
also has been used for public health initiatives and road construction in rural
communities.

"It works because people see themselves as integral to the solution, and their
creativity is freed," Schautz said.

Advocates for the program had to overcome the skepticism of bureaucrats who had
trouble imagining residents working for free. "I thought it was the craziest,
kookiest thing I'd ever heard of," said James G. Wallace, an official with the
state's Department of Housing and Community Development, which oversees the
program.

That was before he met Thurmon Hackworth Jr., 49, a disabled coal miner whom
friends and neighbors call "Junior." He broke his back twice during a mining
career of more than 25 years. Now, he's what program officials call a "spark
plug," because he has organized and motivated the community to build the
Peapatch waterline, even though his contribution to the physical labor is
limited.

He moved up on White Mountain, on the road to Peapatch, four years ago, putting
a mobile home next to a house long owned by his mother-in-law and hooking up to
a well. A few months later, Hackworth awoke in the middle of the night, used the
toilet and it didn't refill. He spent the next day buying a 325-gallon tank and
filling it with water that flowed out of an abandoned mine at the base of the
mountain.

"If you run out of water, it doesn't matter how you feel. If you're sick or
tired, you still have to do it," Hackworth said.

Such tales are common in and around Peapatch, which has 50 homes, six
cemeteries, three churches and stunning mountain views of nearby West Virginia.
The pea patches for which the town is named are long gone, as is the Peapatch
Post Office. And the nearest shopping is an hour away down steep, twisty roads.

Folks here make an unspoken trade: clean mountain air -- and the freedom to live
in peace that only remoteness guarantees -- in exchange for making water
management a central part of every day.

That means fast showers. Or washing children two by two in a tub. Or keeping an
old wringer washer because it uses less water than a modern one. And forget
about washing the car or watering the grass. Such suburban comforts are hard to
justify when the county's water truck may not make a delivery for another week.

Coal mining gets most of the blame around here for the region's water troubles,
though drilling for natural gas and the region's three-year-old drought also are
culprits, local officials say. Drilling and mining break the aquifers that feed
the wells, draining away groundwater in a region that already has little in the
way of natural reserves.

A state law passed in 1992 requires that coal companies replace water sources
they damage, though such cases can be difficult to prove. Many problems started
before the law was passed, meaning there is no clear legal remedy, though a
portion of the tax on coal mining funds water projects.

"Industry does, as required by statute, replace water that it damages and
frequently goes beyond what's required by law," said W. Thomas Hudson, president
of the Virginia Coal Association, an industry trade group.

"It's a societal problem," he said, "and everybody ought to contribute to it."

Everyone does. State Del. Clarence E. "Bud" Phillips, a Democrat from nearby
Dickenson County, says tens of millions of state and federal tax dollars flow to
the region for water projects each year.

Phillips, a lawyer who sometimes sues coal companies in water cases, said only
more money can solve problems, though self-help programs do some good. The other
option is for residents to move, which many are reluctant to do because of the
deep roots of mountain families.

"Our people are very independent-minded," Phillips said. "They feel very
comfortable in these mountains and don't want to leave. . . . Why should we
leave if the problems weren't caused by us?"

Yet some do leave. At the base of White Mountain, in Jewell Valley, is a row of
identical houses, abandoned and overgrown with weeds. The old mining camp nearly
emptied out 15 years ago when a coal company shuttered the mine the camp was
built to serve. When the company turned off the water system, most residents
moved away.

Then last summer, the same waterline that is heading up to Peapatch ran through
Jewell Valley. Suddenly, there was no more hauling water, no more watching every
drop that came out of the faucet. Residents were so grateful that some
volunteered for the Peapatch project.

"I'm tickled to death with it. You can't do without water," said David
Hackworth, 47, a nephew of Junior, as they worked on the waterline. "We don't
save a drop."

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             July 17, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Grants approved to renovate housing

BYLINE: By Jonathan D. Epstein - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 426 words


New York state's housing agencies have approved $1.1 million in grants to
Western New York organizations and municipalities to renovate affordable housing
and support growth and job creation by small businesses.

The money, allocated by two related agencies on Thursday to five entities in
Buffalo and outlying areas, is part of $18.4 million in grants and financings
that the state awarded to build or renovate affordable housing, help businesses
grow and support homeowners facing foreclosure.

Of that, the New York State Housing Finance Agency's Affordable Housing Corp.
approved $13 million in financings to build or renovate 598 affordable housing
units.

Also, the Housing Finance Agency's Housing Trust Fund Corp. approved another
$5.4 million through three different programs. That includes $2 million in state
Community Development Block Grants that will help create 148 jobs for low- and
moderate-income families, and another $3.2 million to enable organizations
around the state to provide free, professional foreclosure prevention and
counseling services.

Specifically, in Erie County, the AHC approved dual $200,000 grants to the Town
of Amherst and the Lt. Col. Matt Urban Human Services Center of Western New
York. Amherst will use the money for its Home Rehabilitation Matching Grant
Program to pay for renovations of 40 homes in the town, while the Urban Center
will finance renovations to 20 single-family homes in Buffalo.

The Housing Trust Fund Corp. also awarded a $200,000 grant through its Urban
Initiatives Program to rehab a two-story building and renovate two affordable
apartments in Buffalo.

In other area counties, the AHC gave out a $300,000 grant to the Rural Housing
Opportunities Corp. to buy and rehabilitate 10 single-family homes in Genesee,
Orleans and three other counties in the Rochester area.

The Housing Trust Fund Corp. awarded $105,000 in Community Development Block
Grant money for Wyoming County to help Steel & O'Brien Manufacturing expand and
create seven jobs. Another $500,000 will come from private financing.

That agency also gave $90,000 in block grant money to Wyoming County to help RS
Maher & Sons expand and add five jobs, using another $140,000 in private money.

Additionally, the AHC approved an $875,000 grant to Habitat for Humanity of New
York State to build 25 homes in 11 counties statewide, including Erie County.
And it approved a $600,000 grant to the Bishop Sheen Ecumenical Housing
Foundation for home improvements of 112 homes in 12 counties, including Allegany
County.

e-mail: jepstein@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               February 08, 2007
                              Business Day Edition

Microsoft charity going begging

BYLINE: Lesley Stones

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 402  words


Microsoft charity going begging

NOT enough charities are coming forward with sensible business plans to win
donations from Microsoft SA, the company says.

Microsoft makes more contributions to social responsibility initiatives than any
other hi-tech company, donating $68m in cash and $331m in software to non-profit
organisations throughout the world last year.

Yet the charities in SA are not professional enough in their approach to win
more of that support, says Lungile Lose, Microsoft SA's community affairs
manager. Instead of being inundated with requests for cash and free software,
Microsoft SA often has to sit with the charities and show them how they could
benefit, he says.

Those that do seek funding often need help in drawing up a sound proposal.

More cash would be available for SA if local worthy causes were better at
presenting initiatives that pique the interest of its parent company, but they
lose out to charities in other countries that are far more professional in their
requests for cash.

"In this country, we have to work closely with non-governmental organisations to
encourage them to come up with proposals," Lose says.

This year, Microsoft SA has approved grants of about R1,5m, up 46% from last
year because some charities presented better business plans.

"The grants are issued on a competitive basis worldwide, so we compete with the
Middle East and Africa for grant allocations," says Lose. The firm was pleased
to get more funds allocated to SA. "We got a 46% increase because our programmes
this year have much more national impact."

Last month, Microsoft SA handed over the first R800000 and will donate software
to three organisations working to improve their communities. One was Skills
Development and Economic Independence of the Disabled, a body helping physically
disabled people earn a living by setting up income-generating centres in each
province by 2008.

Cash also went to the E-community Development Forum, a Western Cape project
helping to set up more centres to provide access to government information over
the internet in rural areas. The third donation went to a Telecentre "Train the
Trainer" project to develop the skills of telecentre operators.

Microsoft SA aims to work with local organisations to help at least 775000
people realise their potential through the use of technology over the next three
years, says Chose Choeu, its director of law and corporate affairs.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

BMS awards nine new grants to fight against hepatitis B and C in China and India

SECTION: OTHER CONTRACT SERVICES; Strategy And Business Planning

LENGTH: 346 words



HIGHLIGHT: Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) Foundation has awarded nine new grants for
the projects in China and India, in a bid to combat Hepatitis B and C infection
in both the countries.


The multi-year grants that worth about $3.5m will be used for the projects that
focus on hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in
high-risk patient populations.

The grants are being provided through the foundation's Delivering Hope
initiative that supported about 40 projects in China and India since 2002.

Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation president John Damonti said: "Delivering Hope
continues to increase its focus on HBV and HCV in China and India, the two
countries that have the highest incidence of viral hepatitis worldwide."

The grants received in China include Peking University Education Foundation to
develop virtual community for chronic hepatitis patients to provide a support
system.

Hepatitis B Foundation, along with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and
Prevention, will develop a programme to empower rural patients to become
actively involved in their disease management.

Wu Jieping Medical Foundation will conduct a study of the present status of HCV
treatment and the factors that influence it and will investigate HCV management
and education status among specific at-risk populations.

Inno Community Development Organisation will encourage self-screening and raise
awareness among migrant workers, and will establish ten community-based
Hepatitis C Intervention Centers for the migrant population in Guangdong
Province.

In India, the grants secured include All India Institute of Diabetes and
Research for a pilot programme in Mehsana and Sabarkantha, two rural districts
in the state of Gujrat that have experienced HBV outbreaks.

MAMTA will provide training in HBV and HCV risk assessment, disease prevention
and risk management for health care providers, including doctors, nurses, lab
technicians and others who come into direct contact with hepatitis patients.

United Way of Mumbai will carry out medical interventions and extensive
community education in around 18 slum areas in Mumbai, India, while SAMARTH will
conduct training activities to strengthen partners' ability to self-monitor and
evaluate their programme's progress.

LOAD-DATE: December 05, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

Applications: Rural Community Development Initiative

LENGTH: 9458  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service (RHS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an agency within the USDA Rural Development
mission area herein referred to as the Agency announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.
Applicants must provide matching funds in an amount at least equal to the
Federal grant. These grants will be made to qualified intermediary organizations
that will provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop
their capacity and ability to undertake projects related to housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development that will support the
community.

This Notice lists the information needed to submit an application for these
funds. This Notice contains revised evaluation criteria that are streamlined, in
order to enhance program efficiency and delivery.
Dates

The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, August 13,
2015. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any
application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted.
Addresses

Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.

Application information for electronic submissions may be found at http://www.
grants.gov.

Applicants may also request paper application packages from the Rural
Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development State offices can
be found via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
For Further Information Contact

The Rural Development office for the state in which the applicant is located. A
list of Rural Development State Office contacts is provided at the following
link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
Paperwork Reduction Act

The paperwork burden has been cleared by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) under OMB Control Number 0575-0180.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Community Development Initiative.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.446.

Dates: The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, August
13, 2015. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider
any application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted.
A. Program Description

Congress first authorized the RCDI in 1999 (Pub. L. 106-78, which was amended
most recently by The Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act,
2015 (Pub. L. 113-235)). The RCDI was authorized to develop the capacity and
ability of qualified private, nonprofit community-based housing and community
development organizations, low-income rural communities, and federally
recognized Native American Tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Strengthening the recipient's capacity in these areas will benefit the
communities they serve. The RCDI structure requires the intermediary (grantee)
to provide a program of financial and technical assistance to recipients. The
recipients will, in turn, provide programs to their communities (beneficiaries).

Of particular note this year, the Agency is encouraging applications for
projects based in or servicing high poverty areas. This emphasis will support
Rural Development's (RD) mission of improving the quality of life for rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them.
B. Federal Award Information

Congress, in The Continuing and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015
(Pub.L. 113-235), appropriated $4,000,000 in FY 2015 for the RCDI program. The
amount of funding received in the FY 2015 Appropriations Act can also be found
at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas#nosa.

Qualified private, nonprofit and public (including tribal) intermediary
organizations proposing to carry out financial and technical assistance programs
will be eligible to receive the grant funding.

The intermediary will be required to provide matching funds in an amount at
least equal to the RCDI grant.

A grant will be the type of assistance instrument awarded to successful
applications.

The respective minimum and maximum grant amount per intermediary is $50,000 and
$250,000.

Grant funds must be utilized within 3 years from date of the award.

A grantee that has an outstanding RCDI grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, is not eligible to apply for this round of
funding.

The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical assistance to
one or more of the following: A private, nonprofit community-based housing and
development organization, a low-income rural community or a federally recognized
tribe.
C. Eligibility Information

Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility requirements by the
application deadline. Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements
by the application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated
further, and will not receive a Federal award.
1. Eligible Applicants

(a) Qualified private, nonprofit, (including faith-based and community
organizations and philanthropic foundations), in accordance with 7 CFR part 16,
and public (including tribal) intermediary organizations are eligible
applicants. Definitions that describe eligible organizations and other key terms
are listed below.

(b) The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing and development
organization, low-income rural community, or federally recognized tribe based on
the RCDI definitions of these groups.

(c) Private nonprofit, faith or community-based organizations must provide a
certificate of incorporation and good standing from the Secretary of the State
of incorporation, or other similar and valid documentation of nonprofit status.
For low-income rural community recipients, the Agency requires evidence that the
entity is a public body and census data verifying that the median household
income of the community where the office receiving the financial and technical
assistance is located is at, or below, 80 percent of the State or national
median household income, whichever is higher. For federally recognized tribes,
the Agency needs the page listing their name from the currentFederal
Registerlist of tribal entities recognized and eligible for funding services
(see the definition of federally recognized tribes in this Notice for details on
this list).

(d) Any corporation (1) that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation
under any Federal law within the past 24 months or (2) that has any unpaid
Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability; is not eligible for financial
assistance provided with funds appropriated by the Consolidated and Further
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015, unless a Federal agency has considered
suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that
this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government.

2. Cost Sharing or Matching

There is a matching requirement of at least equal to the amount of the grant. If
this matching funds requirement is not met, the application will be deemed
ineligible. See section D, Application and Submission Information, for required
pre-award and post award matching funds documentation submission.

The intermediary must provide matching funds at least equal to the amount of the
grant. Verification of matching funds must be submitted with the application.
Matching funds must be committed for a period equal to the grant performance
period. The intermediary will be required to provide matching funds in an amount
at least equal to the RCDI grant. In-kind contributions such as salaries,
donated time and effort, real and nonexpendable personal property and goods and
services cannot be used as matching funds.

Matching funds are cash or confirmed funding commitments and must be at least
equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the grant
performance period. These funds can only be used for eligible RCDI activities.
Matching funds must be used to support the overall purpose of the RCDI program.

In-kind contributions such as salaries, donated time and effort, real and
nonexpendable personal property and goods and services cannot be used as
matching funds.

Grant funds and matching funds must be used in equal proportions. This does not
mean funds have to be used equally by line item.

The request for advance or reimbursement and supporting documentation must show
that RCDI fund usage does not exceed the cumulative amount of matching funds
used.

Grant funds will be disbursed pursuant to relevant provisions of 2 CFR parts 200
and 400. Verification of matching funds must be submitted with the application.
See Section D, other program requirements, for matching funds documentation and
pre-award requirements.

The intermediary is responsible for demonstrating that matching funds are
available, and committed for a period of not less than the grant performance
period to the RCDI proposal. Matching funds may be provided by the intermediary
or a third party. Other Federal funds may be used as matching funds if
authorized by statute and the purpose of the funds is an eligible RCDI purpose.

RCDI funds will be disbursed on an advance or reimbursement basis. Matching
funds cannot be expended prior to execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.
3. Other Program Requirements

(a) The recipient and beneficiary, but not the intermediary, must be located in
an eligible rural area. The physical location of the recipient's office that
will be receiving the financial and technical assistance must be in an eligible
rural area. If the recipient is a low-income community, the median household
income of the area where the office is located must be at or below 80 percent of
the State or national median household income, whichever is higher. The
applicable Rural Development State Office can assist in determining the
eligibility of an area.

A listing of Rural Development State Office contacts can be found at the
following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. A map
showing eligible rural areas can be found at the following link:
http://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?pageAction=RBSm
enu&NavKey=property@13.

(b) RCDI grantees that have an outstanding grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, will not be eligible to apply for this
round of funding. Grant and matching funds must be utilized in a timely manner
to ensure that the goals and objectives of the program are met.

(c) Individuals cannot be recipients.

(d) The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical
assistance to the recipient.

(e) The intermediary organization must have been legally organized for a minimum
of 3 years and have at least 3 years prior experience working with private
nonprofit community-based housing and development organizations, low-income
rural communities, or tribal organizations in the areas of housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development.

(f) Proposals must be structured to utilize the grant funds within 3 years from
the date of the award.

(g) Each applicant, whether singularly or jointly, may only submit one
application for RCDI funds under this Notice. This restriction does not preclude
the applicant from providing matching funds for other applications.

(h) Recipients can benefit from more than one RCDI application; however, after
grant selections are made, the recipient can only benefit from multiple RCDI
grants if the type of financial and technical assistance the recipient will
receive is not duplicative. The services described in multiple RCDI grant
applications must have separate and identifiable accounts for compliance
purposes.

(i) The intermediary and the recipient cannot be the same entity. The recipient
can be a related entity to the intermediary, if it meets the definition of a
recipient, provided the relationship does not create a Conflict of Interest that
cannot be resolved to Rural Development's satisfaction.

(j) If the recipient is a low-income rural community, identify the unit of
government to which the financial and technical assistance will be provided,
e.g., town council or village board. The financial and technical assistance must
be provided to the organized unit of government representing that community, not
the community at large.
4. Eligible Grant Purposes

Fund uses must be consistent with the RCDI purpose. A nonexclusive list of
eligible grant uses includes the following:

(a) Provide technical assistance to develop recipients' capacity and ability to
undertake projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and
economic development, e.g., the intermediary hires a staff person to provide
technical assistance to the recipient or the recipient hires a staff person,
under the supervision of the intermediary, to carry out the technical assistance
provided by the intermediary.

(b) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct community development
programs, e.g., homeownership education or training for business entrepreneurs.

(c) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct development initiatives, e.g.,
programs that support micro-enterprise and sustainable development.

(d) Develop the capacity of recipients to increase their leveraging ability and
access to alternative funding sources by providing training and staffing.

(e) Develop the capacity of recipients to provide the technical assistance
component for essential community facilities projects.

(f) Assist recipients in completing pre-development requirements for housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development projects by
providing resources for professional services, e.g., architectural, engineering,
or legal.

(g) Improve recipient's organizational capacity by providing training and
resource material on developing strategic plans, board operations, management,
financial systems, and information technology.

(h) Purchase of computers, software, and printers, limited to $10,000 per award,
at the recipient level when directly related to the technical assistance program
being undertaken by the intermediary.

(i) Provide funds to recipients for training-related travel costs and training
expenses related to RCDI.
5. Ineligible Fund Uses

The following is a list of ineligible grant uses:

(a) Pass-through grants, and any funds provided to the recipient in a lump sum
that are not reimbursements.

(b) Funding a revolving loan fund (RLF).

(c) Construction (in any form).

(d) Salaries for positions involved in construction, renovations,
rehabilitation, and any oversight of these types of activities.

(e) Intermediary preparation of strategic plans for recipients.

(f) Funding prostitution, gambling, or any illegal activities.

(g) Grants to individuals.

(h) Funding a grant where there may be a conflict of interest, or an appearance
of a conflict of interest, involving any action by the Agency.

(i) Paying obligations incurred before the beginning date without prior Agency
approval or after the ending date of the grant agreement.

(j) Purchasing real estate.

(k) Improvement or renovation of the grantee's, or recipient's office space or
for the repair or maintenance of privately owned vehicles.

(l) Any purpose prohibited in 2 CFR part 200 or 400.

(m) Using funds for recipient's general operating costs.

(n) Using grant or matching funds for Individual Development Accounts.

(o) Purchasing vehicles.
6. Program Examples and Restrictions

The following are examples of eligible and ineligible purposes under the RCDI
program. (These examples are illustrative and are not meant to limit the
activities proposed in the application. Activities that meet the objectives of
the RCDI program and meet the criteria outlined in this Notice will be
considered eligible.)

(a) The intermediary must work directly with the recipient, not the ultimate
beneficiaries. As an example:

The intermediary provides training to the recipient on how to conduct
homeownership education classes. The recipient then provides ongoing
homeownership education to the residents of the community--the ultimate
beneficiaries. This "train the trainer" concept fully meets the intent of this
initiative. The intermediary is providing technical assistance that will build
the recipient's capacity by enabling them to conduct homeownership education
classes for the public.

This is an eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary directly provided
homeownership education classes to individuals in the recipient's service area,
this would not be an eligible purpose because the recipient would be bypassed.

(b) If the intermediary is working with a low-income community as the recipient,
the intermediary must provide the technical assistance to the entity that
represents the low-income community and is identified in the application.
Examples of entities representing a low-income community are a village board or
a town council.

If the intermediary provides technical assistance to the Board of the low-income
community on how to establish a cooperative, this would be an eligible purpose.
However, if the intermediary works directly with individuals from the community
to establish the cooperative, this is not an eligible purpose.

The recipient's capacity is built by learning skills that will enable them to
support sustainable economic development in their communities on an ongoing
basis.

(c) The intermediary may provide technical assistance to the recipient on how to
create and operate a revolving loan fund. The intermediary may notmonitor or
operate the revolving loan fund. RCDI funds, including matching funds, cannot be
used to fund revolving loan funds.

(d) The intermediary may work with recipients in building their capacity to
provide planning and leadership development training. The recipients of this
training would be expected to assume leadership roles in the development and
execution of regional strategic plans. The intermediary would work with multiple
recipients in helping communities recognize their connections to the greater
regional and national economies.

(e) The intermediary could provide training and technical assistance to the
recipients on developing emergency shelter and feeding, short-term housing,
search and rescue, and environmental accident, prevention, and cleanup program
plans. For longer term disaster and economic crisis responses, the intermediary
could work with the recipients to develop job placement and training programs,
and develop coordinated transit systems for displaced workers.
D. Application and Submission Information
1. Address To Request Application Package

Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.

Application information for electronic submissions may be found at http://www.
grants.gov.

Applicants may also request paper application packages from the Rural
Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development State office
contacts can be found via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
You may also obtain a copy by calling 202-205-9685.
2. Content and Form of Application Submission

If the applicant is ineligible or the application is incomplete, the Agency will
inform the applicant in writing of the decision, reasons therefore, and its
appeal rights and no further evaluation of the application will occur.

A complete application for RCDI funds must include the following:

(a) A summary page, double-spaced between items, listing the following: (This
information should not be presented in narrative form.)

(1) Applicant's name,

(2) Applicant's address,

(3) Applicant's telephone number,

(4) Name of applicant's contact person and telephone number,

(5) Applicant's fax number,

(6) County where applicant is located,

(7) Congressional district number where applicant is located,

(8) Amount of grant request, and

(9) Number of recipients.

(b) A detailed Table of Contents containing page numbers for each component of
the application.

(c) A project overview, no longer than five pages, including the following
items, which will also be addressed separately and in detail under "Building
Capacity and Expertise" of the "Evaluation Criteria."

(1) The type of technical assistance to be provided to the recipients and how it
will be implemented.

(2) How the capacity and ability of the recipients will be improved.

(3) The overall goals to be accomplished.

(4) The benchmarks to be used to measure the success of the program. Benchmarks
should be specific and quantifiable.

(d) Organizational documents, such as a certificate of incorporation and a
current good standing certification from the Secretary of State where the
applicant is incorporated and other similar and valid documentation of
non-profit status, from the intermediary that confirms it has been legally
organized for a minimum of 3 years as the applicant entity.

(e) Verification of source and amount of matching funds, e.g., a copy of a bank
statement if matching funds are in cash or a copy of the confirmed funding
commitment from the funding source.

The verification must show that matching funds are available for the duration of
the grant performance period. The verification of matching funds must be
submitted with the application or the application will be considered incomplete.

The applicant will be contacted by the Agency prior to grant award to verify
that the matching funds provided with the application continue to be available.
The applicant will have 15 days from the date contacted to submit verification
that matching funds continue to be available.

If the applicant is unable to provide the verification within that timeframe,
the application will be considered ineligible. The applicant must maintain bank
statements on file or other documentation for a period of at least 3 years after
grant closing except that the records shall be retained beyond the 3-year period
if audit findings have not been resolved.

(f) The following information for each recipient:

(1) Recipient's entity name,

(2) Complete address (mailing and physical location, if different),

(3) County where located,

(4) Number of Congressional district where recipient is located,

(5) Contact person's name and telephone number, and

(6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement." If the Form RD 400-4 is not submitted
for a recipient, the recipient will be considered ineligible. No information
pertaining to that recipient will be included in the income or population
scoring criteria and the requested funding may be adjusted due to the deletion
of the recipient.

(g) Submit evidence that each recipient entity is eligible. Documentation must
be submitted to verify recipient eligibility. Acceptable documentation varies
depending on the type of recipient:

(1) Nonprofits--provide a current valid letter confirming non-profit status from
the Secretary of the State of incorporation or the IRS, a current good standing
certification from the Secretary of the State of incorporation, or other valid
documentation of nonprofit status of each recipient. A nonprofit recipient must
provide evidence that it is a valid nonprofit when the intermediary applies for
the RCDI grant. Organizations with pending requests for nonprofit designations
are not eligible.

(2) Low-income rural community--provide evidence the entity is a public body,
and a copy of the 2010 census data to verify the population, and evidence that
the median household income is at, or below, 80 percent of either the State or
national median household income. We will only accept data and printouts from
http://www.census.gov.

(3) Federally recognized tribes--provide the page listing their name from
theFederal Registerlist of tribal entities published most recently by the Bureau
of Indian Affairs. The 2014 list is available at 79 FR 4748-53 and
http://www.bia.gov/cs/groups/public/documents/text/idc006989.

(h) Each of the "Evaluation Criteria" must be addressed specifically and
individually by category. Present these criteria in narrative form.
Documentation must be limited to three pages per criterion. The "Population and
Income" criteria for recipient locations can be provided in the form of a list;
however, the source of the data must be included on the page(s).

(i) A timeline identifying specific activities and proposed dates for
completion.

(j) A detailed project budget that includes the RCDI grant amount and matching
funds. This should be a line-item budget, by category. Categories such as
salaries, administrative, other, and indirect costs that pertain to the proposed
project must be clearly defined. Supporting documentation listing the components
of these categories must be included. The budget should be dated: year 1, year
2, year 3, as applicable.

(k) The indirect cost category in the project budget should be used only when a
grant applicant has a federally negotiated indirect cost rate. A copy of the
current rate agreement must be provided with the application. Non-federal
entities that have never received a negotiated indirect cost rate may use the de
minimis rate of 10% of modified total direct costs (MTDC).

(l) Form SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance." (Do not complete Form
SF-424A, "Budget Information." A separate line-item budget should be presented
as described in No. 13 of this section.)

(m) Form SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(n) Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions."

(o) Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower Tier Covered Transactions."

(p) Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements."

(q) Certification of Non-Lobbying Activities.

(r) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.

(s) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," for the applicant.

(t) Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees. (A statement acknowledging whether or not a relationship exists is
required).

(u) Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation. A
corporation is any entity that has filed articles of incorporation in one of the
50 States, the District of Columbia, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or the various
territories of the United States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands,
Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands. Corporations
include both for profit and non-profit entities.
3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for
Awards Management (SAM)

Grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number and register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior
to submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an
entity applicant must maintain registration in SAM at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application or plan under construction by the
Agency. Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier subawards and executive compensation in
accordance to 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

An applicant, unless excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b), (c), or (d), is required
to:

(a) Be registered in SAM before submitting its application;

(b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application; and

(c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan
under consideration by a Federal awarding agency.

The Federal awarding agency may not make a federal award to an applicant until
the applicant has complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements and, if
an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements by the time the
Federal awarding agency is ready to make a Federal award, the Federal awarding
agency may determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal
award and use that determination as a basis for making a Federal award to
another applicant.

As required by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), all grant applications
must provide a DUNS number when applying for Federal grants, on or after October
1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS number at no cost by calling the
dedicated toll-free number at 1-866-705-5711 or via Internet at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Additional information concerning this
requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov.
Similarly, applicants may register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov or by calling
1-866-606-8220.

The DUNS number should be identified in the "Organizational DUNS" field on
Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal Assistance." Since there are no
specific fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and
expiration date, they may be identified anywhere on the Form SF 424. If the
applicant does not provide the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS number
in the application, it will not be considered for funding. The required forms
and certifications can be downloaded from the RCDI Web site at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.
4. Submission Dates and Times

The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, August 13,
2015. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any
application received after the deadline. You may submit your application in
paper form or electronically through Grants.gov. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted.

To submit a paper application, the original application package must be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the applicant's
headquarters is located. A listing of Rural Development State Offices can be
found via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.

Applications will not be accepted via FAX or electronic mail.

Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov. Grants.
gov contains full instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and
software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting
an electronic application. If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs
with an electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.

Technical difficulties submitting an application through Grants.gov will not be
a reason to extend the application deadline. If an application is unable to be
submitted through Grants.gov, a paper application must be received inthe
appropriate Rural Development State Office by the deadline noted previously.

First time Grants.gov users should carefully read and follow the registration
steps listed on the Web site. These steps need to be initiated early in the
application process to avoid delays in submitting your application online.

In order to register with System for Award Management (SAM), your organization
will need a DUNS number. Be sure to complete the Marketing Partner ID (MPID) and
Electronic Business Primary Point of Contact fields during the SAM registration
process.

These are mandatory fields that are required when submitting grant applications
through Grants.gov. Additional application instructions for submitting an
electronic application can be found by selecting this funding opportunity on
Grants.gov.
5. Funding Restrictions

Meeting expenses. In accordance with 31 U.S.C. 1345, "Expenses of Meetings,"
appropriations may not be used for travel, transportation, and subsistence
expenses for a meeting. RCDI grant funds cannot be used for these
meeting-related expenses. Matching funds may, however, be used to pay for these
expenses.

RCDI funds may be used to pay for a speaker as part of a program, equipment to
facilitate the program, and the actual room that will house the meeting.

RCDI funds cannot be used for meetings; they can, however, be used for travel,
transportation, or subsistence expenses for program-related training and
technical assistance purposes. Any training not delineated in the application
must be approved by the Agency to verify compliance with 31 U.S.C. 1345. Travel
and per diem expenses (including meals and incidental expenses) will be allowed
in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200 and 400.
E. Application Review Information
1. Evaluation Criteria

Applications will be evaluated using the following criteria and weights:
(a) Building Capacity and Expertise--Maximum 40 Points

The applicant must demonstrate how they will improve the recipients' capacity,
through a program of financial and technical assistance, as it relates to the
RCDI purposes.

Capacity-building financial and technical assistance should provide new
functions to the recipients or expand existing functions that will enable the
recipients to undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development that will benefit the community.
Capacity-building financial and technical assistance may include, but is not
limited to: Training to conduct community development programs, e.g.,
homeownership education, or the establishment of minority business
entrepreneurs, cooperatives, or micro-enterprises; organizational development,
e.g., assistance to develop or improve board operations, management, and
financial systems; instruction on how to develop and implement a strategic plan;
instruction on how to access alternative funding sources to increase leveraging
opportunities; staffing, e.g., hiring a person at intermediary or recipient
level to provide technical assistance to recipients.

The program of financial and technical assistance that is to be provided, its
delivery, and the measurability of the program's effectiveness will determine
the merit of the application.

All applications will be competitively ranked with the applications providing
the most improvement in capacity development and measurable activities being
ranked the highest.

The narrative response must contain the following items. This list also contains
the points for each item.

(1) Describe the nature of financial and technical assistance to be provided to
the recipients and the activities that will be conducted to deliver the
technical assistance; (10 Points)

(2) Explain how financial and technical assistance will develop or increase the
recipient's capacity. Indicate whether a new function is being developed or if
existing functions are being expanded or performed more effectively; (7 Points)

(3) Identify which RCDI purpose areas will be addressed with this assistance:
Housing, community facilities, or community and economic development; (3 Points)

(4) Describe how the results of the technical assistance will be measured. What
benchmarks will be used to measure effectiveness? Benchmarks should be specific
and quantifiable; (5 Points)

(5) Demonstrate that it has conducted programs of financial and technical
assistance and achieved measurable results in the areas of housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas. (10 Points)

(6) Provide the name, contact information, and the type and amount of the
financial and technical assistance the applicant organization has provided to
the following for the last 3 years: (5 Points)

(i) Nonprofit organizations in rural areas.

(ii) Low-income communities in rural areas (also include the type of entity,
e.g., city government, town council, or village board).

(iii) Federally recognized tribes or any other culturally diverse organizations.

(b) Soundness of Approach--Maximum 15 Points

The applicant can receive up to 15 points for soundness of approach. The overall
proposal will be considered under this criterion. Applicants must list the page
numbers in the application that address these factors.

The maximum 15 points for this criterion will be based on the following:

(1) The proposal fits the objectives for which applications were invited, is
clearly stated, and the applicant has defined how this proposal will be
implemented. (7 Points)

(2) The ability to provide the proposed financial and technical assistance based
on prior accomplishments. (6 Points)

(3) Cost effectiveness will be evaluated based on the budget in the application.
The proposed grant amount and matching funds should be utilized to maximize
capacity building at the recipient level. (2 Points)
(c) Population and Income--Maximum 15 Points

Population is based on the average population from the 2010 census data for the
communities in which the recipients are located. The physical address, not
mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this criterion. Community
is defined for scoring purposes as a city, town, village, county, parish,
borough, or census-designated place where the recipient's office is physically
located.

The applicant must submit the census data from the following Web site in the
form of a printout of the applicable "Fact Sheet" to verify the population
figures used for each recipient. The data can be accessed on the Internet at
http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder," fill in field and click
"Go"; the name and population data for each recipient location must be listed in
this section.

The average population of the recipient locations will be used and will be
scored as follows:
Population Scoring(points)
10,000 or less 5
10,001 to 20,000 4
20,001 to 30,000 3
30,001 to 40,000 2
40,001 to 50,000 1

The average of the median household income for the communities where the
recipients are physically located will determine the points awarded. The
physical address, not mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this
criterion. Applicants may compare the average recipient median household income
to the State median household income or the national median household income,
whichever yields the most points. The national median household income to be
used is $51,914.

The applicant must submit the income data in the form of a printout of the
applicable information from the following Web site to verify the income for each
recipient.

The data being used is from the 2010 census. The data can be accessed on the
Internet at http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder," fill in field
and click "Go"; the name and income data for each recipient location must be
listed in this section. Points will be awarded as follows:
Average recipient median income Scoring(points)
Less than or equal to 70 percent of state or national median household income 10

Greater than 70, but less than or equal to 80 percent of state or national
median household income 5
In excess of 80 percent of state or national median household Income 0
(d) State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 10 Points

(1) This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant.

(2) Up to 10 points may be awarded by the Rural Development State Director to
any application(s) that benefits their state regardless of whether the applicant
is headquartered in their state. The total points awarded under this criterion,
to all applications, will not exceed 10.

(3) When an intermediary submits an application that will benefit a state that
is not the same as the state in which the intermediary is headquartered, it is
the intermediary's responsibility to notify the State Director of the state
which is receiving the benefit of their application. In such cases, State
Directors awarding points to applications benefiting their state must notify the
reviewing state in writing.

(4) Assignment of any points under this criterion requires a written
justification and must be tied to and awarded based on how closely the
application aligns with the Rural Development State Office's strategic goals.
(e) Support of Agency's Strategic Goals--Maximum 20 Points

This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant. The Agency
Administrator may award up to 20 points to any application to the extent that
the application supports Strategic Goal One in the USDA Strategic Plan
2014-2018. This plan can be found at the following link:
www.usda.gov/documents/usda-strategic-plan-fy-2014-2018.pdf.

Points may be awarded to applications that meet at least one of the following
six criteria below (note: the maximum points can be given to any one of the
following six criteria):

(1) The project is based in a census tract with poverty greater than or equal to
20%;

(2) The project is based in a community (village, town, city, or Census
Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant eligible (rural community having a
population of 5,000 or less and median household income (MHI) of 60% or less of
the state's non-metropolitan median household income (NMHI);

(3) The project's service area includes at least one census tract with poverty
greater than or equal to 20%;

(4) The project's service area includes at least one community (village, town,
city, or Census Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant eligible (rural community
having a population of 5,000 or less and MHI of 60% or less of the state's
NMHI);

(5) The project serves a Strikeforce area (see link below).

(6) The project serves a Promise Zone (see link below) and eligible applicant
provides evidence of partnership with a Promise Zone Lead Applicant
organization.

For a listing of StrikeForce areas and designated Promise Zones, click on the
following link: http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=STRIKE_FORCE,
then click the StrikeForce or Promise Zones button from the left menu. For a
mapping tool identifying census tracts with poverty greater than or equal to 20
percent, click on the following link:
http://rdgdwe.sc.egov.usda.gov/rdpoverty/index.html
2. Review and Selection Process

(a) Rating and ranking.

Applications will be rated and ranked on a national basis by a review panel
based on the "Evaluation Criteria" contained in this Notice.

If there is a tied score after the applications have been rated and ranked, the
tie will be resolved by reviewing the scores for "Building Capacity and
Expertise" and the applicant with the highest score in that category will
receive a higher ranking. If the scores for "Building Capacity and Expertise"
are the same, the scores will be compared for the next criterion, in sequential
order, until one highest score can be determined.

(b) Initial screening.

The Agency will screen each application to determine eligibility during the
period immediately following the application deadline. Listed below are examples
of reasons for rejection from previous funding rounds. The following reasons for
rejection are not all inclusive; however, they represent the majority of the
applications previously rejected.

(1) Recipients were not located in eligible rural areas based on the definition
in this Notice.

(2) Applicants failed to provide evidence of recipient's status, i.e.,
documentation supporting nonprofit evidence of organization.

(3) Applicants failed to provide evidence of committed matching funds or
matching funds were not committed for a period at least equal to the grant
performance period.

(4) Application did not follow the RCDI structure with an intermediary and
recipients.

(5) Recipients were not identified in the application.

(6) Intermediary did not provide evidence it had been incorporated for at least
3 years as the applicant entity.

(7) Applicants failed to address the "Evaluation Criteria."

(8) The purpose of the proposal did not qualify as an eligible RCDI purpose.

(9) Inappropriate use of funds (e.g., construction or renovations).

(10) The applicant proposed providing financial and technical assistance
directly to individuals.

(11) The application package was not received by closing date and time.
F. Federal Award Administration Information
1. Federal Award Notice

Within the limit of funds available for such purpose, the awarding official of
the Agency shall make grants in ranked order to eligible applicants under the
procedures set forth in this Notice.

Successful applicants will receive a selection letter by mail
containinginstructions on requirements necessary to proceed with execution and
performance of the award. This letter is not an authorization to begin
performance. In addition, selected applicants will be requested to verify that
components of the application have not changed at the time of selection and on
the award obligation date, if requested by the Agency.

The award is not approved until all information has been verified, and the
awarding official of the Agency has signed Form RD 1940-1, "Request for
Obligation of Funds" and the grant agreement.

Unsuccessful applicants will receive notification including appeal rights by
mail.
2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Grantees will be required to do the following:

(a) Execute a Rural Community Development Initiative Grant Agreement.

(b) Execute Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."

(c) Use Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," to request
reimbursements. Provide receipts for expenditures, timesheets and any other
documentation to support the request for reimbursement.

(d) Provide financial status and project performance reports on a quarterly
basis starting with the first full quarter after the grant award.

(e) Maintain a financial management system that is acceptable to the Agency.

(f) Ensure that records are maintained to document all activities and
expenditures utilizing RCDI grant funds and matching funds. Receipts for
expenditures will be included in this documentation.

(g) Provide annual audits or management reports on Form RD 442-2, "Statement of
Budget, Income and Equity," and Form RD 442-3, "Balance Sheet," depending on the
amount of Federal funds expended and the outstanding balance.

(h) Collect and maintain data provided by recipients on race, sex, and national
origin and ensure recipients collect and maintain the same data on
beneficiaries. Race and ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with
OMBFederal Registernotice, "Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of
Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity," (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data
will be collected in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of
1972. These items should not be submitted with the application but should be
available upon request by the Agency.

(i) Provide a final project performance report.

(j) Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees.

(k) The intermediary and recipient must comply with Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Executive Order 12250, and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart
E.

(l) The grantee must comply with policies, guidance, and requirements as
described in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any
successor regulations:

(i) 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements For Federal Awards).

(ii) 2 CFR parts 417 and 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension
(Nonprocurement)

(m) Form AD-3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants," Must be signed by corporate applicants who
receive an award under this Notice.
3. Reporting

After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be required to
provide the following, as indicated in the Grant Agreement:

(a) SF-425, "Federal Financial Report" and SF-PPR, "Performance Progress Report"
will be required on a quarterly basis (due 30 working days after each calendar
quarter). The Performance Progress Report shall include the elements described
in the grant agreement.

(b) Final financial and performance reports will be due 90 calendar days after
the period of performance end date.

(c) A summary at the end of the final report with elements as described in the
grant agreement to assist in documenting the annual performance goals of the
RCDI program for Congress.
G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact

Contact the Rural Development office in the State where the applicant's
headquarters is located. A list of Rural Development State Offices can be found
via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
H. Other Information

Survey on Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants, OMB No. 1894-0010 (applies
only to nonprofit applicants only--submission is optional).

No reimbursement will be made for any funds expended prior to execution of the
RCDI Grant Agreement unless the intermediary is a non-profit or educational
entity and has requested and received written Agency approval of the costs prior
to the actual expenditure.

This exception is applicable for up to 90 days prior to grant closing and only
applies to grantees that have received written approval but have not executed
the RCDI Grant Agreement.

The Agency cannot retroactively approve reimbursement for expenditures prior to
execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.
Program Definitions

Agency--The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor.

Beneficiary--Entities or individuals that receive benefits from assistance
provided by the recipient.

Capacity--The ability of a recipient to implement housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development projects.

Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or entity has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the
person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and matching
funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real
or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or
their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the
grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either, have
the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant.

Federally recognized tribes--Tribal entities recognized and eligible for funding
and services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, based on the most recent notice
in theFederal Registerpublished by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Tribally
Designated Housing Entities are eligible RCDI recipients.

Financial assistance--Funds, not to exceed $10,000 per award, used by the
intermediary to purchase supplies and equipment to build the recipient's
capacity.

Funds--The RCDI grant and matching money.

Intermediary--A qualified private, nonprofit (including faith-based and
community organizations and philanthropic organizations), or public (including
tribal) organization that provides financial and technical assistance to
multiple recipients.

Low-income rural community--An authority, district, economic development
authority, regional council, or unit of government representing an incorporated
city, town, village, county, township, parish, or borough whose income is at or
below 80 percent of either the state or national Median Household Income as
measured by the 2010 Census.

Matching funds--Cash or confirmed funding commitments. Matching funds must be at
least equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the
grant performance period.

Recipient--The entity that receives the financial and technical assistance from
the Intermediary. The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing and
development organization, a low-income rural community or a federally recognized
Tribe.

Rural and rural area--Any area other than (i) a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and (ii) the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such city or town.

Technical assistance--Skilled help in improving the recipient's abilities in the
areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic development.
Non-Discrimination Policy

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
To File a Program Complaint

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form.

You may also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the
form. Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email.

If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Appeal Process

All adverse determinations regarding applicant eligibility and the awarding of
points as part of the selection process are appealable pursuant to 7 CFR part
11. Instructions on the appeal process will be provided at the time an applicant
is notified of the adverse decision.

In the event the applicant is awarded a grant that is less than the amount
requested, the applicant will be required to modify its application to conform
to the reduced amount before execution of the grant agreement. The Agency
reserves the right to reduce or withdraw the award if acceptable modifications
are not submitted by the awardee within 15 working days from the date the
request for modification is made. Any modifications must be within the scope of
the original application.
Dated: May 11, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Rural Housing Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-11741 Filed 5-14-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2013 Monday

Cass nabs $50k grant to study Clymers

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 340 words


March 11--Cass County received a $50,000 planning grant from the state late last
week to study extending water and sewer services to the Clymers area.

The Master Utility Study is through the state's Office of Community and Rural
Affairs.

"Planning grants are an important first step as communities consider the best
way to attract new businesses," said Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann through a
press release. "Cass County continues its efforts to improve services for its
residents, and we're pleased to be able to support their grant request."

When county officials applied for the non-competitve grant early last year, they
said the study is the first step to identifying the cost and need for water,
waste water, and storm water services in the unincorporated community of
Clymers.

If the study shows building the infrastructure is viable and affordable, it
could make the area more enticing to businesses just as the Hoosier Heartland
Highway, which runs through that area, is completed.

In fact, the construction of the highway and water use at The Andersons'
110-million gallon ethanol plant drained three or four wells in that area in
recent years.

Clymers is also just outside the county's only tax-increment financing district.
In a TIF district, tax revenues generated by any new development can be used to
pay for infrastructure or other improvements in that area.

The federally funded grant, which is administered by the Indiana Office of
Community and Rural Affairs, could be used for preliminary engineering and
mapping, for studying drainage and for drawings and surveying.

The funding comes from the Community Development Block Grant program, which has
proven to be an effective tool for community-based planning and research
initiatives, according to the press release.

For more on this story and other local news, subscribe to The Pharos-Tribune
eEdition, or our print edition.

___ (c)2013 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130311-LG-Cass-nabs-50k-grant-to-study-Clymers-0311-20130311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2013 Pharos-Tribune


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            November 2, 2009 Monday

NEBRASKA AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE:

SECTION: NEBRASKA; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 823 words


OMAHA STUDENT PAYS $210 IN FATAL CRASH

VERMILLION, S.D. - A University of South Dakota student has pleaded guilty to
two misdemeanor charges for a crash that killed another student.

Alyxandria Harter of Omaha paid $210 in fines for careless driving and driving
on the wrong side of the road. The 20-year-old faced up to 60 days in jail and
$1,000 in fines.

Clay County authorities have said Harter was traveling in the wrong direction on
South Dakota 50 near Vermillion on Sept. 17 when her vehicle collided with a car
driven by 21-year-old Elizabeth Lias. Lias, a USD student from Sioux Falls, died
at the scene.

UNO GETS GRANT FOR ACADEMIC EXCHANGE

OMAHA - The University of Nebraska at Omaha has been awarded a $194,000 federal
grant to increase student and faculty exchanges between its College of
Information Science and Technology and schools in Wisconsin, Austria and
Germany.

The ATLANTIS Mobility Grant was one of 25 given out by the U.S. Department of
Education's Fund for the Improvement of Postsecondary Education. As part of the
award, money also will be given to UNO's partner schools.

The grant will be used to facilitate exchanges among UNO, the University of
Wisconsin-Eu Claire, Austria's Management Center Innsbruck and the Braunschweig
University of Technology in Germany.

ONLINE COMMUNITY AIMED AT ENTREPRENEURS

A new online community will allow businesspeople to share their experiences and
ideas with each other. NxBizSuccess, at www.nxbizsuccess.com, launches today.
Marilyn Schlake is associate director of the NebraskaEDGE Program and co-founder
of NxBizSuccess. She says it will bring people together, helping them with
financing ideas and educational tools through the university and its partner,
Community Development Resources. Site visitors will find interactive tools and
resources, including nearly 120 business videos.

CREIGHTON EVENT TO EXAMINE SOVEREIGNTY

OMAHA - An upcoming conference is set to examine Natives' struggle for
sovereignty as compared with those of indigenous populations around the globe.
Creighton University will host the two-day conference, "Nation Within Nations:
Living Dialogues on Governance and Cultures," beginning today. The conference
will examine struggles of those in the Kurdish area of Iraq, Nagaland in India
and the Karin region of Myanmar, among others. Adae Deer of Wisconsin's
Menominee Tribe will be among the educators and practitioners scheduled to
present research and experience on cultures and governance.

VIROLOGIST TO LECTURE ON HIV/AIDS HISTORY

University of Nebraska-Lincoln virologist Charles Wood will present a lecture
Nov. 10 reviewing the historical aspect of HIV/AIDS since its discovery in 1981.
The lecture will focus on the disease's impact in sub-Saharan Africa. Wood
directs the Nebraska Center for Virology, which has conducted research on the
disease in Africa. The free public lecture, "HIV/AIDS epidemic: What have we
learned in the past 28 years?" will be at 3:30 p.m. in the auditorium of the
Nebraska Union.

OMAHA CONFERENCE FOR SPACE, DEFENSE PROS

OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE - An upcoming symposium will offer space and defense
professionals an opportunity for education, discussion and exposure to the
latest space operations technologies. The Strategic Space Symposium will get
under way today with a networking event and reception. Speeches, panel
discussions, breakout sessions, networking opportunities and exhibits will round
out the events at the Qwest Center in Omaha before the symposium wraps up
Wednesday. Speakers will include StratCom commander Gen. Kevin Chilton and other
high-level U.S. government and military leaders. The symposium will focus on war
fighter issues and requirements, as well as global space strategy.

TREND TOWARD LOCAL FOODS CREATES MARKETS

Experts say the growing trend for healthier eating and the preference for
locally grown food present opportunities for Nebraska entrepreneurs. Mark
Gustafson is University of Nebraska Rural Initiative coordinator for economic
development. He says the demand for locally grown foods will grow with the
demands of restaurants, grocers, schools, hospitals and other institutions. He
said that "from the Rural Initiative perspective, we see this as a way to keep
people in rural Nebraska and make a decent living." The Center for Integrated
Agricultural Systems at the University of Wisconsin-Madison says net cash income
could reach more than $21,500 for one year from a 4.5-acre market garden.

CONAGRA TOUTS VEGGIES IN MANWICH

OMAHA - ConAgra Foods is touting the nutritional aspects of its products. The
Omaha-based company's latest commercials will highlight the full serving of
vegetables in each serving of Manwich. ConAgra already has a series of
commercials out about the vegetables included in its Chef Boyardee products.
ConAgra's Sandra Williams said the company's surveys showed that some consumers
didn't realize how nutritional Manwich sloppy joes could be.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Kirkintilloch Herald

                            November 1, 2015 Sunday

Rural funding cash is up for grabs

LENGTH: 129  words


Fresh funding is being made available to boost rural development and improve
quality of life in East Dunbartonshire.

The Kelvin Valley & Falkirk LEADER 2014-2020 programme is being launched later
this week.

It's a European Union initiative aimed at promoting economic and community
development within rural areas - including Twechar, Torrance, Lennoxtown, Milton
of Campsie and Kirkintilloch (to the north of the Forth & Clyde Canal).

There's £2.8million up for grabs, with grants ranging from £5,000 to £125,000
for projects concerning heritage, tourism, leisure, commuity services and local
employment.

A launch event at Colzium House, in Kilsyth, on Thursday, October 29, at 5.30pm
will provide more information for potential applicants. Register online at
www.eventbrite.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFKH


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Milngavie & Bearsden Herald

                            November 1, 2015 Sunday

Rural funding cash is up for grabs

LENGTH: 129  words


Fresh funding is being made available to boost rural development and improve
quality of life in East Dunbartonshire.

The Kelvin Valley & Falkirk LEADER 2014-2020 programme is being launched later
this week.

It's a European Union initiative aimed at promoting economic and community
development within rural areas - including Twechar, Torrance, Lennoxtown, Milton
of Campsie and Kirkintilloch (to the north of the Forth & Clyde Canal).

There's £2.8million up for grabs, with grants ranging from £5,000 to £125,000
for projects concerning heritage, tourism, leisure, commuity services and local
employment.

A launch event at Colzium House, in Kilsyth, on Thursday, October 29, at 5.30pm
will provide more information for potential applicants. Register online at
www.eventbrite.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFMB


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 21, 2005 Monday

Bush budget could cost Oklahoma $38 million in small biz funds

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


The U.S. House Small Business Committee released its annual report analyzing the
impact of the fiscal 2006 federal budget proposal, which claims small business
programs bore a disproportionate amount of cuts in the budget.

According to the report, Oklahoma could lose more than $38 million in federal
funding that directly affects small business. Oklahoma received $36.7 million in
Community Development Block Grants in fiscal 2004, a program slated for
elimination in President Bush's proposed budget.

That year - the most current available statistics - Oklahoma also received Rural
Business Enterprise Grants of $1.8 million and Rural Business Opportunity Grants
of $91,000. Another $386,000 came in for Rural Housing and Economic Development.
All three programs are on the chopping block.

In fiscal 2003, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership created and retained 814
jobs in the state and helped generate $42 million in new sales for Oklahoma
businesses, according to statistics provided by the congresswoman's staff.

"Every year when I think the budget can't get any worse, a new budget is
released and proves me wrong," said Rep. Nydia M. Velazquez, D-N.Y., the
committee's ranking member.

"The administration's FY 2006 budget request - for a third year in a row - calls
for near-record deficits, and provides a fiscal plan based on flawed Social
Security and tax initiatives, which will be far from putting our nation's
economy on the right track," she said. "And the worst of all is what this budget
does to small businesses and entrepreneurs."

Out of the 100 programs that offer small business assistance, such as access to
affordable capital, entrepreneurial development and technical assistance, this
year's report documented more than 50 of these programs - up from 35 last year -
that were slated for severe cuts or elimination.

The overall average cut for these programs is nearly 80 percent, up 10 percent
from the 2004 budget, with 16 programs facing severe funding cuts and another 35
slated for termination, the report said.

Agencies hit the hardest were the Small Business Administration, with 14
programs; the Department of Agriculture, with 12 programs; and Housing and Urban
Development, with eight programs.

"Small business owners are already being told that they have to do more with
less," Velazquez said. "But with massive cuts to many essential programs - the
majority of which have been flat funded - this means that they are already
expected to meet a growing demand with the same amount of resources.

"As we all know, small businesses are the driving force of the economy,
generating nearly 80 percent of jobs over the last decade and over half of our
(gross domestic product)," Velazquez said.

"But they cannot do it alone. Entrepreneurs need support and sometimes a little
help to make their magic happen."

The report showed that while the average cut to those programs is 80 percent,
the savings only represented one quarter of 1 percent of the entire budget.

The report concluded that the remaining programs would not have the ability to
fill the gaps left by the $6 billion in cuts proposed to small business programs
in this budget.

"Any way you look at it - percent of cuts, dollars, or numbers - this is a bad
budget for small business," Velazquez said.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Coca-Cola Foundation

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Coca-Cola Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  1 Coca-Cola Plaza
Atlanta, Georgia 30301
Email: cocacolacommunityrequest@na.ko.com
Purpose  The Coca-Cola Foundation provides grants in the following areas:

Water Stewardship:
    Funding to support access to clean water and sanitation, watershed
protection in water-stressed regions, utilization of water for production and or
multiple use systems that do more than provide clean drinking water, education
and awareness programs that promote water conservation within communities and
industry.
    Healthy and Active Lifestyles:
    Funding to support access to exercise, physical activity and nutritional
education programs, programs that motivate behavior modification, and programs
that encourage lifestyle/behavioral changes.
    Community Recycling:
    Funding to increase liter abatement efforts, advance recovery and reuse,
increase community recycling awareness, and support research and innovation
    Education:
    Funding to support scholarships, school drop-out prevention, access to
education programs, and other education initiatives, per local business unit
priorities

Eligibility  The Coca-Cola Foundation does not make grants to:

Individuals (except through college scholarships); schools; religious
organizations or endeavors; political, legislative, lobbying or fraternal
organizations; travel, fundraising events or sponsorships, capital campaigns,
construction or renovation projects
    Organizations that do not have tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, or the equivalent
    Organizations formed outside the U. S. that do not have a charitable
equivalency status under the laws and provisions of their respective government
    Organizations that advocate support, practices, activities, inconsistent
with The Coca-Cola Company's non-discrimination policies, whether based on race,
color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or
disability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Over the last ten years, the Foundation has contributed more than $305
million in support of community programs and initiatives.
Application
process  Application information is available on the program web site or at
http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/foundation_guidelines.html
Tagged as  Community development, Environment, Scholarships, fellowships and
loan repayment, Wellness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             August 20, 2010 Friday

Um Al Jimal to go virtual under new initiative

LENGTH: 725  words


By Taylor Luck

AMMAN - The past, present and future of the basalt city of Um Al Jimal will go
virtual under a new preservation initiative.

The Archaeological Institute of America (AIA) has provided Um Al Jimal with a
site preservation grant to utilise education and social outreach to raise
awareness on the site to ensure its long-term preservation.

The grant, which was awarded last week, will support the efforts of the Um Al
Jimal Project, led by Bert de Vries of Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan,
to bolster archaeological research, cultural heritage preservation and community
development.

Continuously occupied from the 1st through the 9th centuries covering the early
Roman, Byzantine and Islamic periods, Um Al Jimal is currently threatened by
neglect and a lack of shared ownership, according to experts.

For the initiative, de Vries is teaming up with Open Hand Studios, a
Chicago-based not-for-profit organisation for community development, to
establish a virtual museum and educational centre for future education, outreach
and development opportunities in the area, some 90 kilometres northeast of
Amman.

"This virtual museum and educational centre will create new bridges between and
among local residents, Jordanian citizens, and the international public," de
Vries told The Jordan Times via e-mail.

The online centre will include a virtual site tour and exhibit, allowing for
people across the Kingdom and the world to tour Um Al Jimal and raise awareness
on threats to the ancient city.

The immersive virtual site tour of Um Al Jimal will use 360û virtual reality
photography embedded with audio, video and still images, he said. Each point of
the virtual tour will correspond to a physical place at the site and will be
complemented with an online exhibit of objects, inscriptions, ceramics and other
physical materials recovered from Um Al Jimal.

"The project's availability via the Web will allow interested people from around
the world to visit Um Al Jimal, even if they are unable to physically travel to
Jordan," he added.

The interactive tour and virtual museum will be available on the project's
website at www.ummeljimal.org.

The AIA grant will also support the integration of Um Al Jimal into the national
curriculum, a project being carried out by de Vries' team in cooperation with
the Ministry of Education that will be applied in public schools across the
country. The initiative will encourage the use of the virtual tour and
educational curriculum through a variety of complementary information available
via the website including an oral history archive of video interviews and
information about the site's modern reoccupation, a?cording to project
organisers.

The shared curriculum, which is to be applied both in the Kingdom and the US
will give American and Jordanian students alike the chance to learn about Um Al
Jimal, de Vries said.

Originally a Nabataean village built in the 1st century AD, the town became a
military outpost along the Via Traiana Nova after it was incorporated into the
Roman Empire, serving as part of a series of fortifications defending
Roman-occupied territory stretching to the borders of modern-day Saudi Arabia.

Byzantine churches were built on the site during the 5th and 6th centuries,
while its stone barracks, water cisterns and administrative buildings were
gradually converted back to a rural village under Umayyad rule around the 7th
century.

After an earthquake devastated the area in 749AD, the basalt fortifications were
left abandoned for around 1,000 years until a Druze community briefly inhabited
the city around the turn of the 20th century.

The city, which includes Nabataean, Greek, Latin and Arabic inscriptions, has
been nominated for the UNESCO World Heritage tentative list.

Future plans for the site include the establishment of a cultural heritage
centre in the village to highlight the modern community as the last phase in the
archaeological history of Um Al Jimal, de Vries said.

According to the archaeologist, the centre will be designed and operated by a
committee of citizens in partnership with Um Al Jimal Municipality.

It will serve as a modern history museum, a lecture and video-presentation hall,
a regional handicraft hub, an archaeological and cultural education centre, a
hostel and a community hall for wedding receptions and other gatherings, he
added.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2010 The Jordan Times.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Tennessee: Pilot Program Encourages Microenterprise

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development is launching
"LiftTN: Microenterprise," a pilot program to expand microenterprise development
across the state. The program--funded through the United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD)--is aimed at helping businesses that have
five or fewer employees expand. $400,000 in total grant money is being awarded
over a two-year contract to these five grantees:

o    West TN: altShops through Communities Unlimited ($100,000)
o    East TN: Mentor-Protégée Program through Knoxville Chamber of Commerce
($50,000)
o    Middle and Statewide: Incubator Without Walls Expansion Program through
Nashville
      Business Incubation Center ($200,000)
o    Community-based Program: Sonneschein Green Initiatives (SGI) Marketplace in
Hohenwald ($25,000)
o    Youth: TN Code Academy for Youth ($25,000)

"I am extremely pleased TNECD can participate in this pilot program," Economic
and Community Development Commissioner Randy Boyd said. "Encouraging and
supporting entrepreneurship is an important piece of a robust economic
development strategy, as entrepreneurs choose to stay here and invest in our
state, which ultimately helps create jobs and sustain long-term community
growth."

In order to determine the grant recipients, TNECD--through its office of federal
programs and the Business Enterprise Resource Office (BERO)--held four meetings
across the state in January and February 2014. The purpose of those meetings was
to gather information regarding unmet needs of microenterprises from agencies
and organizations that work with small, women-owned, minority-owned,
veteran-owned, rural and urban core businesses as well as youth entrepreneurs.

"Through the five selected programs, microenterprises will have access to
invaluable services and opportunities that will improve lives and communities,"
TNECD's BERO Director, Wisty Pender, said. "'LiftTN: Microenterprise' is unique
because of the diverse nature of the programs involved. All five engage in a
wide range of activities that will serve as a template for possible future
expansion of this pilot program."

"When HUD encouraged us to use more Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funding to support economic development, we decided to focus on microenterprise
businesses," TNECD's Director of Federal Programs, Brooxie Carlton said. "It's
exciting to use some of our CDBG funds in this new way because it allows us to
serve very small businesses across Tennessee. The goal is to continue the
program beyond this two-year pilot period, ultimately expanding it throughout
the state."

Communities Unlimited will use the grant funds to operate the altShops program
in the Bolivar and Somerville downtown areas. The altShops program is a business
incubator program for popup retail shops that recruits business owners and
assists them with startup costs, leasing of commercial property and other
technical assistance The altShops program will fund three microenterprises in
Bolivar and three microenterprises in Somerville.

The Knoxville Chamber will use the funds to operate the Propel, a
mentor-protégée program in cooperation with the respective chambers in Knox,
Roane, Blount, Jefferson and Anderson Counties. Propel will pair protégés
(microenterprises), which are relatively new to business with mentors who are
established business leaders. In addition to a mentor, each protégé will receive
coaching and technical assistance.

Growth Enterprises Nashville will use their grant to expand the capacity of the
Incubator Without Walls ("Virtual Incubator"), a program that provides virtual
business incubation. Participants in the Virtual Incubator will receive
one-on-one business counseling, as well as location-based training classes.

Center for Holistic Ecology currently conducts the Sonnenschein Green Initiative
(SGI) that promotes ecologically friendly business activity in the Hohenwald
community and surrounding areas. The grant money will allow SGI to establish and
operate the Hohenwald Marketplace, a place for local vendors to operate and sell
services and goods.

The TN Code Academy will use grant funds to expand the reach of its TN Code
Academy for Youth, a program that conducts one-day workshops, camps and classes
to further learning and increase interest in computer science and programming
for students between the ages of 12-18. The grant will allow TN Code Academy to
offer "Apps and Entrepreneurship", teaching youth not only how to make an app,
but how to monetize what they create.

About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development
Tennessee was named 2014 and 2013 "State of the Year" for economic development
by Business Facilities magazine. The Tennessee Department of Economic and
Community Development's mission is to develop strategies which help make
Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs. The
department seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with
Tennessee companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Find us on the
web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter: @tnecd.  Like us on Facebook:
facebook.com/tnecd.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

City council looks at economic development efforts

BYLINE: Mitchell Kirk, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 747 words


Nov. 03--Logansport officials are pursuing a community-wide evaluation dictating
a plan they say will prepare the city for its future.

It's called the Community Readiness Initiative and it's made available by the
Office of the Lieutenant Governor of Indiana, Indiana Office of Community and
Rural Affairs, and Ball State University.

The initiative's website describes it as an evaluation process led by
consultants that analyze information to build "consensus in economic development
planning."

Chris Armstrong, Logansport Community Development director, pitched the
initiative to city council.

"The basis of what it does is shows the community our strengths and our
weaknesses and then we determine what course of action we take to make those
things better," Armstrong said in an interview.

Communities eligible for a shorter evaluation process pay $3,500. Communities
that need to undergo a more extensive one could pay up to $15,000.

City council approved an ordinance on second reading Monday, Nov. 2, pledging
the city will pay whatever amount is determined in the range from its County
Economic Development Income Tax Fund.

A report is prepared based on evaluations of community leaders and organizations
that can be used to develop future projects and programs.

"The Community Readiness Initiative will help communities understand where they
are so that they can develop grounded policies based on where they can
confidently go to build and sustain economic self-sufficiency guided by
quantitative research and informed analysis," the initiative's website states.

Armstrong hopes it will be a catalyst for increased cooperation between
Logansport and Cass County governments.

"I look for it to bring all of the leaders, the city and the county both, that's
my hope to get out of it, and have everybody working together and moving forward
in one direction," Armstrong said.

City council members passed the ordinance 5-1. Logansport City Councilman
Charlie Hastings was not present.

Logansport City Councilman Gary Fox supported the measure. He said in an
interview after Monday's meeting that he thinks it could put the city on a
clearer path toward inclusion in the state's Stellar Communities Program. The
program provides millions of dollars in grant and loan opportunities to smaller
Indiana communities each year.

"That would be an awesome opportunity for the city, to have something like
that," he said of the Stellar Communities Program.

Logansport City Councilman Bob Bishop voted against the ordinance. He said he
feels the initiative isn't clear on how much money would ultimately be required
from the city and why that amount would be required.

"There's no certainty in it," Bishop said.

In other news, the council also:

--Heard from Logansport resident Jim Brugh, who referred to a letter to the city
from Millennium Energy Corp., out of New York, N.Y., pledging to provide funds
that would reimburse costs the city spent on pursuing its power plant project.
He referred to the company's lack of association with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission and called the city's touting of the letter "amateurish."

--Heard from Logansport resident Mercedes Brugh, who mentioned an attachment
referred to in the Millennium Energy Corp. letter claiming the pledged funds
"are held in an account at Bank of America." Logansport Mayor Ted Franklin said
in an interview after the meeting that a nondisclosure agreement prevents the
city from making the attachment public.

--Approved 6-0 an ordinance on second reading transferring $25,000 from the
Logansport Police Department's overtime fund to its general fund and $20,000
from the Logansport Fire Department's overtime fund to its general fund.

--Approved 6-0 a resolution regarding a tax abatement for Logansport Machine Co.
for investing nearly $2 million in new equipment. The five-year personal
property tax abatement is 100 percent for the first year, 80 percent for the
second year, 60 percent for the third year, 40 percent for the fourth year and
20 percent for the fifth year.

--Approved 6-0 an ordinance on first reading appropriating $458,304.82 from the
Old U.S. 24 Relinquishment Fund to rehabilitate West Market Street from its
bridge to Heath Street. The project is slated to begin next spring.

Reach Mitchell Kirk at mitchell.kirk@pharostribune.com or 574-732-5130

___ (c)2015 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151103-LG-City-council-looks-at-economic-development-efforts-1103-20151103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2015 Pharos-Tribune


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   August 30, 1996 Friday METRO FINAL EDITION

TAKING THE INITIATIVE;
THE MCKNIGHT FOUNDATION CELEBRATES THE SUCCESS OF A DECADE OF RURAL DEVELOPMENT
FUNDING AND DECIDES TO COMMIT TO FIVE MORE YEARS.

BYLINE: Dave Beal, Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Foundations; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 962 words


The McKnight Foundation, about to mark the 10th anniversary of its popular
economic development funds serving outstate Minnesota, has decided to back them
for five more years.

Michael O'Keefe, executive vice president of the foundation, estimated Thursday
that the new commitment will pump another $30 million out to the region by the
year 2001.

That's good news for the 80 counties making up the non-metro, particularly since
this money is only one piece of the action. The $30 million in direct investment
in outstate Minnesota is expected to provide the "gap financing" needed to
attract yet more capital and to generate spinoff activity beyond the companies
benefiting directly from the funds' support.

Over the last decade, McKnight officials estimate that the initiative funds -
dubbed as "the MIFs" in the closely knit world of community development in
Minnesota - have had an economic impact of more than $400 million.

Some 6,650 loans and grants account for about $92 million of that amount.

That money, in turn, has shaken loose another $270 million in investment from
other foundations, public agencies and private financing sources.

Another $68 million has been socked away in endowments at newly created
nonprofits in each of the six initiative funds' regions. These entities, which
function somewhat like the Minneapolis and St. Paul Foundations but on a smaller
scale, equip the regions with new treasuries to tap for development purposes.

McKnight officials estimate that the MIFs have now created or retained some
14,000 jobs sprinkled through the 80 nonmetro counties. Generally, these jobs
are at smaller manufacturing or manufacturing-like businesses.

Three years ago, experiences with the MIFs led McKnight to shape a smaller urban
initiatives program to serve the more needy parts of the Twin Cities area.

Lisa Anderson, an associate at The Stevens Group consulting firm in St. Paul,
was part of an assessment team there that was hired to appraise the performance
of the MIFs.

Asked for a summary of the firm's findings, she said: "Overall, the funds have
become recognized as key players in their regions.

"They have developed a solid base of grants, loans and other funding initiatives
that are responsive to their communities.

"The key challenge for the funds is to become self-sufficient by attracting
resources from within the region."

One issue, in evaluating the funds' performance, is how much of their loan money
has been written off as unrecoverable.

MIF loan-trackers put that figure at 8 percent. There's no established measure
of whether that's good or bad, since the MIFs represent a pioneering effort and
one goal is to make some loans that carry significant risk. O'Keefe thinks the 8
percent is "modest ... neither too high nor too low."

The Minneapolis-based McKnight Foundation, formed in 1953 with endowments from
3M executive William L. McKnight, launched the initiative funds in the
mid-1980s. The move was a response to growing concerns about sagging economies
in many parts of outstate Minnesota.

The foundation set up MIFs in six regions of the state: central, west-central,
southeastern, southwestern, northwest and northeast. McKnight officials then
helped leaders in each of the regions to develop the MIFs on their own to
distribute and oversee the McKnight money.

Generally, the foundation, Minnesota's largest, has been steering about a fifth
of its money to the MIFs. Last year, for example, $10.9 million of its $55.7
million in total grants went to the initiative funds.

The impact of the funds has been picking up in the same way savings grow through
compounded interest, as economic activity feeds upon itself in the various
regions. McKnight officials estimate that of the 14,000 jobs created and
retained by the MIFs, 12,600 have come since 1991.

"I'm surprised at the diversity of the businesses," O'Keefe said of the
companies being financed by the MIFs.

"There are some very successful enterprises out there. I think there's probably
an image among people in the metro area that it's all farming and rural and
therefore not sophisticated. That is incorrect."

In Spicer, 100 miles west of the Twin Cities, MIF loans have been pivotal in
helping 12-year-old Marketing Concepts of Minnesota grow to 46 employees today
from just five in 1987. The company, which offers graphic arts, printing and
telephone sales services, gets most of its business from beyond the state.

"We wouldn't have grown as rapidly and gotten as big without the fund," says
Mary Nelson, comptroller.

In McGregor, on the edge of the Iron Range, MIF money has helped Minnesota
Specialty Crops expand a food product line that now ranges from wild berry wine
to maple syrup and wild rice.

In the Rochester area, MIF money has helped a number of companies to diversify
in the wake of big job cutbacks at IBM's massive computer factory.

O'Keefe wants the MIFs to focus more on the special needs of their differing
regions and keep getting better at raising money for their endowments.

He cites several trends among the funds' beneficiaries: a greater emphasis on
high-tech products that can be made almost anywhere; more focus on processes
that add value to goods and services; and more complex financing packages.

The MIFs plan to celebrate their 10th anniversary at a two-day conference next
month in Duluth.

Another measure of their success: the frequent calls O'Keefe gets from other
foundations or development officials asking for information about them.

"It's still regarded as a unique approach to addressing the needs of rural
communities," says O'Keefe.

Dave Beal is senior business editor. His column appears Sundays, Mondays and
Fridays.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Catherine Whipple, Pioneer Press
Production inspector Fabian Mazuera works on a disk drive circuit assembly at
Pemstar Inc.'s contract manufacturing plant in Rochester. Pemstar, which now
employs 225 workers, was launched by former IBM employees who lost their jobs
when IBM moved its disk drive production line out of Rochester. Pemstar's
founders got early financial support for developing a financial plan from the
McKnight Foundation's rural initiatives fund.

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Berwick Advertiser

                                 March 16, 2006

Money will pave way for major funders

LENGTH: 487 words


BERWICK'S embryonic community development trust is being given financial
assistance by the local council in an attempt to lever in more funds.

Berwick Community Development Trust had been warned that major funders such as
the Northern Rock Foundation would not give its backing unless there was support
from the local council.

As a result, Berwick Borough Council has agreed to grant £5000 ? despite having
turned down a budget bid for £10,000 for the Trust only last month.

Jane Pannell, chief executive, said: "I have spoken to the Northern Rock
Foundation myself and they are looking for the council to make a contribution
before it agrees to provide funding. If we delay, that window of opportunity
will be gone."

In addition, Northumberland Strategic Partnership (NSP) is pledging £50,000 to
Berwick and £30,000 to the two rural development trusts in Wooler and Seahouses
provided it sees a satisfactory business plan.

However, Coun Tony Hughes felt to grant £5000 at this stage was 'budgeting
through the back door' after an earlier bid had been turned down in the budget
setting process.

"What we need is the creation of a proper policy that will ensure funding for
the three development trusts on an annual basis rather than us providing one-off
grants," he argued.

He also called for clarification on the regeneration work being carried out by
several different organisations in the borough.

"We have this council, the development trusts and the BBLSP (Berwick Borough
Local Strategic Partnership) all working on regeneration but who is going to
create the masterplan and who is going to take forward the vision statement we
created?"

He was backed by Coun David Buckle who revealed the council's overview and
scrutiny committee was concerned at the lack of co-ordination between
development trusts and the BBLSP.

He revealed: "I recently went to Hexham and saw the work of the development
trusts is embedded in the work of the LSP's but here we seem to have something
of a piecemeal approach to funding."

The NSP has stepped in to support Berwick, Wooler and Seahouses because funding
for the Market Town Initiative post in all three runs out at the end of March
which would have threatened the future of the development trusts there.

In Berwick, the Community Development Trust is only just establishing itself,
having found premises in the William Elder building in Castlegate.

Leader, Coun John Stephenson said: "This £5000 could attract several tens of
thousands to this community but this Trust is at a very early stage in its
development and it needs a little help."

The council agreed to grant £5000 on condition of member representation on the
Trust's board and submission of its business plan for 2006/7.

It was also felt there should be BBLSP representation, while officers will
prepare a report on the future funding of development trusts.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Mid Sussex Times

                                  May 25, 2004

BUSINESS SUPPORT

LENGTH: 354 words


News from East Sussex County Council

East Sussex County Council has agreed to inject a grant of £100,000, as part of
an overall package in excess of £1million, into an initiative which will provide
short term financial support for small businesses.

It means that local small and medium businesses can apply for loans which they
might not be able to get from banks and building societies. The potential loans
range from £3,000 to a maximum of £25,000 with repayments made over a three year
period.

Currently about 86 per cent of East Sussex based firms employ 10 or fewer
workers and these would be eligible for the scheme. The project has just kicked
off and any businesses requiring this support should register its interest by
contacting Sean Dennis at Capitalise Business Support Ltd on 01424 781867

As well as the loans, the small businesses can also receive a wide range of
dedicated business support including advice on business plans, one or three day
start up workshops and training as well as ongoing advice support during the
period of the loan.

The cash injection keeps the potential pot of money for the loans topped up
without the need for further investment from the County Council.

Councillor Peter Jones, Leader of the County Council and Lead Member for
Strategic Management and Economic Development has given the go-ahead for the
money to be transferred into the Community Development Finance Initiative from
the Rural Regeneration Fund. The sum of £10,000 has already been granted for
start up costs.

Commenting, Councillor Jones said:" It will provide a vital service for small
businesses who may otherwise not have access to the necessary start up funds or
expertise. The aim of the Community Development Initiative is consistent with
the County Council's target to make a key contribution to raising the economic
performance of East Sussex, through improved workforce skills and support for
new locally based businesses in a way that currently does not exist within the
area. They do exist in other parts of the country and have shown some very
positive results."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                           © 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Farmers market grant-writing workshop set

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 167  words


STILLWATER - Workshops designed to encourage applications to the Farmers Market
and Local Food Promotion federal grant programs are being offered by the
Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
Regional Rural Development Centers.

The workshops are for producers and business owners with retail operations
serving local and regional markets. The workshops are scheduled from 1 p.m. to 5
p.m. March 24 in Muskogee, April 1 in Shawnee, April 7 in Sayre, April 14 in
Norman and April 15 in Enid.

Registration information is available at bit.ly/1CaKUO2.

The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses and communities in the
best position to successfully apply for grants that support local and regional
food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University Cooperative
Extension community development specialist.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Middletown Journal, Ohio

                          February 8, 2006, Wednesday

Bush's budget proposal could cost Middletown, Ohio, programs, jobs

BYLINE: By Dave Greber

LENGTH: 524 words



Middletown stands to lose at least one program, one job or both if President
Bush's proposed cut to certain federal funds is approved later this year.

In his 2007 budget proposal, which was released Monday, Bush called for a
21-percent cut in the amount of money given to cities and counties across the
country in the form of community development block grants (CDBG).

The president is requesting to merge the CDBG funding system with other programs
that pay for the cleanup of brownfields, rural housing and economic development.
Critics of the plan are fearful that the $ 975 million cut could eventually lead
to the elimination of the CDBG program altogether.

Such a cut for Middletown -- still reeling from a 9 percent cut to CDBG funds
last year -- would mean at least one program or one job would be eliminated in
2007, city officials said.

"In a place like Middletown, the need is evident," said Angela Tucker, the
Planning Department's community development administrator. "There is no more fat
in this program, so if there is another cut, it's going to mean a program or a
job (next year)."

Since the budget doesn't go into effect until Oct. 1 each year, the budget is
expected to be adopted in September. Last year, Tucker said, Bush proposed a 100
percent cut to the CDBG program, but it was reduced to 9 percent.

In Middletown, CDBG money funds five major programs each year:

--Housing rehabilitation

--Housing code enforcement

--Public services (i.e. Butler County 2-1-1; the Middletown Health Center)

--Neighborhood revitalization

--Economic development loans.

In 2006, the Middletown's 30th year participating in the CDBG funding system,
the city received more than $ 680,000, and was forced to reduce the levels of
coverage for certain programs. If Bush's proposal -- dubbed Strengthening
America's Communities Initiative -- is approved, the city would receive $
544,092. According to city officials, more than $ 500,000 was spent on staff
costs, including salaries and other administrative fees in 2005.

The administration said the current programs are not efficient in some places
and present a plethora of funding sources that can be confusing for communities.

Although Middletown stands to be less effected than Hamilton or Butler County,
Tucker said, any reduction could be detrimental to new initiatives like those
that help subsidize the cost for local residents to renovate their homes.

"That's a huge bang for our buck, but it's so new it could be eliminated,"
Tucker said of the Property Enhancement Program, which is now five years
running. "It's a council favorite. But the city is in no position to absorb new
costs."


Reporter Jim Bebbington contributed to this story.


-----

To see more of the Middletown Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.middletown.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Middletown Journal, Ohio

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: MD-FEDERAL-BUDGET-20060208

JOURNAL-CODE: MD

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                    Copyright 2006 Middletown Journal, Ohio


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 27, 2010

People

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 22 Vol. 35 No. 1

LENGTH: 1031  words


DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

WASHINGTON

The National Housing Conference and Center for Housing Policy appointed Lynn
Ross to the newly created position of chief operating officer for NHC and the
center.

Ross will be responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations of the two
related organizations and helping to ensure their operations are well
coordinated.

She joined NHC and the center in 2007 as the director of state and local
initiatives.

WASHINGTON

The Council of State Community Development Agencies elected its 2010-2011 board
at the group's annual conference.

The slate includes president Rick Ballard, director, office of community
development, Michigan State Housing Development Authority; vice president Gordon
Walker, director of housing and community development, Utah Department of
Community and Culture; secretary John Greiner, housing policy officer, Maryland
Department of Housing and Community Development; treasurer Gloria Nance-Sims,
director, division of community assistance, North Carolina Department of
Commerce, Division of Community Assistance; and immediate past president Edward
Geiger III, director, center for community financing, Pennsylvania Department of
Community & Economic Development.

Members-at-large are Chris Westlake, deputy director for financial assistance,
California Department of Housing & Community Development; Brian Williamson,
assistant commissioner, Georgia Department of Community Affairs; Gail Hammond,
director, office of community renewal, New York State Housing Trust Fund Corp.;
Keith Heaton, CDBG program manager, Utah Department of Community and Culture;
Basil Julian, grants division director; Arkansas Economic Development
Commission; Catherine Racer, associate director, Massachusetts Department of
Housing and Community Development; and Steve Charleston, CRD division deputy
director, Nebraska Department of Economic Development.

The membership also elected two new additions to the board representing Indiana
and Texas, being.

Representing Indiana is Kathleen Weissenberger, director of the grant support
division for the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs; and representing
Texas is Mark Wyatt, director of the Texas Community Development Block Grant
Program.

ILLINOIS

CHICAGO

Solidifi U.S. said that Mark Critchfield and Tony Laurito have joined the
company in the newly created positions of vice president, business development.

Based in the San Francisco Bay Area, Critchfield is responsible for developing
new lender relationships as well as working with existing Solidifi clients in
the 11 Western states.

Laurito is based in the New York area and will be working with new and current
strategic lender clients.

Critchfield joins Solidifi from Fidelity National Financial, where he was vice
president and regional sales director for the company's entire suite of
services.

Laurito brings over 20 years of mortgage production and executive experience to
Solidifi, most recently from an 11-year career with mortgage insurer United
Guaranty.

MARYLAND

COLUMBIA

Corporate Office Properties Trust said that its board of trustees, as part of an
ongoing personnel development and succession program, elected Roger A. Waesche
Jr. as president, in addition to his current duties as chief operating officer.

Randall M. Griffin, currently president and chief executive officer, will
continue in his role as CEO.

Waesche has been with COPT and its predecessor companies for 25 years and was
promoted to executive vice president and COO in August 2006.

Griffin was elected as trustee in April 2005 and served as president and COO
from September 1998 to January 2005, at which time he was appointed president
and CEO.

From 1993 to September 1998 he was president of Constellation Real Estate Group
until its merger into COPT.

NEW YORK

NEW YORK

Miller Buckfire & Co. appointed Kevin Stahl as a managing director.

Stahl joins Miller Buckfire from RBC Capital Markets, where he was managing
director and co-head of U.S. real estate investment banking.

Prior to his time at RBC, he was a managing director at GE Real Estate in the
North America equity division, where he headed the business development/M&A
effort, and was responsible for sourcing, structuring and executing corporate,
portfolio and joint venture real estate transactions.

NEW YORK

Gregory Baer, a deputy general counsel at Bank of America Corp., is leaving the
Charlotte, N.C.-based firm to join JPMorgan Chase & Co. as managing director and
general counsel in the bank's corporate and global regulatory division.

Baer, a former Treasury Department official in the Clinton administration,
joined B of A in 2006 and served as one of its top regulatory and policy
advisors.

Baer was previously a partner at the law firm of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale
and Dorr, representing companies on financial regulatory and enforcement
matters.

From 1997 to 2001, he was Treasury assistant secretary for financial
institutions and was previously managing senior counsel to the Federal Reserve
Board.

TEXAS

HOUSTON

Stewart National Title Services named Barry S. Smith as vice president and
associate senior underwriter in its Houston office.

With more than 25 years of experience, Smith has held national commercial
underwriting positions with both First American Title Insurance Co. and Fidelity
National Title Insurance Co.

HOUSTON

Transwestern's Houston headquarters said that Doug Little has joined the firm as
a managing director/executive vice president.

Little will help structure and execute strategic national initiatives and serve
institutional clients throughout Houston and the national market.

Prior to joining Transwestern, the 25-year industry veteran served as executive
vice president and managing director of the Central division of PM Realty.

WISCONSIN

GREEN BAY

Associated Banc-Corp named Breck Hanson executive vice president, head of
commercial real estate.

Hanson brings more than 30 years of banking experience to Associated, including
over 20 years within the commercial real estate segment.

Most recently, he was executive vice president, commercial real estate with Bank
of America, and spent over two decades in CRE leadership roles with LaSalle Bank
prior to its merger with Bank of America.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   October 23, 2001 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Cassopolis focuses on downtown revitalization;
Village lands MEDC grant for development analysis

BYLINE: By ADAM JACKSON; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 387 words


CASSOPOLIS --It is difficult to put a price tag on the revitalization of a
declining downtown business district.

But $7,500 is a good place to start.

That's the amount the Cassopolis Downtown Development Authority received as a
grant from the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) Monday to fund a
marketing analysis of the village's downtown business district.

The MEDC is a state agency that administers state and federal funding earmarked
for economic development projects.

"This grant is part of a collaborative effort between the MEDC and the village
to help create new jobs and growth in the village," Tricia Tucciarone, MEDC vice
president of community relations, said at a news conference at Midwest Energy
Cooperative. "It will help to identify strategies to attract and locate new
commercial businesses within the downtown business district."

That has been a longtime goal of village leaders, as occupancy rates in the
community's small downtown region have dwindled. To reverse the trend, village
leaders have formed a Downtown Development Authority to oversee efforts to
revitalize the district.

But a job like that takes more than enthusiasm, it also takes money. Which is
why the village applied for the grant, known as a Community Development Block
Grant, last spring.

And when word came of approval, village leaders heralded the news as the first
step toward bringing the downtown business district back from the brink.

"We were fortunate in that we made the application at sort of the right part of
the cycle," Village Manager Arthur Sciorra said. "We have already completed a
survey asking business owners what they would like to see, but this will allow
us to find out just what the market can support."

The next step will be to locate and hire a company to conduct the study, which
may be completed by the end of the year.

After that, village leaders will have the pieces of the puzzle they need to move
ahead in the effort to pump life back into the downtown area, Cassopolis
Downtown Development Authority Chairman John Hayman said.

"We have so much to hope for; so many opportunities for growth," he said.

"I feel like we have an unpainted palette in front of us just waiting to be
painted."

Staff Writer Adam Jackson

ajackson@sbtinfo.com

(616) 687-7001


LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cassopolis Village Manager Art Sciorra, second from right, makes a
point during a news conference Monday announcing a $7,500 downtown Cassopolis
study at Midwest Energy Cooperative in Cassopolis. Listening in next to Sciorra
are Cassopolis Village President Julia Bell and Midwest Energy Vice President of
Marketing & Customer Services Steve Rhodes. Tribune Photo/MARK SHEPHARD ; MEDC
inks rural pact   The Michigan Economic Development Corporation on Monday signed
a partnership agreement with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Agency -- Michigan to work together to assist the state's rural
businesses and communities.  "The MEDC is investing considerably in rural
development through the work of our Community Assistance Teams and other
targeted initiatives," said Doug Rothwell, president and CEO of the Michigan
Economic Development Corporation. "We welcome this partnership with USDA Rural
Development, which will allow for a new level of strategic awareness and
cooperation." Components of the agreement include holding periodic meetings to
identify opportunities where partnering is possible on specific projects and
informational programs, promoting the business and economic development programs
of each agency and supporting rural Renaissance Zones and rural Enterprise
Communities.  "Rural Development looks forward to developing an even closer
working relationship with the Michigan Economic Development Corporation," said
Joanne DeVuyst, state director for USDA Rural Development operations in
Michigan. -- Tribune staff report

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 19, 2007 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Main Edition

Horizon: Ahead of the Curve

BYLINE: TY TAGAMI, CHRISTOPHER QUINN, DAVID PENDERED, PAUL DONSKY, STACY
SHELTON; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 806 words


Dunwoody cityhood impact on DeKalb is topic of meetings

The Georgia Senate has passed legislation calling for a referendum to create a
city out of the Dunwoody area. Now it's up the House to decide whether residents
there will get to vote June 19.

But what would cityhood for the area mean for the rest of DeKalb County? County
residents can learn about the implications at meetings this week.

Members of the DeKalb County legislative delegation will speak about the
proposal at a meeting of the South DeKalb Neighborhoods Coalition at 7 p.m.
Tuesday, at 2861 Wesley Chapel Road in Decatur.

Then, at 2 p.m. Wednesday, the House Governmental Affairs committee will discuss
the proposal in Room 606 of the Coverdell Legislative Office Building, across
the street from the state Capitol.

--- Ty Tagami

Federal budget request would help acquire Paulding Forest

President Bush has requested $3.5 million in the 2008 federal Forest Legacy
program to help purchase Paulding Forest.

Paulding Forest, west of Dallas, is 7,080 acres targeted for acquisition as
permanent green space. The citizens of Paulding County approved $15 million in
bonds last year to help pay for the purchase, but that is about one-third of
what is needed.

Supporters already have received a $1 million grant from the Doris Duke
Foundation, and Gov. Sonny Perdue has called for state money, perhaps as much as
$15 million, to help in the purchase.

The forest is 11 square miles of rolling hills and pine and hardwood trees. The
state currently rents the land for public hunting and fishing from the Jones
Co., a local timber interest. The forest abuts 3,000 acres already owned by the
state. When complete, the purchase will make up more than 10,000 acres, a huge
swath of green space in a metropolitan area. By comparison, Kennesaw Mountain
National Battlefield Park, one of metro Atlanta's most popular destinations for
hikers and runners, is only 2,888 acres.

--- Christopher Quinn

State initiative's goal to reduce poverty with economic boost

Gov. Sonny Perdue has started a community development program that aims to boost
the economy of rural Georgia, which is in a region that is among the poorest in
the country.

Perdue issued an executive order March 12 calling on the state Department of
Community Affairs to oversee the Communities of Opportunities Initiative. Local
governments will ask for help in developing strategies to improve their
communities. The program started informally last year in 11 rural counties in
eastern Georgia, in the central Savannah River area, and will continue this
summer in the same counties.

Rural Georgia, which covers an area that's south of an imaginary line from
Augusta through Macon to Columbus, has faced persistent poverty over a 30-year
period, according to a 2003 study by the Carl Vinson Institute of Government at
the University of Georgia. Poverty was defined as a family of four living with a
1999 income of less than $17,029. Poverty in the region, as well as poverty in
seven other Southern states, drains the economic health of the nation, the study
said.

--- David Pendered

Troup's Wild Animal Safari park has expansion plans

Wild Animal Safari theme park in Troup County, 75 miles southwest of Atlanta, is
exploring a major expansion that could include a 300-room hotel, a water park,
RV park and about 50 cabins.

No plans are set, said the park's vice president, Jason Hutcherson. But the park
is seeking a zoning change in hopes of expanding in the next three to five
years, Hutcherson said.

The 16-year-old park attracts 150,000 visitors a year who come to see the
giraffes, zebras, llamas, antelope and other exotic animals roaming the
property.

The park owns 500 acres in Troup County, but only about half the property is
being used, Hutcherson said.

The park is seeking to rezone the remaining property from agricultural use to
commercial use, Hutcherson said.

The park filed development papers with the state last week.

--- Paul Donsky

Ga. Tech honors EPD director Carol Couch with alumni award

Georgia Environmental Protection Division Director Carol Couch received the 2007
Ivan Allen Jr. Alumni Award from Georgia Tech last week for her life and career
achievements. The award commemorates the late Allen, a 1933 Tech graduate who
was mayor of Atlanta and a businessman.

Couch, who received her bachelor of science degree in health systems engineering
from Tech, was appointed EPD director in 2003 by the Board of Natural Resources
and Gov. Sonny Perdue. Previously, she led water quality studies for the U.S.
Geological Survey.

At the same awards luncheon, Couch presented the 2007 Ivan Allen Prize for
Progress and Service to Lessie Smithgall and the late Charles Smithgall,
benefactors of Smithgall Woods, now a state conservation park, and the Smithgall
Woodlands Gardens of the Atlanta Botanical Society.

--- Stacy Shelton

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 21, 2007



CORRECTION: The Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts at Georgia Tech recently gave
its highest honor to the late Charles Smithgall and his wife Lessie. A news
brief in Monday's Metro section incorrectly stated how the 2007 Ivan Allen Jr.
Prize for Progress and Public Service was presented.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

West Central Initiative highlighted as part of The Democracy Collaborative's
'Innovative 30'

BYLINE: Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Dec. 08--What could a small regional foundation like West Central Initiative
have in common with the likes of the California Community Foundation or the New
York Community Trust? Turns out, it is their ability to help revitalize and
rebuild more equitable, sustainable local economies by using their knowledge of
their communities to kick start economic development.

Across the country, innovative community foundations are finding new ways to
deploy all their resources to build community wealth. The Democracy
Collaborative's new report, A New Anchor Mission for a New Century, lifts up the
work of 30 such leading community foundations, including West Central Initiative
.

The report's authors, Democracy Collaborative Senior Fellow Marjorie Kelly and
Community Development Associate Violeta Duncan, describe community foundations
as "anchor institutions" with significant resources that are highly unlikely to
abandon the communities in which they reside. With many of these communities in
both rural and urban areas struggling with deeply entrenched economic problems,
Kelly and Duncan make the case for community foundations to take up the "anchor
mission": recognizing the impact they can have as engines of community economic
development and local mission-driven investment.

The report's authors highlight WCI because of its strong economic development
presence in west central Minnesota, which include:

--Acting as the Region Four Economic Development District designee that enables
it to oversee regional economic planning and to provide technical assistance to
communities who apply for federal grants for public works infrastructure;

--Offering loans for business start-ups and expansion;

--Providing support to nonprofits and schools specializing in business creation
and expansion;

--Providing grant programs for workforce training and development;

--Supporting the work of the Family Economic Success Council through grants to
nonprofits developing strategies to help families find and retain quality
employment, build wealth and save for the future.

The Democracy Collaborative's report is available as a free PDF download at:
http://democracycollaborative.org/new-anchor-mission

West Central Initiative is a regional community foundation serving the nine west
central Minnesota counties of Becker, Clay, Douglas, Grant, Otter Tail, Pope,
Stevens, Traverse and Wilkin.

___ (c)2014 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141208-1FF-West-Central-Initiative
-highlighted-as-part-of-The-Democracy-Collaborative-s-Innovative-30-1208-2014120
8

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2014 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Morpeth Herald

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

£4m boost for Northumberland's rural communities

BYLINE: Ben O'connell

LENGTH: 492  words


Rural businesses and communities in Northumberland are set to benefit from
nearly £4million to help create jobs and boost the economy.

And to help decide which organisations receive grant funding, the Northumberland
LEADER Programme is looking to recruit new members to its Local Action Groups
(LAGs). These groups are made up of the local community along with the public
and private sector.

They will decide which projects they will fund in their area. This depends on
their priorities but all projects must support one or more of the six LEADER
priorities, which are to: support micro and small businesses and farm
diversification; boost rural tourism; increase farm productivity; increase
forestry productivity; provide rural services; provide cultural and heritage
activities.

A grant funding pot of £4million will be opened for applications in the coming
months and the programme open until 2019 for eligible rural businesses.

Previous rounds of LEADER funding in Northumberland have supported many and
varied projects. One example is more than £14,000 of funding to allow a young
businesswoman to set up her own business and play her part in supporting her
local community after establishing Lindisfarne Charcoal. The funding was used to
buy specialist tools such as charcoal production kilns and chain-saws, helping
the business produce traditionally made charcoal from locally sourced timber.

LEADER programme officer, Ivan Hewitt, said: "With the beginning of the new
programme, we are looking to widen and develop the membership of our Local
Action Groups. We want to hear from local businesses, community organisations,
parish and town councils, development trusts, public-sector agencies and local
residents. By developing the LAGs in this way, we intend to ensure there are a
broad range of interests local to Northumberland represented."

Coun Allan Hepple, Northumberland County Council cabinet member for economic
growth, said: "As the LEADER Programme continues to grow, develop, and deliver
regeneration projects and community development initiatives, it will remain open
and accessible to everyone. Growing the economy is this council's number one
corporate priority and this is another source of funding which will provide a
great boost to our rural communities. I'd urge anyone with ideas for developing
their business, boosting rural tourism, increasing the productivity of farms and
forests, or improving rural services to get in touch."

Anyone interested in joining either of the Northumberland LEADER Local Action
Groups should email their name, organisation (if appropriate), contact address
including postcode, contact number and email address to either Northumberland
Coast & Lowlands - ivan.hewitt@northumberland.gov.uk or telephone 01670 623927,
or Northumberland Uplands - gillian.cowell@northumberland.gov.uk or telephone
01670 623885. Applications to join the Northumberland LEADER LAGs need to be
received by Friday, July 31.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPMH


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Northumberland Gazette

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

£4m boost for Northumberland's rural communities

BYLINE: Ben O'connell

LENGTH: 492  words


Rural businesses and communities in Northumberland are set to benefit from
nearly £4million to help create jobs and boost the economy.

And to help decide which organisations receive grant funding, the Northumberland
LEADER Programme is looking to recruit new members to its Local Action Groups
(LAGs). These groups are made up of the local community along with the public
and private sector.

They will decide which projects they will fund in their area. This depends on
their priorities but all projects must support one or more of the six LEADER
priorities, which are to: support micro and small businesses and farm
diversification; boost rural tourism; increase farm productivity; increase
forestry productivity; provide rural services; provide cultural and heritage
activities.

A grant funding pot of £4million will be opened for applications in the coming
months and the programme open until 2019 for eligible rural businesses.

Previous rounds of LEADER funding in Northumberland have supported many and
varied projects. One example is more than £14,000 of funding to allow a young
businesswoman to set up her own business and play her part in supporting her
local community after establishing Lindisfarne Charcoal. The funding was used to
buy specialist tools such as charcoal production kilns and chain-saws, helping
the business produce traditionally made charcoal from locally sourced timber.

LEADER programme officer, Ivan Hewitt, said: "With the beginning of the new
programme, we are looking to widen and develop the membership of our Local
Action Groups. We want to hear from local businesses, community organisations,
parish and town councils, development trusts, public-sector agencies and local
residents. By developing the LAGs in this way, we intend to ensure there are a
broad range of interests local to Northumberland represented."

Coun Allan Hepple, Northumberland County Council cabinet member for economic
growth, said: "As the LEADER Programme continues to grow, develop, and deliver
regeneration projects and community development initiatives, it will remain open
and accessible to everyone. Growing the economy is this council's number one
corporate priority and this is another source of funding which will provide a
great boost to our rural communities. I'd urge anyone with ideas for developing
their business, boosting rural tourism, increasing the productivity of farms and
forests, or improving rural services to get in touch."

Anyone interested in joining either of the Northumberland LEADER Local Action
Groups should email their name, organisation (if appropriate), contact address
including postcode, contact number and email address to either Northumberland
Coast & Lowlands - ivan.hewitt@northumberland.gov.uk or telephone 01670 623927,
or Northumberland Uplands - gillian.cowell@northumberland.gov.uk or telephone
01670 623885. Applications to join the Northumberland LEADER LAGs need to be
received by Friday, July 31.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPNG


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Kentucky: Chefs in Schools Collaborative will help schools serve fresh local
foods to Kentucky students

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: Kentucky Agriculture Department has issued the following news
release:



 Schools in eight Kentucky counties will receive face-to-face instruction from
chefs to help them serve fresh local foods to their students under two pilot
projects led by the Kentucky Department of Agriculture's Farm to School Program
in partnership with the Community Farm Alliance and the National Farm to School
Network.







 "School food service workers want to serve healthy, delicious meals to Kentucky
children, and these projects will help them do that," Commissioner of
Agriculture Ryan Quarles said. "These investments will help the next generation
of Kentuckians grow up healthy and strong, and they also will teach them to
value farmers and local food systems as a way of life."





 Under the Chefs in Schools Collaborative, chefs will educate school food
service personnel about incorporating fresh local foods in their menus, knife
skills and proper handling of fresh local foods, taste testing with students,
introducing local farmers to students to help them understand where their food
comes from, recipe and menu development, and supporting local growers as part of
rural economic development.





 The projects will run from February through May with a two-day training session
at the Kentucky School Nutrition Association conference in June in Covington.





 The National Farm to School Network will use funding from Seed Change, an
18-month, $1.5 million project funded by The Walmart Foundation, to support the
Chefs in Schools Collaborative in Boyle, Clark, Grayson, and Oldham counties.
Kentucky was one of three states - along with Louisiana and Pennsylvania - that
were awarded grants from Seed Change.





 The Community Farm Alliance will use $15,000 from the Central Appalachian
Network to conduct the Chefs in Schools Collaborative in Harlan, Martin, Morgan,
and Pike counties. The Central Appalachian Network funding was part of a
$250,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Housing Service,
Rural Community Development Initiative.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 27, 2010 Monday

Edison program modeled on Harlem Children's Zone

BYLINE: By Margo Rutledge Kissell Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 712 words


DAYTON - A year ago, a dozen nonprofit and education leaders from Dayton went to
New York City to learn more about the Harlem Children's Zone, which dramatically
boosted student achievement in some of the city's most poverty-stricken
neighborhoods.

"The results they've been able to produce have been amazing," the Dayton Urban
League's Nina Carter said. "They certainly serve as a positive example for other
communities."

Carter is program manager for the Edison PreK-8 School Taking Off to Success
(TOTS) program modeled after The Baby College in Harlem, which offers a
nine-week parenting workshop to expectant parents and those raising children up
to age 3.

The three-year pilot program will work with 100 families living in distressed
neighborhoods near Edison and Ruskin PreK-8 schools.

The Human Services Levy will fund the effort, with $200,000 being allocated
annually over three years to East End Community Services and the Dayton Urban
League if they demonstrate progress is being made.

Former University of Dayton President Brother Raymond L. Fitz, a force behind
the neighborhood initiative and member of the Family and Children First Council,
said the key to success is "mending the pipeline at the very beginning" before
children fall too far behind.

Federal money could find way to Dayton

Kathy Emery, community affairs manager for the city's Planning and Community
Development department, said a local coalition plans to apply for the federal
Promise Neighborhood grant program, an Obama initiative to put education at the
center of efforts to fight poverty in urban and rural areas.

Local officials see a basis in successful local programs such as Dayton Public
Schools' focus on improving its K-3 curriculum and EDvention, a collaborative
dedicated to accelerating science, technology, engineering and math (STEM)
talent.

"The whole idea of Promise Neighborhoods is to target neighborhoods were there
really are a lot of challenges," Emery said, "but also a lot of assets that we
can build upon."

Incentives big part of TOTS budget

Diane Brogan-Adams, program director of East End's Lynda A. Cohen TOTS program,
said parenting sessions will start in October.

Both agencies have been recruiting parents to participate in three-hour classes
on Saturdays that run for nine weeks on topics such as literacy and
immunization. Participants will have a chance to connect with other parents and
put in touch with other resources in the community.

TOTS officials will offer incentives such as $10 grocery store gift cards. At
the end of the nine-week sessions, any parent who has attended all of them would
be eligible for something like one month's free rent.

"That's a big part of our budget, the incentives," said Brogan-Adams, former
executive director of Project Read.

Kindergarten readiness a key

Robyn Lightcap, director of Ready, Set, Soar, an early childhood collaborative
in Montgomery County working to ensure every child is ready for kindergarten,
has studied state Kindergarten Readiness Assessment - Literacy (KRA-L) data. The
KRA-L scores help educators evaluate children's literacy skills at the beginning
of the kindergarten year.

The KRA-L measures six essential indicators of success: answering questions,
sentence repetition, rhyming identification and rhyming production, letter
identification and initial sounds. The composite scores fall between three score
bands.

Lightcap noted that 73 percent of students in Oak-wood fall into Band 3, which
indicates advanced students, some of whom may be reading.

Dayton students, meanwhile, have about 80 percent across Bands 1 and 2.

"It's almost flipped," Lightcap said, noting a child in Band 1 may not be able
to identify letters.

The scores don't show some of the hidden struggles facing poor families.

"Clearly, in low-income situations, they could be moving constantly. They are
highly mobile. They could be trying to get food and basic needs met," Lightcap
said. "Learning to read may not be at the top of a family's list."

Fitz said the University of Dayton and Wright State University will evaluate the
program's effect on KRA-L scores.

He also wants to know if it will improve third-grade reading scores.

"That's what I'm hoping for," he said.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2094 or mkissell@Dayton DailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     gfiles

                                  June 5, 2016

Statescan - Jammu & Kashmir Udhampur: Connecting people

BYLINE: Dr Shahid Iqbal Choudhary

LENGTH: 661  words


Bridges under Project Rahat have connected schools, hospitals and Anganwadi
centres, reducing the distance traversed by local people and making them safe


PROJECT Rahat was initiated by the District Administration of Udhampur in
October 2015 after a three-month long participatory planning and consultation
exercise as well as technology sharing agreements.

Bridges under Project Rahat, spanning up to 30-40 metres, have been initiated
near schools in hilly terrain, remote hamlets, traditional paths, livestock
movement routes, nomadic migration routes, ration carriage access and approaches
to sources of water. In the recent past, a large number of lives were lost,
thousands of students deprived of education, livestock perished and livelihood
affected due to flooding of rivulets having huge catchment areas. So, bridges
were planned at critical points, providing round the year connectivity in
villages.



Stages of Project Rahat : The project was conceived and planned at the District
Administration level and executed through the Rural Development Department. The
process included: planning meetings; resourcemobilisation; public meetings and
consultations; participatory planning; visits to DRDO-HESCO Dehradun; designing;
initiation and construction; testing; launching and dedication; and, social
audit.

Unique model of funding: No additional sources were requisitioned. Instead,
available resources under various plans were converged for the construction of
footbridges as community asset.

Funding through convergence: The project has been designed under convergence of
funds from various sources/ heads and contribution of community resources like
MGNREGA, Corporate Social Responsibility, District Innovation Fund, Untied
Grants, SCA to TSP, SCA to SCSP, MPLADS, MLA-CDF, Bad-Pocket Initiative,
Community Development Plan grants, District Plan, SDRF, timber, etc

Phases: Initially the project was launched in two phases with a target of 114
bridges. However, after massive public demand and successful implementation on
ground, Phase-III with additional 56 bridges has been planned. This makes the
total number of bridges 170 (See Table 1).



Benefit Analysis: Bridges constructed under Project Rahat have connected
schools, hospitals, Anganwadi centres, ration depots and also reduced the
distance traversed by local inhabitants (See Table 2).



The project benefits 327 schools, having an enrolment of 27,465 students. It
reduces the distance by 349 km cumulatively in the district for reaching these
schools. A total of 183 depots-having 30,069 families comprising 1,30,635
persons-have been benefitted in terms of ration carriage and transportation.
Overall, a population of 1,81,750 has been benefitted by these bridges. Also,
512 Anganwadi centres are connected.

Employment: Project Rahat has generated more than 42,250 person-days of
employment for both skilled and unskilled labour in the district.

Specifications: The bridges have been designed with technology developed by
Defense Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and provided through
Dehradun-based HESCO. It has a load/ weight bearing capacity of 500 kg/ sq m.

Funding/Budget: Bridges under Project Rahat have been constructed under
convergence with major funding under MGNREGA and proportionate Gap Funding from
other schemes (See Table 3).



Timeline: The bridges have been constructed in record time. More than 170
bridges will be completed by July 2016. As many as 103 bridges are nearing
completion and 56 have been completed.

Project team: A dedicated project team comprised of officers from District
Administration headed by District Development Commissioner along with Assistant
Commissioner Development, Block Development Officers, Engineers from REW and
Technical Consultants supervises the planning and implementation of Project
Rahat. The project was planned and designed by me, when I was posted as DC
Udhampur.

(The writer is Additional Special Secretary to the J&K Chief Minister)

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


    Copyright 2016 Sarvashrestha Media Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           January 21, 1998 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Scotia chalk mine among recipients of tourism money

BYLINE: JOE DUGGAN Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 791 words


They've struck gold at a chalk mine in Greeley County. Developers of the Happy
Jack Chalk Mine near Scotia will receive a $42,900 grant today from the Ne-
braska Department of Economic Development to convert the old abandoned mine into
a central Ne- braska tourist attraction.  "When we got the grant, I nearly fell
over backwards," said Steve Goldfish, a Scotia farmer who's leading the project.
"Boy, everybody was jumping around.... It was just like striking gold, it really
was."

More than a century ago, miners cut chunks of chalky, white rock from a
labyrinth of tunnels south of Scotia. They originally sold the rock as building
material, but the mine failed.  In the 1920s, United Mineral of Omaha reopened
the mine. It pul- verized the rock and used it in 80 dif- ferent products, from
road material to cosmetics. But even in its heyday, the mine probably never
brought in $43,000.  "In the '30s, they called it a gold mine because it
provided jobs dur- ing the Depression," he said. "I real- ly feel it's ironic
because the rural areas are dying again and people are moving away. Maybe we got
a chance to stimulate the economy one more time."  Goldfish and other developers
plan to open Happy Jack -- located about 50 miles northwest of Grand Island --
later this year as a mining museum and geology interpretive center. The total
project will cost an estimated $430,000. Developers ex- pect to raise the
remaining funds from other grants, private contribu- tions and volunteer help.
Gov. Ben Nelson is expected to announce the winners of the depart- ment's
Tourism Development Initia- tive program today. Seven projects across the state
will receive a total of $830,000, said Tony Dworak, a de- velopment consultant
who designed the initiative.  "We looked for projects that had strong potential
for long-term eco- nomic development impact on their towns and regions," he
said.  Money for the initiative came from unused grants the state re- ceived
under the federal Communi- ty Development Block Grant program. Block grants
typically pay for housing, economic development and public infrastructure in a
com- munity. This is the first time they have targeted tourism, Dworak said.
Fifty-four projects applied for some of the $1 million in available grants. The
department will distrib- ute the remaining $170,000 later this year.  The
village of Brownville re- ceived $74,000 to renovate the turn- of-the-century
Brownville Opera House. Once used for performing arts, the Opera House now
houses community gatherings, flea markets and craft shows.  "We were really
thrilled to be able to get it," Village Board Chair- man Martin Hayes said.
Combined with keno revenue, the grant will pay for general improve- ments at the
Opera House, including the addition of handicap-accessible restrooms. The
project is scheduled to be done in the summer of 1999.  Other grant winners to
be an- nounced today:  Five Rocks Amphitheater Pa- vilion in Gering -- $51,770
grant, $103,000 total project cost. The grant will help pay for such
improvements as a covered pavilion that will add 500 seats to the open air
facility. The project is scheduled for completion this summer.  Lake McConaughy
water in- terpretive center, near Ogallala -- $154,500 grant, $850,000 total
project cost. The local business community raised money to add a tourism ele-
ment to the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission's new adminis- trative offices at
the lake. The cen- ter will house interpretive displays that will tell the story
of Lake McCo- naughy, Kingsley Dam, irrigation and the Ogallala Aquifer. It is
sched- uled for completion in 1999.  Valentine Convention Center in Valentine --
$250,000 grant, $1.5 million total project cost. The con- vention center will
accommodate groups of up to 500 and will be close to the Cowboy Trial, the
Niobrara River and Smith Falls State Park. The center is scheduled to be done in
late 1999.  Heartland Museum of Military Vehicles near Lexington -- $108,635
grant, $217,270 total project cost. Mu- seum officials want to add a
5,200-square-foot visitor center to their site. It will feature video dis-
plays, a military history library and memorabilia to complement the museum's
collection of restored mil- itary vehicles. The center should be done this
summer.  Dancing Leaf Earth Lodge near Wellfleet -- $150,000 grant, $325,000
total project cost. The repli- ca of an American Indian earth lodge first opened
to tourists in the late 1980s near Stockville. The busi- ness owners plan to
move it to a for- mer Boy Scout camp near Wellfleet, located south of North
Platte in Lin- coln County. The project is expected to be finished this summer.

The following fields overflowed:

Keyword (KEYW) = Community Development Block Grant

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

PSDF initiates capacity building project

BYLINE: SALIM AHMED

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 166

LENGTH: 428  words


Punjab Skills Development Fund (PSDF) has initiated a capacity building project,
'Skills for Biogas Plants', to provide training for the installation of Biogas
units all over the Punjab.

The project will promote the use of renewable energy resources in rural
communities by providing trainings for biogas supervisors and technicians.

This collaborative initiative has been successfully launched by Reon Energy
Solutions along-with COMSATS Institute of Information Technology - Abbottabad
During the program more than 700 trainees from Bahawalnagar, Bahawalpur and
Khanewal were given an orientation and training on the latest techniques used
for building Bio-Gas plants and producing energy through Bio-Gas technology.

By utilizing standardized and structured trainings of biogas plant supervisors
and technicians the project will contribute in reducing dependence on
conventional costly energy sources and will improve living standards for rural
communities. At the end of the training programme, the learners were awarded
with Certificates and Scholarships.

COMSATS Institute of Information Technology (CIIT), Abbottabad has been an
iconic institute known for delivering supreme services in academics and
research.

Along with academic and research services, CIIT Abbottabad has been working for
the development of deprived community through its outreach department; COMSATS
Community Development Unit (CCDU).

CCDU is striving for community empowerment using bottom up approach for the
uplift of extremely vulnerable, marginalized and poorest of the poor. CCDU has
played vital role in the relief and rehabilitation of earthquake (2005),
Conflict, and Flood (2010) affected communities.

CCDU has been working under Community Development, Professional Development,
Environmental Development and Disaster Management Programs across Pakistan.

Reon Energy Solutions possesses technical expertise and experience in Solar and
Biogas installations. It has installed more than 20 biogas projects that have
led to marked reductions in operational and energy expenses while increasing
outputs. Other Biogas projects that are also successfully running all over
Pakistan include milk chilling, power generation and agri-solutions.

Reon Energy Solutions operates throughout Pakistan and through its renewable
energy solutions is making a difference in numerous business fields such as
telecom, health, education, agriculture and industry.

Reon Energy Solutions aims to give its customers an energy abundant future by
harnessing the potential of the environment in a safe and sustainable manner.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: 10 Surprising Government Programs That Are Costing You $10.2 Billion

LENGTH: 841  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

Here's one program you probably didn't realize your tax dollars were funding: a
pet-shampoo company.

A new spending bill takes center stage this week in Congress, and according to a
Heritage Foundation report, lawmakers could use it to save taxpayers $10.2
billion by axing subsidies including one bolstering a pet-shampoo company.

Romina Boccia, a Heritage budget expert and author of the report, says finding
savings for the American people would be wise for congressional appropriators,
especially "after reaching an agreement to spend nearly $45 billion more in 2014
than allowed under the sequestration spending caps."

Her report outlines 10 federal programs full of spending the American public
probably doesn't even know existed.

For instance, a project in the Community Development Block Grant funds the
pet-shampoo company and other "wasteful parochial projects." Boccia says
eliminating this funding could save taxpayers $3.1 billion.

Other spending cuts she suggests cover programs she describes to be "better
suited for management at a state, local, or private level."

The Department of Transportation's Transportation Alternatives Program, which
costs taxpayers $800 million, funds community preservation and landscaping
projects like bicycle paths, sidewalks and nature paths -- despite the fact that
such projects are purely local matters, Boccia says.

Cutting these programs would amount to even more benefits than just saving
taxpayers money. Boccia writes:

Doing so would save American taxpayers money in the long run and reduce the size
and scope of the federal government--saving even more money, and reducing
federal intervention in local government and market functions.

The following is a list of the 10 programs where Boccia believes Congress can
save taxpayers money. Click here to read the full report.

1. Cut Pet-Shampoo and Similar Projects, Save $3.1 billion: The U.S. Department
of Housing and Urban Development Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
program funds "wasteful parochial projects, which include funding a pet-shampoo
company and issuing risky business loans."

2. Stop Bankrolling the Common Core, Save $2 billion: The Department of
Education competitive grant programs under the Elementary and Secondary
Education Act (ESEA) funds more than 60 projects, including an initiative that
promotes Common Core national standards. Boccia says this is "an area regarded
by tradition and law as a state and local matter."

3. Cut a Program That Hurts Youth, Save $1.6 billion: Job Corps is a residential
job-training program to serve disadvantaged youth, but according to Boccia's
research, it "has an abysmal record." Job Corps participants were less likely to
earn a high school diploma than non-participants in a control group.
Participants in the program also worked fewer weeks and worked fewer hours per
week than similar teens and tweens.

4. Cut Unnecessary Red Tape, Save $1.5 billion: The U.S. Department of
Agriculture Food for Peace Title II grants require food to be purchased in the
United States and then shipped across oceans in U.S.-flagged vessels, adding
unnecessary logistical challenges to already-higher costs.

5. Cut Pork-Barrel Projects, Save $800 million: The Department of
Transportation's Transportation Alternatives Program funds community
preservation projects like bicycle paths, sidewalks, and nature paths. Boccia
argues "such projects are purely local matters."

6. Cut Private Landowner Beautification, Save $730 million: The Natural
Resources Conservation Service runs this program to help private landowners
maintain private land and teach them how to best use their land. Boccia says
taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize advice on how to improve visual
appearance.

7. Cut Government Handouts, Save $200 million: The Department of Transportation
Essential Air Service subsidizes the flights of rural passengers who opt for air
travel when cheaper or unsubsidized travel alternatives. According to Boccia,
any subsidies for these flights should come from the local or state level, which
are benefitting from the service.

8. Cut Corporate Welfare, Save $120 million: The Department of Energy's Advanced
Manufacturing Program subsidizes activities leading to greater energy efficiency
in American manufacturing processes - something Boccia believes companies should
decide on their own to participate in.

9. Cut Crony Capitalism, Save $100 million: The Rural Business Program Account
deals with business and industry-guaranteed loans and rural business enterprise
grants. This allows the federal government to play venture capitalist with
taxpayer money, Boccia says.

10. Cut Funding for Overseas Abortions, Save $35 million: The United Nations
Population Fund, funded in millions of taxpayer dollars, faces continued
allegations that it has been complicit in China's coercive one-child policy,
which is often enforced through forced abortions and forced sterilizations.

For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

TSB community grants top a million

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1261 words


More than a million dollars have been given by the TSB Community Trust to
Taranaki organisations in its latest funding round.

A total of $1,163,023.90 grants were paid out by the trust to 167 organisations
and individuals for July, August and September.

Taranaki Land Search and Rescue advisory committee received $65,000 towards
rescue equipment and uniforms, while Taranaki Women's Refuge received $22,000
and Royal New Zealand SPCA Taranaki branch $10,000 for a new vehicle.

North Taranaki SPCA spokeswoman Jackie Poles Smith was delighted with the grant.
The organisation needed a new four-wheel drive, Poles Smith said.

Nga Motu Reserve Society Incorporated was given $12,000 for a purpose-built
trailer to transport equipment to field trips and community events; Taranaki FM
Trust $30,000 for programming and broadcasting costs; and Marfell Kindergarten
$50,000 towards building renovations.

The New Plymouth Injury Safe Trust received a $40,000 grant to assist with six
key initiatives and programmes to support the delivery of the strategic plan.

The Eltham Community Development Group was given $14,100 towards a unique
art-themed public convenience facility; Trinity Home and Hospital Limited
received $49,000 to help with refurbishment costs; and Project Litefoot Trust
had $32,630 towards the implementation of energy efficiency programmes in the
region's sports clubs.

Community:

Taranaki Car Club $5000. Taranaki Morris Minor Car Club Incorporated $200. New
Plymouth Central Women's Institute $200. New Plymouth Floral Art Club $200. New
Plymouth Machine Knitters Club $200. South Taranaki Stitchcraft Guild $200.
Taranaki Gardens Festival Trust $49,000. Hawera Savage Club $10,000. Taranaki
Land SAR Advisory Committee $65,000. TSB Topec $80,000. Egmont Caravan & Campers
Club $200. New Plymouth Citizens Advice Bureau $13,000. Women's Institute -
Maata $200, Women's Institute - Norfolk $200, Women's Institute - Waitara $200.
Kings Empire Veterans - South Taranaki $350. NZ Army Assn - Taranaki $3000.
Royal NZ Naval Association - Taranaki Branch $350. Waitara Foodbank - Kai Potaka
$3000. Waitara Districts History & Families Research $350. Otakeho Public Hall
Society $250. Tikorangi Community Centre $350. Tongaporutu Hall Club
Incorporated $350. New Plymouth Bonsai Club $200. Waitara Patchwork Group $200.
Fifties Forward - New Plymouth $500. Nga Motu Marine Reserve Society
Incorporated $12,000. Taranaki FM Trust $30,000. Eltham Savage Club $200. Urenui
and Districts Senior Citizens $700. Rural Women South Taranaki Provincial $200.
Taranaki Toy Dog Club $975. Taranaki Caravan Club $200. Taranaki Volkswagen
Owners Club $200. Taranaki Ecumenical Chaplaincy Committee Inc $350. Turuturu
Women's Institute $200. Eltham Community Development Group $14,100. Girl Guides
Association of New Zealand Rotorangi Girl Guides $1700. Fuchsia 2000 Club $200.
Stratford Horticultural Society $200. Egmont Modellers Club $200. Probus -
Stratford Men's $200. Opunake Lions Beach Carnival $1400. Rural Women Hawera
$200.

Cultural:

Taranaki Welsh Club $350. Pukeiti Rhododendron Trust $6500. Taranaki Vintage
Machinery Club $2700. Performing Arts Collective $700. Hawera Art Club $350.
Taranaki National Art Awards $5000. City of New Plymouth Caledonian Pipe Band
$700. Rhinestone Country Music Club $350. South Taranaki Art Gallery Exhibition
Inc $700. Square & Round Dance Group New Plymouth $350. Intercreate Trust
$25,000. Taranaki Primary Schools Cultural Festival $1400. Tropfest New Zealand
Charitable Trust $80,000. Taranaki Children's Choir $400. Taranaki Arts Festival
Trust $20,000.

Education:

Taranaki Science & Technology Fair Committee $1400. Stratford Central
Kindergarten $700. Marco School BoT $10,000. Opunake High School $4200. Taranaki
Maori Adult Community Education Trust $700. Senior Net - New Plymouth Inc $700.
Hawera Free Kindergarten $700. Marfell Kindergarten $50,000. Kaponga Playcentre
$16,000. Normanby Playcentre $25,000. Taranaki Nurse Graduates Association $700.
Senior Net - Stratford $700. English Language Partners Taranaki Incorporated
$700. Matapu School Board of Trustees $20,000. St Joseph's School New Plymouth
$2100. Nga Manu Reo Toastmasters Club $350.

Health:

New Plymouth Injury Safe Trust $40,000.

Individuals:

Andrew Isbister - Inline Hockey $750, Charlotte Webby - Swimming $1500, Corryn
Parry - NZ Youth Pipe Band $1500, Jordan Williams - Inline Hockey $750, Morgan
Bamford - Highland Dancing $1500, Nicala Ward-Allen - Tree Climbing $1500, Tim
Craig - Inline Hockey $750. Angela Caldwell - Tae Kwon Do $1500, David Lee -
Triathlon $1500, Derik Caslangen - Tae Kwon Do $1500, Emma Daniels - Triathlon
$1500, Hannah Sturmer - Triathlon $1500, Joy Baker -Triathlon $1500, Julian Weir
- Swimming $1500, Olivia Eaton - Surf Life Saving $1500, Ryan Dingle - Triathlon
$1500, Suzzane Caslangen - Tae Kwon Do $1500. Teresa Jones - AFS Exchange $500.
Katelyn Craig- Young Shepherd $1500, Leigh Martin - National Brass Band of New
Zealand $1500, Matthew Foster - Motocross $1500, Rebecca Cole - Canoe Racing
$1500.

Projects:

Clifton Park Development Project $67,700. Bishops Action Foundation $3396.
Bishops Action Foundation $100,000.

Sporting:

Fitzroy Bowling Club $12,000. West End Croquet Club $400. Taranaki Golf Course
Superintendents Association $400. Stratford Hockey Club $400. Dressage Taranaki
$400, Taranaki Equestrian Jumping $400. Inglewood Division Indoor Bowls $400,
Turuturu Presbyterian Indoor Bowling Club $400. Okato Rugby Club $35,000. New
Plymouth Surfriders Club $20,000. Central Table Tennis Club $400, West End Table
Tennis Club $400. Stratford Tramping Club $700. Peringa Park Sports Club
Incorporated $400. Swansea Road Combined Sports Association $400. Waitara
Badminton Club $400. Opunake Indoor Basketball Association $400, Stratford
Basketball Association Incorporated $700. Opunake Boat & Underwater Club $400.
Bowls Taranaki Incorporated $2800. Auroa Cricket Club $18,000. New Plymouth
Pistol Club Incorporated $22,000. Lepperton Indoor Bowling Club $400, Normanby
Indoor Bowling Club $400, Tataraimaka Indoor Bowling Club $400, Whiteley Indoor
Bowling Club $400. Huatoki Tennis Club $1500, Pihama Tennis Club $20,000, Rahotu
Tennis Club $400. Midhirst Combined Sport Club Inc $5000. Stratford Badminton
Club $400, Stratford Midweek Badminton Club $400, Taranaki Badminton Association
$2800. Bell Block Pool Club Inc $1400. Inglewood Bowling Club $5000, Vogeltown
Bowling & Social Golf Croquet Club $800. Inglewood Cricket Club $400. New
Plymouth Croquet Club $10,000. Taranaki District Seniors' Golf Association Inc
$400, Taranaki Golf Association $2800. New Plymouth & Districts Riding Club
$1300. North Taranaki Branch of New Zealand Deerstalkers Association $400. Club
2000 Indoor Bowls $400, Norfolk Indoor Bowling Club $400. Tukapa Netball Club
$400. Project Litefoot Trust $32,630. Taranaki Dragons Inc $400. Team Taranaki
Incorporated $5000. Okato Squash Club $12,000. Fifty Forwards Social Club - Ten
Pin $400.

Touring Productions:

TAFT - Kiss the Fish $7000, TAFT - Nick Performance $3573, TAFT - Penny Ashton -
Comedian $2000.

Welfare:

Taranaki Women's Refuge $22,000. South Taranaki Women's Centre $4000. RNZSPCA
North Taranaki Branch $10,000. Alzheimers

Taranaki $7000. La Leche League - North Taranaki $5100. Disabled Citizens
Society Taranaki Incorporated $700. Taranaki Asthma Society $700. View Inc New
Zealand - Taranaki Branch $700. Parkinsonism Society - Taranaki Branch $7000.
Trinity Home and Hospital Limited $49,000. Summit House Trust $4000. Taranaki
Multiple Sclerosis Society $2000.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved
